                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Businesses
                                                                                                                     創新 (Innovation) | 綠色 (Green) | 數智 (Digital Intelligence) | 融合 (Integration)

                                                                                                                                                                                Industrial
                                                                                                                                                                              Manufacturing


                                                                                                                                                Construction and
                                                                                                                                                  Contracting


                                                                                                                Survey, Design and
                                                                                                                Consulting Services




                                                                                                                                           Y
                                                                                                                                           G
                                                                                                                                          ER
                                                                                                                                      EN
                                                                                                                                      G
                                                                                                                                IN
                                                                                                                               G
                                                                                                                            IN
                                                                                                                         BR




                                                                                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                               OR
                                                                                                                                                                   LD
                                                                                                                                                                            Double Carbon Pioneer
                                                                                                                                                             W              Empowering the Future
                                                                                                                                                          TH
                                                                                                                                                             E
Head office: Building 1, No. 26A, West Dawang Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC
                                                                                                                                                       TO
Tel: +86(10)59098818      Fax: +86(10)59098711
Postal code: 100022      Company’s Website: www.ceec.net.cn                                                                                                                                (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s
E-mail: zgnj3996@ceec.net.cn                                                                                                                                                                               Republic of China with limited liability)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Stock Code: 3996) (A Share: 601868)
The
    wo
      rld’
          s fi
              rst
                  set
                      of   300
                              MW
                                 clas
                                     s co
                                         mpr
                                            esse
                                                d   air e
                                                         nerg
                                                             y sto
                                                                  rage
                                                                       demo
                                                                           nstra
                                                                                tion p
                                                                                      roject                                                                                                                           n
                                                                                             - Hube                                                                                                             neratio
                                                                                                   i Yingch
                                                                                                           eng Energ                                                                                ted power ge
                                                                                                                                                                                                   c
                                                                                                                    y Storage Po                                                          rid-conne
                                                                                                                                wer Station Demonstration Project realized full capacity g




                                                                       IMPORTANT NOTICE

              I.              The Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, Directors, Supervisors and senior
                              management of the Company guarantee that the contents in this interim report are
                              true, accurate and complete and have no misrepresentation, misleading statements or
                              material omissions, and they will individually and collectively accept legal responsibility
                              for such contents.

              II.             All Directors of the Company have attended the Board meeting.

              III.            This interim report is unaudited.
                              Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP has reviewed the financial report as set out in the 2025 interim
                              report of the Company.

              IV.             Ni Zhen, the person-in-charge of the Company, Chen Yong, the person-in-charge of
                              accounting affairs, and Liu Aijun, the head of the accounting agency (person-in-charge
                              of accounting), warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the financial
                              report in this interim report.

              V.              Profit distribution plan or plan to convert capital reserve into share capital reviewed
                              and approved by the Board during the Reporting Period
                              Article 33 of the Measures for the Administration of Securities Offerings and Underwritings stipulates that
                              “where a listed company with a plan for issuance of securities has any profit distribution plan or plan to convert
                              capital reserve into share capital which has not yet been submitted to the general meeting for voting, or when
                              such plan has been approved by the general meeting but has not been implemented yet, the issuance of
                              securities should be proceeded after such plan has been implemented. Before relevant plan is implemented,
                              the lead underwriter shall not underwrite the securities issued by the listed company”. Given that the Company
                              is currently promoting the implementation of the issuance of A shares to specific subscribers, in order to
                              ensure the timely progress of the issuance, the Board of Directors has decided not to implement the interim
                              dividend distribution for the year.
VI.    Risks disclaimer of the forward-looking statements
       3 Applicable   □Not Applicable

       Forward looking statements such as future plans and development strategies contained in this report do not
       constitute substantive commitments of the Company to its investors. Investors and relevant persons are kindly
       reminded to maintain adequate risk awareness of such statements and understand the differences between
       plans, forecasts and commitments. Investors should be aware of the investment risks.

VII.   Whether there is any appropriation of fund by the controlling shareholder and other
       related parties for non-operating purpose
       No

VIII. Whether there is any provision of external guarantee in violation of the stipulated
      decision-making procedure
       No

IX.    Whether there are more than half of Directors that are unable to warrant the
       truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the interim report disclosed by the
       Company
       No

X.     Material risk alert
       The Company has described the risks it faced in this report in detail, please refer to the description of the risks
       faced by the Company in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this report.

XI.    Others

       3 Applicable   □Not Applicable

       The 2025 interim report of the Company was prepared according to the Accounting Standards for Business
       Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the relevant regulations (hereinafter referred to
       as the “PRC GAAP Standards”). The reporting currency is RMB, unless otherwise specified.

       The contents of this report are in compliance with all the requirements in relation to information to be
       disclosed in interim results and interim report under the SSE Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
       In addition, this report will be simultaneously published in Mainland China and Hong Kong. Should there be
       any discrepancies between the Chinese and English versions, the Chinese version shall prevail.
Jilin
      Song
          yuan
               Hydr
                   ogen
                        Energ
                             y Indu
                                   strial
                                          Park   Demo
                                                     nstrati
                                                            on Pro
                                                                  ject, th
                                                                          e world
                                                                                 ’s large
                                                                                         st green
                                                                                                    hydro-a
                                                                                                           minol in
                                                                                                                   tegrated
                                                                                                                            project,   invested a
                                                                                                                                                 nd construc
                                                                                                                                                            ted by the Co                                                                                                                                                          istration
                                                                                                                                                                         mpany, was sele                                                                                                                               Energy Admin
                                                                                                                                                                                        cted as one of the first b                                                                                 cts by the National
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  atch of green liquid fuel   technology research and industrialization pilot proje



                           CONTENTS                                                                                  Section I
                                                                                                                     Section II
                                                                                                                                  Definitions
                                                                                                                                  Corporate Information and Key Financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     8
                                                                                                                                  Indicators
                                                                                                                     Section III Management Discussion and Analysis                                                                                                                                            14
                                                                                                                     Section IV Corporate Governance, Environment and Society                                                                                                                                  43
                                                                                                                     Section V Significant Events                                                                                                                                                              52
                                                                                                                     Section VI Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders                                                                                                                              70
                                                                                                                     Section VII Bonds                                                                                                                                                                         77
                                                                                                                     Section VIII Financial Report                                                                                                                                                            132




          Documents Available for Inspection                                                   1. Financial statements signed and sealed by the legal representative (acting), person-in-charge of
                                                                                                  accounting affairs and head of the accounting agency.

                                                                                               2. Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company which had been disclosed to
                                                                                                  the public on China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times.

                                                                                               3. The 2025 interim results announcement published by the Company on the HKExnews website of
                                                                                                  the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website (www.ceec.net.cn)
                                                                                                  and the 2025 interim report published by the Company on the website of the Shanghai Stock
                                                                                                  Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).
04




     SECTION I                     DEFINITIONS


     In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms have the following meanings:


     DEFINITIONS OF THE FREQUENTLY USED TERMS
     Company or our Company         refers to China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (中國能源建設股份有限公司), a joint stock company
                                    with limited liability incorporated in the PRC on 19 December 2014


     Group or our Group             refers to China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited and its subsidiaries


     Energy China Group             refers to China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團有限公司), the controlling shareholder
                                    of the Company


     EPPE                           refers to Electric Power Planning Engineering Institute Co., Ltd. (電力規劃總院有限公司)


     CPECG                          refers to China Power Engineering Consulting Group Co., Ltd. (中國電力工程顧問集團有限公司)


     CGGC Group                     refers to China Gezhouba Group Stock Company Limited (中國葛洲壩集團股份有限公司)


     Finance Company                refers to China Energy Engineering Group Finance Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團財務有限公司)


     Zhongnan Institute             refers to China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group Zhongnan Electric Power Design Institute Co.,
                                    Ltd. (中國電力工程顧問集團中南電力設計院有限公司)


     Jiangsu Institute              refers to China Energy Engineering Group Jiangsu Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設
                                    集團江蘇省電力設計院有限公司)


     Beijing Power Construction     refers to China Energy Engineering Group Beijing Electric Power Construction Company (中國能源建設集
                                    團北京電力建設有限公司)


     Asset Management Company       refers to China Energy Engineering Group Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團資產管理有限
                                    公司)


     Cement Company                 refers to China Gezhouba Group Cement Co., Ltd. (中國葛洲壩集團水泥有限公司)


     Financial Leasing Company      refers to China Energy Engineering Group Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團融資租賃有限公司)


     Fund Company                   refers to Zhongnengjian Fund Management Co., Ltd. (中能建基金管理有限公司)


     Factoring Company              refers to Beijing Nengjian Guohua Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd. (北京能建國化商業保理有限公司)


     China Reform Holdings          refers to China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd. (中國國新控股有限責任公司)


     Board or Board of Directors    refers to the board of directors of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited
                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    05




                                                                                                 SECTION I                 Definitions




Director(s)                        refers to the director(s) of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited


Board of Supervisors               refers to the board of supervisors of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited


Supervisor(s)                      refers to the supervisor(s) of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited


Reporting Period                   refers to the period commencing from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


year-on-year                       refers to comparison with the same period of the previous year


SSE Listing Rules                  refers to the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange


Hong Kong Listing Rules            refers to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
                                   amended from time to time)


Model Code                         refers to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
                                   C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules


Corporate Governance Code          refers to the Corporate Governance Code as contained in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules


SFO                                refers to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)


PRC or China                       refers to the People’s Republic of China


SASAC of the State Council         refers to the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (國務
                                   院國有資產監督管理委員會)


CSRC                               refers to the China Securities Regulatory Commission


Hong Kong Stock Exchange           refers to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchanges
                                   and Clearing Limited


“One Belt and One Road”            refers to the initiative proposed by the People’s Republic of China that focuses on connection and cooperation
                                   among countries primarily in Eurasia, which consists of two main components, the land-based “Silk Road
                                   Economic Belt” and ocean-going “Maritime Silk Road”


“Four Revolutions and One          refers to promoting the energy consumption revolution, energy supply revolution, energy technology
Cooperation” New Energy Security   revolution, energy system revolution and consolidating international cooperation in an all-round manner
Strategy


MW                                 refers to the measurement of electric power which equals 1,000,000 watts. Alternatively, 1 MW equals
                                   to 1,000 kW
06




     SECTION I                Definitions




     PPP                             refers to Public-Private Partnership, which represents the benefit sharing, risk sharing and long-term
                                     cooperative relationship established by the government and social capital through franchising, service
                                     procurement, equity cooperation and others, in order to enhance the supply capacity of public products
                                     and services and improve the supply efficiency


     PV                              refers to the abbreviation of solar photovoltaic power generation system, a technology that directly converts
                                     solar energy into electrical energy by making use of the photovoltaic effect of semiconductor materials


     GIL                             refers to Gas Insulated Metal Sealed Transmission Lines


     “1466” Strategy                 refers to “one strategic vision” of being an industry-leading and world-class company; “four leading
                                     positions” in implementing national strategies, promoting the energy revolution, speeding up high-quality
                                     development and building a better life; and “six first-class” in building a first-class energy integration
                                     solution provider, a first-class general engineering contractor, a first-class infrastructure investor, a first-
                                     class comprehensive ecological environment management provider, a first-class comprehensive urban
                                     development operator, a first-class provider of building materials, industrial products and equipment;
                                     and “six major breakthroughs” in promoting energy revolution and energy transformation development,
                                     accelerating high-quality development, deepening system reform, comprehensively strengthening scientific
                                     management, comprehensively improving the core competitiveness and organizational capacity of
                                     enterprises, and strengthening the party’s overall leadership and party building


     “four-new” Energy Engineering   refers to the new energy, new infrastructure, new industry and new material


     “four transformations”          refers to innovation-driven, green and low carbon, digital intelligence, sharing and integration


     “eight networks”                refers to energy network, transportation network, digital network, water network, ecology network,
                                     industrial network, health network and cultural network


     “Four-new” Alliance             refers to the “New Energy, New Infrastructure, New Industry and New Material” Alliance, initiated and
                                     established by the Company in November 2023, which unites leading enterprises in the fields of new energy
                                     and infrastructure, financial institutions and research institutes, focuses on the integrated development
                                     of “new energy, new infrastructure, new industry and new material”, and promotes green and low-
                                     carbon transformation and high-quality development through resource collaborative sharing, technological
                                     innovation and integration of industry and finance.


     New Energy Storage Alliance     refers to the New Energy Storage Alliance initiated by the Company in November 2023, which jointly creates
                                     a new model, new sample and new benchmark for cooperation, development and technological innovation
                                     in China’s new energy storage industry by comprehensively gathering advantageous resources, forming an
                                     innovative synergy and leading the industry direction for the construction of a new type of power system with
                                     new energy as the main body, making positive contributions to the green transformation of China’s energy
                                     power sector and to achieving high-level scientific and technological self-reliance and self-improvement.
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                            07




                                                                                         SECTION I                 Definitions




Supply Chain Alliance      refers to the China Construction Industry Supply Chain Cooperation and Development Alliance, established on
                           8 November 2022, led by the Company and China Communications Construction Group Limited, and jointly
                           initiated by seven central construction enterprises, including China National Chemical Engineering Group
                           Corporation Ltd., China Railway Engineering Group Limited, China Railway Construction Corporation, Power
                           Construction Corporation of China and China Anneng Construction Group Co., Ltd., etc., the establishment
                           of which is a powerful attempt by central construction enterprises to implement the requirements of the
                           SASAC of the State Council and actively explore innovations in supply chain management. The alliance
                           aims to gather the advantageous resources of all parties, further deepen the cooperation between central
                           construction enterprises and global outstanding supply chain partners through a cooperative mechanism
                           of extensive consultation, joint construction and shared benefits, and further promote the management
                           improvement, digital and intelligent upgrading, cost reduction and efficiency increase, compliance with laws
                           and regulations, stable resources and brand building of alliance enterprises based on the development needs
                           of the supply chain in the construction industry, so as to provide strong support for leading the high-quality
                           development of the supply chain level in the construction industry and building world-class enterprises with
                           global competitiveness.


New Energy International   refers to the New Energy International Investment Alliance initiated in June 2018. The Company, as the
Investment Alliance        president unit, integrates leading enterprises in the fields of planning consultation, design, investment and
                           financing, construction, equipment manufacturing and operation and maintenance in the new energy
                           sector to jointly discuss the innovative development and technological progress of clean energy, and build
                           a development pattern of strong alliances throughout the entire industrial chain. The alliance adheres to
                           the principle of “extensive consultation, joint construction and shared benefits”, and by participating in
                           the power planning of key countries in the global new energy sector, seizes the commanding heights of
                           the new energy industrial chain, and drives the entire industrial chain of China’s new energy industry to go
                           global in a coordinated manner, avoiding vicious competition and achieving strong alliances, complementary
                           advantages and win-win cooperation. Adhering to the model of “planning guidance, investment-driven
                           and standardized operation”, the alliance actively promotes international cooperation in new energy such
                           as wind power and solar power generation, and enhances China’s influence and discourse power in the
                           field of international new energy power standards.


“two funds”                refers to accounts receivable and inventories
08




     SECTION II CORPORATE INFORMATION AND KEY FINANCIAL
     INDICATORS

     I.        COMPANY INFORMATION
      Chinese name of the Company                                           中國能源建設股份有限公司

      Chinese abbreviation of the Company                                   中國能建

      English name of the Company                                           China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

      Abbreviation of the English name of the Company                       CH ENERGY ENG

      Legal representative of the Company                                   Ni Zhen (acting)


     Note:     Due to work adjustment, Mr. Song Hailiang resigned as the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, the chairman
               of the Strategy Committee and the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Board on 30 June 2025. Pursuant
               to the Articles of Association, Mr. Ni Zhen, the vice chairman of the Company, will temporarily assume the powers and
               responsibilities of the chairman of the Board and legal representative until the election of a new chairman of the Board.


     II.       CONTACT PERSONS AND CONTACT METHODS
                                                                                                                              Representative of
                                         Secretary to the Board                   Joint Company Secretaries                    securities affairs

      Name                               QIN Tianming                             QIN Tianming, LEUNG Shui Bing                        /

      Correspondence address             Building 1, No. 26A West Dawang Road, Building 1, No. 26A West Dawang Road,                   /
                                           Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC   Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC;
                                                                               31/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson
                                                                                 Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

      Tel                                010-5909 8818                            010-5909 8818                                        /

      Fax                                /                                        /                                                    /

      E-mail                             zgnj3996@ceec.net.cn                     zgnj3996@ceec.net.cn                                 /



     III.      BASIC COMPANY INFORMATION CHANGES
      Registered address                                      Room 01-2706, 1-24/F, Building 1, No. 26A West Dawang Road, Chaoyang District,
                                                                Beijing, the PRC

      Historical change of registered address                 N/A

      Business address                                        Building 1, No. 26A West Dawang Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC

      Postal code of business address                         100022

      Business address in Hong Kong                           31/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong

      Company website                                         www.ceec.net.cn

      Email                                                   zgnj3996@ceec.net.cn

      Index of changes during the Reporting Period            /
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                              09




                   SECTION II              Corporate Information and Key Financial Indicators




IV.     INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND CHANGE OF PLACE FOR INSPECTION
 Newspapers designated by the Company for               China Securities Journal, Securities Times, Shanghai Securities News
   information disclosure

 Website for publication of the interim report          Shanghai Stock Exchange website: www.sse.com.cn

                                                        HKExnews Website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange: www.hkexnews.hk

                                                        Company website: www.ceec.net.cn

 Place where the interim report of the Company is       Board Office, Building 1, No. 26A West Dawang Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the
    available                                             PRC

 Index of changes during the Reporting Period           /



V.      STOCK INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                                  Stock abbreviation
 Class of shares    Stock exchange on which shares are listed    Stock abbreviation        Stock code             before the change

 A Shares           Shanghai Stock Exchange                      中國能建                     601868.SH                        /

 H Shares           Hong Kong Stock Exchange                     CH ENERGY ENG             03996.HK                        /
10




     SECTION II               Corporate Information and Key Financial Indicators




     VI.    OTHER RELATED INFORMATION
     3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

      Board of the Company                   Executive Directors         Ni Zhen
                                                                         Song Hailiang (resigned on 30 June 2025)
                                             Non-executive Directors     Liu Xueshi
                                                                         Si Xinbo
                                             Independent non-executive   Cheng Niangao
                                                Directors                Ngai Wai Fung
                                                                         Niu Xiangchun
                                                                         Pei Zhenjiang (appointed on 24 June 2025)
                                                                         Zhao Lixin (departed on 24 June 2025)
      Board of Supervisors of the Company    Supervisors                 Wu Daozhuan (employee representative Supervisor)
                                                                         Kan Zhen (employee representative Supervisor)
                                                                         Lv Shisen
                                                                         He Jiansheng (resigned on 11 March 2025)
                                                                         Mao Fengfu (resigned on 11 March 2025)
      Strategy Committee                     Members                     Ni Zhen
                                                                         Cheng Niangao
                                                                         Si Xinbo
                                                                         Song Hailiang (Chairperson, resigned on 30 June 2025)
      Nomination Committee                   Members                     Ni Zhen (Chairperson, appointed on 14 July 2025)
                                                                         Niu Xiangchun
                                                                         Pei Zhenjiang (appointed on 24 June 2025)
                                                                         Song Hailiang (Chairperson, resigned on 30 June 2025)
                                                                         Zhao Lixin (departed on 24 June 2025)
      Remuneration and Assessment            Members                     Niu Xiangchun (Chairperson)
        Committee                                                        Liu Xueshi
                                                                         Ngai Wai Fung
      Audit Committee                        Members                     Cheng Niangao (Chairperson)
                                                                         Ngai Wai Fung
                                                                         Pei Zhenjiang (appointed on 24 June 2025)
                                                                         Zhao Lixin (departed on 24 June 2025)
      Supervisory Committee                  Members                     Cheng Niangao (Chairperson)
                                                                         Ngai Wai Fung
                                                                         Pei Zhenjiang (appointed on 24 June 2025)
                                                                         Zhao Lixin (departed on 24 June 2025)
      Accounting firm appointed by the       Name                        Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP
        Company
                                             Office address              6th Floor, No. 128, Xixi Road, Xihu District, Hangzhou City,
                                                                           Zhejiang Province, the PRC
      Legal advisor engaged by the Company   Name                        DeHeng Law Offices
        (as to PRC law)
                                             Office address              12/F, Tower B, Focus Place, 19 Finance Street, Xicheng District,
                                                                           Beijing
      Legal advisor engaged by the Company   Name                        King & Wood Mallesons
        (as to Hong Kong law)
                                             Office address              13/F, Gloucester Tower, The Landmark, 15 Queen’s Road Central,
                                                                           Central, Hong Kong
      A Share registrar of the Company       Name                        China Securities Depository and Clearing Company Limited
                                                                           Shanghai Branch
                                             Office address              188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai
      H Share registrar of the Company       Name                        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                             Office address              Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
                                                                           Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
                                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                         11




                  SECTION II                 Corporate Information and Key Financial Indicators




VII.    KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS OF THE COMPANY
(I)     Key Accounting Data
                                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                         Change over
                                                                      Reporting Period       Corresponding         the corresponding
 Key accounting data                                                  (January to June)      period last year     period last year (%)

 Operating income                                                          212,091,238         194,261,759                       9.18

 Total profit                                                                6,562,291            6,220,555                      5.49

 Net profit attributable to shareholders of listed company                   2,801,838            2,781,881                      0.72

 Net profit excluding non-recurring profit or loss attributable to
   shareholders of the listed company                                        2,521,383            2,327,618                      8.32

 Net cash flows from operating activities                                  -13,400,893          -14,514,997                       N/A



                                                                                                                        Change over
                                                                            End of the                                    the end of
                                                                      Reporting Period       End of last year           last year (%)

 Net assets attributable to shareholders of listed company                 117,990,852         116,011,181                       1.71

 Total assets                                                              938,735,064         869,004,776                       8.02



(II)    Key Financial Indicators
                                                                                                                    Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                         Change over
                                                                      Reporting Period       Corresponding         the corresponding
 Key financial indicators                                             (January to June)      period last year     period last year (%)

 Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                        0.063                0.063                         –

 Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                      0.063                0.063                         –

 Basic earnings per share excluding non-recurring profit or loss                 0.056                0.052                      7.69
   (RMB per share)

 Weighted average return on net assets (%)                                        2.41                  2.56       Decreased by 0.15
                                                                                                                    percentage point

 Weighted average return on net assets excluding                                  2.15                  2.12        Increased by 0.03
  non-recurring profit or loss (%)                                                                                   percentage point


Note:   As there were no dilutive potential ordinary shares, diluted earnings per share equals to basic earnings per share.


Explanation on the key accounting data and financial indicators of the Company
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
12




     SECTION II                   Corporate Information and Key Financial Indicators




     VIII. DIFFERENCES OF ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING
           STANDARDS
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     According to the relevant regulations of the Ministry of Finance of the PRC, the CSRC and the Hong Kong Listing
     Rules, since 15 December 2010, companies incorporated in Mainland China and listed on the Hong Kong Stock
     Exchange have been permitted to prepare their financial statements in accordance with the accounting standards
     of Mainland China. Since the fiscal year of 2021, the financial statements in the regular reports of A and H shares
     of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the accounting standards of Mainland China.


     IX.       NON-RECURRING PROFIT AND LOSS ITEMS AND AMOUNTS
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                             Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
      Non-recurring profit and loss items                                                          Amount    Notes (if applicable)

      Gain or loss from disposal of non-current assets, including the offset part provided for      74,807
        asset impairment

      Government grants included in current profit or loss (other than government grants           141,187
        which are closely related to the Company’s normal operations, granted based on
        fixed standards according to the state policies and have continuous impact on the
        Company’s profit or loss)

      Gain or loss on changes in fair value from financial assets and financial liabilities held    -5,996
        by non-financial enterprises and gain or loss from disposal of financial assets and
        financial liabilities, except for effective hedging transactions that are related to the
        Company’s normal operation

      Capital occupation fee charged to non-financial enterprises included in current profits       33,491
        and losses

      Reversal of the impairment provision for receivables which are tested individually for         6,278
        impairment

      Profit or loss from debt restructuring                                                        13,601

      Other non-operating income and expense other than the items above                            110,420

      Less: Effect of income tax                                                                    80,654

              Effect of minority interests (after tax)                                              12,679

      Total                                                                                        280,455



     For those items not stated in the Explanatory Announcement No. 1 for Information Disclosure
     by Public Issuers of Securities – Non-recurring Profit or Loss (《公開發行證券的公司信息披
     露解釋性公告第1號－非經常性損益》) but recognized as non-recurring profit and loss items
     whose amount is significant, and those non-recurring profit and loss items stated in the
     Explanatory Announcement No. 1 for Information Disclosure by Public Issuers of Securities
     – Non-recurring Profit or Loss and defined as recurring profit and loss items, the Company
     shall provide the reasons.
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                           13




            SECTION II        Corporate Information and Key Financial Indicators




X.    COMPANIES WITH EQUITY INCENTIVES AND EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLANS
      MAY CHOOSE TO DISCLOSE NET PROFIT AFTER DEDUCTING THE IMPACT OF SHARE-
      BASED PAYMENTS
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


XI.   OTHERS
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
14




     SECTION III MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     I.       INDUSTRY OVERVIEW AND PRINCIPAL BUSINESSES OF THE COMPANY DURING THE
              REPORTING PERIOD
     The Company is a “four-type” enterprise of technological innovation, integrated energy, comprehensive infrastructure
     and integrated development, providing systematic, integrated, full-cycle and all-inclusive development solutions
     and services in industries such as energy power, infrastructure in the PRC and around the world, with a complete
     industrial chain service capacity integrating survey, design and consulting, construction and contracting, industrial
     manufacturing and investment operation. The Company’s businesses cover core main businesses such as energy
     power and water conservancy, as well as related diversified businesses including green transportation, green buildings,
     artificial intelligence, new materials, civil explosives, ecological and environmental protection, high-end equipment,
     urban development and operation, and industrial finance.

     (I)      Industry Overview of the Company
     In the first half of 2025, the overall operation of China’s economy remained stable and improved steadily, production
     and demand grew steadily, the employment situation remained generally stable, new growth drivers grew stronger, and
     high-quality development made new progress. GDP grew by 5.3% year-on-year, and social stability was maintained.




                     t single photovoltaic project in Egypt – Egyp
           The larges                                              t Ko m
                                                                            Ombo
                                                                                   500M
                                                                                       W   Phot
                                                                                                  ovol
                                                                                                       taic
                                                                                                            Power
                                                                                                                    Sta
                                                                                                                       tion
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        15




                                   SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




1.     Energy power industry
(1)    New energy and comprehensive smart energy
In the first half of 2025, the newly added installed capacity of wind power was 51.39 million kW, the newly added
installed capacity of solar power was 212 million kW, and the newly added installed capacity of biomass power
was 0.71 million kW. As of the end of June 2025, the installed capacity of wind power was 573 million kW, the
installed capacity of solar power was 1.1 billion kW, and the installed capacity of biomass power was 47 million kW,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.7%, 54.2% and 3%, respectively.

In the first half of 2025, total investment in the hydrogen energy sector reached approximately RMB230.4 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 40.2%, reflecting the industry’s development opportunities from technological
iteration and cost reductions, coupled with policy support, while challenges like overcapacity and supply chain
coordination remained to be overcome. Currently, China’s hydrogen production primarily derives from coal-produced
hydrogen with production capacity of approximately 20.70 million tons and accounting for 56.7% of total output.
However, accelerating iteration of renewable energy electrolysis water hydrogen production technology will drive
decarbonization across the hydrogen full lifecycle. Technical breakthroughs in off-grid hydrogen production systems
using wind and photovoltaic power and seawater electrolysis will gradually bring green hydrogen costs close to
traditional gray hydrogen, offering deep decarbonization solutions for energy-intensive industries such as chemicals
and metallurgy, and breaking the bottle-neck of green hydrogen economy. Deep integration across industrial chains
enables to promote R&D cycle compression and synergistic coordination between hydrogen production systems and
new energy. Moreover, hydrogen applications are expanding from single scenario of transportation to industrial,
energy storage, and construction sectors, creating a trillion incremental market through scenario integration, and
transitioning the industry from pilot demonstrations to large-scale implementation.

In the first half of 2025, new energy storage maintained a steady and rapid growth trend, and the installed scale of
national new energy storage reached 94.91 million kW/222 million kWh, representing an increase of approximately
29% compared to the end of 2024. Of which, the installed scale in Inner Mongolia and Xinjiang exceeded 10.00
million kW, while the installed scale in Shandong, Jiangsu, and Ningxia exceeded 5.00 million kW. The installed
scale in 13 provinces and regions, including Hebei, Zhejiang, Yunnan, Gansu, Guangdong, Anhui, Guangxi, Shanxi,
Hunan, Henan, Hubei, Qinghai and Guizhou, exceeded 2.00 million kW. In terms of regional distribution, North China,
Northwest China, and South China were the main growth areas for new energy storage in the first half of the year,
accounting for over 80% of the newly added installed capacity in China. Of which, the installed capacity of new
energy storage in operation in North China and Northwest China accounted for 29.7% and 25.7% of the national
capacity, respectively, with the proportions remaining basically stable compared to the end of 2024. South China
had a faster growth, the installed capacity of new energy storage in operation accounted for 15.4% of the national
capacity, representing an increase of 3 percentage points compared to the end of 2024. This was primarily due to
the fact that provinces such as Guangxi and Yunnan, which had a higher proportion of hydropower and relatively
abundant regulation resources, were experiencing an increasing development demand for new energy storage caused
by a gradual tightening of regulation capacity due to the rapid development of new energy sources. Additionally, the
16




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     installed capacity of new energy storage in operation in East China, Central China, and Northeast China accounted
     for 16.6%, 12.2% and 0.4% of the national capacity, respectively. Going forward, under the guidance of the “Four
     Revolutions and One Cooperation” New Energy Security Strategy, the application scenarios for new energy storage
     will be further expanded, operational efficiency will continue to improve, market mechanisms will be accelerated to
     improve, and the high-quality development of the new energy storage industry will be promoted in an orderly manner.

     In overall, China’s energy supply and demand remained relatively loose, with the energy structure continuing to
     optimize and the construction of a new energy system accelerating, both of which are contributing to the sustained
     recovery and improvement of China’s economy.

     (2)    Traditional energy
     In the first half of 2025, traditional energy continued to develop steadily in China. The cumulative installed capacity
     of thermal power generation reached 1.47 billion kW, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7%, accounting for
     40.3% of the total installed capacity of power generation; the cumulative installed capacity of hydropower reached
     440 million kW, representing a year-on-year increase of 3%; the cumulative installed capacity of nuclear power
     reached approximately 60.91 million kW, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.9%. In the first half of the year,
     total investment in power generation projects nationwide reached RMB363.5 billion, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 5.9%; investment in power grid projects reached RMB291.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 14.6%.

     In the first half of 2025, the national cross-regional electricity transmission volume reached 436.6 billion kWh,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 11.8%. Of which, the electricity transmission volume from Northwest China
     was 177.4 billion kWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.8%, accounting for 40.6% of the national cross-
     regional power transmission volume; the electricity transmission volumes from Northeast China, Southwest China
     and South China increased by 44.7%, 15.0% and 12.4% year-on-year, respectively. In the first half of the year,
     the national cross-provincial electricity transmission volume reached 954.3 billion kWh, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 8.4%. Of which, the net electricity transmission volumes from eight provinces, including Inner Mongolia
     (150.9 billion kWh), Shanxi (71.7 billion kWh), Xinjiang (59.3 billion kWh), Sichuan (45.8 billion kWh), Ningxia (43.9
     billion kWh), Shaanxi (35.5 billion kWh), Guizhou (33.1 billion kWh) and Gansu (31.3 billion kWh), exceeded 30.0
     billion kWh.

     In the second half of the year, China will continue to improve the construction of energy infrastructure network,
     increase financial support efforts for the construction and renovation of power grid enterprises, improve the intelligence
     level of power distribution network, comprehensively enhance the regulation capacity and flexibility of the power
     system, vigorously promote the clean, safe and efficient development of coal, and the joint development of coal and
     electricity. Traditional energy such as coal-fired power still have relatively great development opportunities.
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                             17




                                    SECTION III            Management Discussion and Analysis




2.     Water conservancy and eco-friendly
(1)    Water conservancy
In the first half of 2025, investment in construction of water conservancy nationwide reached RMB532.9 billion,
with 34,400 water conservancy projects implemented and 18,800 new water conservancy projects initiated; among
them, 14 major water conservancy projects were newly initiated, including the treatment work of Yellow River
mainstem in Qinghai Province and the treatment work of the Zhangwei New River. Water conservancy construction
sector provided jobs for 1.422 million persons. In accordance with the development objectives of the National
Water Network Construction Planning Outline (《國家水網建設規劃綱要》), by 2035, China will basically establish
the overall layout of national water network, with its main backbones and main arteries gradually completed and
provincial, municipal, and county-level networks basically improved, creating a national water security system aligned
with the basic realization of socialist modernization. Water resource utilization will see comprehensive improvements
in conservation, intensive efficacy and efficiency. Urban and rural water supply security and drought emergency
response capabilities will be significantly enhanced. Flood control systems in river and lake basins will be substantially
improved, with enhanced flood prevention capabilities and better preparedness for flood risks. Water ecological space
will be effectively protected, soil erosion will be effectively managed, and ecological water flow in rivers and lakes
will be secured, forming a healthy aquatic ecosystem. The national water network will maintain robust operational
management mechanisms, achieving digitalization, networking and intelligent scheduling. Therefore, over the next
decade, China will witness large-scale development in water conservancy infrastructure projects. Looking forward,
the Ministry of Water Resources will also focus on the construction of the national water network and the “two
major (兩重)” water conservancy tasks, guide local governments to fully commit to project implementation, fund
raising, scale stabilization and livelihood improvement, accelerate the progress of ongoing major projects, and strive
to expand effective water conservancy investment. The Company holds a leading position internationally in water
conservancy construction technology, possesses extensive experience in water conservancy construction, and holds
high-level qualifications for survey, design and construction general contracting, providing strong support for the
Company’s steady development in the water conservancy construction sector.

(2)    Ecological and environmental protection
In the first half of 2025, China actively advanced the practice of building a Beautiful China, deepened efforts in
pollution prevention and control, accelerated the green transformation of development patterns, enhanced the
diversity, stability and sustainability of ecosystems, upheld the safety bottom line for building a Beautiful China,
created demonstration models for Beautiful China construction, and established a supporting system. According to the
Explanation on Transfer Payment Budget to Local Governments by the Central Government in 2025 (《關於2025年中
央對地方轉移支付預算的說明》) issued by the Ministry of Finance, in 2025, the central government would allocate
RMB34.0 billion for air pollution prevention and control, RMB26.7 billion for water pollution prevention and control,
RMB4.4 billion for soil pollution prevention and control, and RMB4.0 billion for rural environmental improvement,
all of which remained flat over that of 2024. The central government continues to support the strengthening of
ecological civilization construction. The Company has identified the ecological and environmental protection industry
as a key development direction, continued to conduct research on core technologies and actively seized opportunities
in the ecological and environmental protection market.
18




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.     Transportation industry
     The transportation industry is a key sector in China’s infrastructure development. In the first half of 2025, the growth
     rate of fixed-asset investment in the transportation sector reached 6.1%, significantly higher than the growth rate
     of overall fixed-asset investment of 2.8%. Investments in sectors such as railways, highways, water transport and
     civil aviation all saw notable increases, particularly the continued advancement of high-speed rail construction and
     the optimization of comprehensive transportation networks in key economic regions like the Yangtze River Delta
     and Pearl River Delta, provided strong support for investment growth. In 2025, China intensified support for urban
     and rural transportation infrastructures, planned to further expand the density of the railway network, particularly
     increased investment in western and northeastern regions. As the “14th Five-Year Plan” is implemented in depth,
     investment in the transportation sector will continue to play a pivotal role. The Company is a key player in the
     transportation sector, particularly in the highway sector, having participated in the investment and construction of
     over 3,000 kilometers of expressways and establishing multiple industry-leading benchmark projects.

     4.     Construction industry
     In the first half of 2025, the construction industry achieved an added value of RMB3,821.1 billion, representing a
     year-on-year increase of 0.7%, and the growth rate was 4.6 percentage points lower than that of the gross domestic
     product; the total output value of the construction industry achieved by national construction enterprises was
     RMB13,674.542 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.13%, and the growth rate was 1.67 percentage
     points lower than the growth rate of the national fixed asset investment (excluding rural households); the completed
     output value achieved by construction enterprises was RMB4,642.021 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease
     of 3.76%. In 2025, the overall trend of China’s construction industry is shifting from incremental expansion to
     improvement in quality and high-quality development of existing assets, the construction industry will rely more on
     technology, sustainability and intelligence, and green buildings and smart cities will become the main development
     directions. The Company will closely follow the industry development trends, actively lay out research and development
     advantages in green buildings, smart and intelligent fields, etc., implement technological innovation and green
     development, focus on new industry cities, integrated urban development and new urbanization businesses, and
     effectively promote integrated development, thereby achieving sustainable development.

     5.     Manufacturing
     In the first half of 2025, national cement production reached 815 million tons, representing a year-on-year decrease of
     4.3%. The national cement production continued its downward trend, however, through measures such as optimizing
     production capacity and phasing out outdated production capacity, the decline in industry output narrowed by 5.7
     percentage points compared to the same period last year. With the deepening implementation of national major
     works and key projects, such as the Yarlung Zangbo River downstream hydropower project, demand in the building
     materials market is expected to improve. In the first half of the year, the overall operation of the civil explosives
     industry remained stable with a positive trend, with industrial explosives production and industry profits continuing
     to grow. The proportion of the equipment manufacturing sector continued to increase, and the industrial structure
     was further optimized. In the first half of 2025, the added value of the equipment manufacturing industry above
     designated size increased by 10.2% year-on-year, contributing 3.4 percentage points to the growth of the entire
     industry above designated size; accounting for 35.5% of the total industry above designated size, further solidifying
     its role as a “cornerstone”. The Company’s production capacity advantages in sectors such as the building materials,
     civil explosives and equipment manufacturing will also align with the development of these industries, maintaining
     a stable and positive operational outlook.
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          19




                                    SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




(II)   Principal Businesses of the Company
1.     Survey, design and consulting services business
The survey, design and consulting services business of the Company mainly includes businesses such as planning
and research, consulting, evaluation, engineering survey, design, supervision, project management, preparation of
industry standard and specification in the field of energy power and infrastructure. The Company is committed to
building an “industry-leading and world-class” energy integration solution provider. The Company is in a leading
position in the survey and design technology of energy power, and also has international leading advantages in the
fields including research on industrial policies and development plans in the field of energy power; the survey and
design technology of million kilowatt-class ultra-supercritical units, third-generation nuclear power conventional
island, clean coal-fired power generation, UHV AC and DC and GIL integrated pipe gallery power transmission and
transformation, flexible AC and DC power transmission, offshore wind power and solar thermal power generation.
The Company has continuously expanded and improved its inter-sector comprehensive design capabilities, actively
expanded non-power businesses such as water conservancy, ecological environmental protection, comprehensive
transportation, municipal administration, buildings and structures, chemical and mining, etc., and vigorously expanded
the digital and energy integration, transportation and energy integration, construction and energy integration and
“eight networks” integration projects. The Company has strengthened the traction role of design and consulting,
and created higher value for customers with a full-process and high-quality design and consulting service model.
The amount of newly signed contracts for the survey, design and consulting services business of the Company in
the first half of 2025 was RMB17.41 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 52.1%.

2.     Construction and contracting business
The construction and contracting business of the Company includes domestic and overseas power, water conservancy,
green transportation, green buildings, ecological environmental protection and other engineering construction
businesses. For the construction and contracting as the core business of the Company, the Company vigorously
promoted green transformation, and has strong core competitiveness of integration of investment, construction and
operation in the field of power and large-scale infrastructure. The Company is committed to building a world-class
general engineering contractor, with first-class project management capabilities, engineering technology innovation
capabilities, resource integration capabilities and increasingly enhanced digital intelligence management capabilities,
which provides customers with quality engineering and construction integration services of full value chain integration
and lifecycle management. The amount of newly signed contracts for the construction and contracting business of
the Company in the first half of 2025 was RMB717.04 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.2%.

3.     Industrial manufacturing business
The industrial manufacturing business of the Company primarily includes building materials, civil explosives and
equipment manufacturing businesses. The Company adheres to the concept of green production and operation,
vigorously promotes industrial energy conservation and emission reduction, and is committed to building a first-class
provider of green building materials, industrial products and equipment. Among them:
20




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     The building materials business of the Company is equipped with a complete industrial chain covering research and
     development and manufacturing, new building materials, environmental engineering, gravel aggregates, commercial
     concrete services, logistics and distribution as well as technology consulting services. The subsidiary Cement Company
     is one of the 60 large scale cement enterprises (groups) supported by the state and the first batch of pilot and
     demonstration companies of integration of informatization and industrialization for promoting energy-saving and
     emission reduction in China, and won the title of “Excellent Demonstration Enterprise in Green Development of
     China (中國綠色發展優秀示範企業)”. China Energy Construction Green Building Materials Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
     the Company, was successfully selected into the first batch of “pioneering enterprises” by the SASAC of the State
     Council, and established the green advanced materials research institute to actively enter the green new materials
     industry. The Company established a specialized company for green building design and research, focusing on
     various areas such as green and low carbon, construction and energy integration and smart building, to promote
     the transformation and upgrading of assembled buildings. New materials businesses such as Liaoning Chaoyang
     Bentonite, Henan Nanyang Perovskite and Shanxi Datong Coal Gangue have been accelerated. In the first half of 2025,
     cement production was 10.267 million tons, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.6%; the clinker production
     was 8.285 million tons, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.9%; and the production of commercial concrete
     was 1.183 million cubic meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.8%.

     The civil explosives business of the Company has strong strength that integrates a complete industrial chain of
     R&D, production, sales of civil explosive products, explosive services, general contracting of mining exploitation and
     construction, continuously promotes integrated civil explosive service mode to national key energy projects including
     large-scale water conservancy and hydropower, nuclear power and thermal power, national key infrastructure projects
     including ports, wharves and airports and large-scale mine exploitation and other projects, has leading advantages
     in process skill, equipment technology, explosive technology, construction management and operation mode. The
     Company owns leading integrated application technologies of on-site mixed explosives in the industry, including
     on-site mixed water-gel explosives process technology and equipment, and research and application of new raw
     materials for industrial explosives based on coal-based Fischer-Tropsch products. These technologies have reached
     internationally leading levels. The Company has established the green civil explosive institute, the first industrial
     explosive scientific research and experimental platform in China, built the core technology cluster centering on
     mixed explosives, electronic detonators, intelligent blasting and green mines. In the first half of 2025, the Company
     actively advanced the construction of smart mines and green mines, promoted the development of the civil explosives
     industry towards smartization and clean, low-carbon operations. The Company maintained its leading position in
     terms of scale and further consolidated its industry status, achieved a year-on-year growth rate of nearly 20% in
     both operating revenue and total profit; fully leveraged the advantages as a state-owned central enterprise and
     listed platform, efficiently completed the restructuring of the Songguang civil explosives project, with its industrial
     explosives production capacity under management reaching 625,500 tons, ranking among the top in the industry.
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         21




                                   SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




As for equipment manufacturing business, the Company relied on the technical background of the whole industrial
chain, took the manufacturing of high-end professional products and R&D of proprietary technologies as the
directions, and cultivated the design and R&D of high-end professional products, systematic integration and processing
and manufacturing capacities. The core products developed by the Company such as UHV dry smoothing reactor,
seawater filtration and cathodic protection, nuclear electric actuator and key equipment of fourth generation solar
thermal power generation have leading technology and market advantages. The Company actively responded to
the national energy transformation strategy, deployed in new industries and new fields such as hydrogen energy,
and promoted the sustainable development of the Company in the high-end equipment manufacturing field. In the
first half of 2025, the amount of newly signed contracts of equipment manufacturing business was RMB7.59 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.5%.

4.     Investment and operation business
The investment and operation business of the Company mainly includes power, water conservancy, eco-environmental
protection, comprehensive transportation, real estate (new urbanization), industrial finance and other businesses.
The Company is committed to creating a first-class energy integration solution provider and first-class infrastructure
investor, first-class urban comprehensive development operator.

The Company fully exerted the whole industry chain advantages of power planning, design, investment, construction
and operation, followed the “30•60” carbon peak and carbon neutral goal, and focused on the field of clean energy.
The Company has developed and constructed a large number of clean energy projects in many places across China
as well as in international markets. The scale, influence and competitiveness of clean energy business continued to
improve. By the end of the Reporting Period, the controlled and grid-connected installed capacity of the Company
reached 20.2871 million kW, of which: wind power of 3.8019 million kW, solar power of 11.2344 million kW,
biomass power generation of 0.224 million kW, new energy storage of 0.767 million kW, clean and efficient thermal
power of 2.6242 million kW and hydropower of 1.6356 million kW.

The Company’s water conservancy, water affairs and ecological and environmental protection business focuses on
water supply, sewage treatment, and water environment treatment. It has mastered a number of key technologies,
including advanced sewage treatment, water environment restoration, and smart water affairs, and is capable of
providing comprehensive solutions and one-stop services for eco-environmental treatment. Additionally, the Company
is accelerating the development of green and low-carbon, and digitalized water treatment plants, operating nearly
100 water treatment plants across more than ten provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions in China. As of
the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s water treatment design capacity was 4.5 million tons/day, with an
actual water treatment volume of 1.98 million tons/day.
22




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     The comprehensive transportation business of the Company covers investment and financing, construction,
     operation and capital operation of transportation infrastructure such as domestic expressways and other toll
     roads, as well as derivative economic businesses such as energy, supermarkets, logistics, tourism and advertising
     along domestic expressways. In the first half of 2025, the Company continued to promote the “construction of a
     new transportation energy system” with the goal of “converting green power into green, smart and economical
     capacity”. The Company focused on two core pathways for reducing carbon emissions in transportation: sustainable
     transportation electrification and sustainable fuel alternatives such as green-hydro-aminol fuels, and systematically
     conducted research and practice on the integration of transportation and energy. The Shandong Zaohe Expressway
     Transportation and Energy Integration Project was selected as a typical case for the 2025 “PPP (Public-Private
     Partnership) and Infrastructure Award” by virtue of its innovation, sustainability and significant social benefits. As of
     the end of the Reporting Period, the Company operated 1,320.7 kilometers of expressways.

     Under the guidance of the national carbon peaking and carbon neutrality and “30•60” strategic goal, the Company
     actively deployed research and development advantages in green building, smart and intelligence and other fields,
     implemented technological innovation and green development, and strived to opening up new spaces of “green,
     healthy and smart” in the industry market. Relying on the advantages of whole industry chain, the Company adhered
     to the principles of “value investment, full lifecycle investment, rational investment and high-quality investment”,
     clarified the direction of integrated development, focused on new industry cities, integrated urban development and
     new urbanization businesses, and effectively promoted the integration of industry and city.

     The industrial financial service business of the Company includes Finance Company and other non-monetary banking
     services, which provide strong support for the Company to strengthen centralized capital management, serve the
     main business, enrich financing means, enhance capital operation and save financing costs.

     5.     Other businesses
     The Company’s other businesses include software and information services, logistics trade, leasing and commercial
     services, etc. As the main carriers supporting the Company’s technological development as well as comprehensive
     digital transformation and intelligent transformation, the Company’s software and information services provided
     strong support for the Company’s digital intelligence transformation. The logistics and trade business of the Company
     achieved positive results in its operation and development; the logistics and trade, leasing and commercial service
     businesses of the Company focused on principal businesses, continued to promote the transformation of business
     model, and maintained stable development.

     Explanation on newly added significant non-core businesses of the Company during the Reporting Period
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     II.    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATIONS
     In the first half of 2025, the Company deeply implemented the decisions and arrangements of the CPC Central
     Committee and the State Council, fully carried out the work requirements of the SASAC of the State Council,
     vigorously practiced the “1466” and “four-new” Energy Engineering strategies, focused on the theme of high-quality
     development, set its sights on the annual goals and tasks, and continued to strengthen core functions and improve
     core competitiveness. The Company’s overall development showed a steady progress and positive trend.
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          23




                                    SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




(I)    Full Focus on Main Responsibilities and Main Businesses with Stable Improvement of
       Key Indicators
The Company concentrated its efforts on strengthening, optimizing and expanding its main responsibilities and
main businesses in energy, power and water conservancy. The Company deeply implemented major national
strategies, formed professional teams at a high standard, provided support for the construction of major national
projects such as the Yarlung Zangbo River downstream hydropower project, the desert, gobi and wasteland new energy
base, cross-provincial and cross-regional ultra-high voltage transmission channels, and the water diversion project
from the Yangtze River to the Han River. The Company continuously strengthened its high-end marketing
efforts, actively participated in the International Infrastructure Investment and Construction Summit Forum and the
China-Central Asia Summit, collaborated with supply chain partners to successfully hold high-end forum activities
such as the sub-forum titled “Building a New Energy System and Creating a Green Future for the World” at the
Bo’ao Forum for Asia, and played a leading role in the industrial chain to facilitate industrial development and “going
abroad”. The Company deeply promoted the “energy+” integration model, efficiently implemented a number
of transportation-energy integration, construction-energy integration and digital-energy integration projects such as
the “vessel electrification” project in Huzhou, Zhejiang Province, the second phase of Energy China Building, and the
1,000P intelligent cloud computing and intelligent computing center of Zhongying Yingke in Wuzhong City, Ningxia,
continuously created a new model and new benchmark of integrated development with characteristics of Energy
China. Operational indicators grew steadily. In the first half of 2025, the amount of newly signed contracts,
operating income and total profit of the Company were RMB775.357 billion, RMB212.091 billion and RMB6.562
billion, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.98%, 9.18% and 5.49%, respectively. Among them,
the amount of newly-signed contracts and operating income of the core businesses of energy power, and water
conservancy increased by 3.12% and 18.58% year-on-year, respectively, accounting for approximately 69.02% and
74.49% of the newly signed contracts and operating income of the Company in total, respectively. In particular,
the signed contracts for domestic thermal power and power grid businesses maintained a rapid growth, increasing
by 18% and 20% year-on-year, respectively. The Company signed a number of major power engineering projects,
including the Three Gorges South Xinjiang Taklimakan Desert New Energy Base 6×660,000 kW coal-fired power
project, the Phase II 2×1,000 MW unit project of Yuneng Hengshan Power Plant, and the 35kV and 10kV power
supply project for key projects in Nyingchi City, Xizang, etc. The Company’s market share in the domestic thermal
power sector consistently remained above 80%, further solidifying its leading position in the energy power industry.

(II)   Comprehensive Acceleration of Transformation and Upgrading with Rapid Development
       in Strategic Emerging Industries
The Company fully leveraged its technical advantages in energy power planning and design, engineering construction,
operation and maintenance, and commissioning, etc., seized the development opportunities of new energy, energy
storage and hydrogen energy, vigorously developed strategic emerging industries, and accelerated the transformation
from an engineering general contracting service provider to an energy power comprehensive operation service
provider. The power operation business developed rapidly. In the first half of 2025, the operating income and
total profit of the Company’s power operation business increased by 31.41% and 37.22% year-on-year, respectively.
As of the end of June 2025, the Company had cumulatively obtained over 76 million kW of domestic new energy
24




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     development indicators; the Company had a total of 214 power generation projects under its control and in operation
     (including overseas), with a grid-connected installed capacity of 20.2871 million kW; and the installed capacity of
     power generation projects under construction was 11.74 million kW. In the recent three years, the compound growth
     rate of the Company’s grid-connected installed capacity reached 57.6%, and the scale of operating assets grew rapidly.
     The energy storage business accelerated to take the lead. Relying on strong advantages in energy technology,
     standard formulation, system integration, technological innovation and the entire industrial chain, the Company is
     committed to building a globally influential source of new energy storage original technology. In January 2025, the
     “Energy Storage No. 1” of Hubei Yingcheng Compressed Air Energy Storage Power Station, the world’s first set
     of 300MW class compressed air energy storage demonstration project independently developed by the Company,
     realized full capacity grid-connected power generation and entered stable commercial operation, which has created
     three world records in terms of single-unit power, energy storage scale and conversion efficiency, marking that China’s
     compressed air energy storage technology has taken the lead in entering a new era of 300MW class engineering. The
     project has the maximum energy storage capacity of 1,500 MWh, with the highest conversion efficiency of nearly
     70%, daily energy storage and release durations of 8 hours and 5 hours respectively, and an annual average power
     generation of approximately 500 million kWh. Currently, the Company has completed site selection and agreement
     signing for over 30 compressed air energy storage facilities. Demonstration projects such as Shandong Tai’an and
     Shaanxi Tongchuan 350MW compressed air energy storage power stations, and Gansu Jiuquan 300MW artificial
     cavity compressed air energy storage power station are under rapid construction. The Company’s compressed air
     energy storage business has entered a stage of rapid development. The hydrogen energy business was booming.
     The Company has made advanced plans and quickly seized the hydrogen energy market, and has reserved over 50
     projects of green hydro-aminol, sustainable aviation fuel (SAF), etc. in key regions both at home and abroad, such
     as Songyuan, Jilin Province, Lanzhou, Gansu Province, Chifeng, Inner Mongolia, Tongliao, Inner Mongolia, Urumqi,
     Xinjiang, Batam Island, Indonesia, Egypt and Morocco. The Company is committed to building a full industrial chain
     of hydrogen energy covering “production, storage, transportation, refuelling, application and research”. At present,
     the integrated hydrogen energy and sustainable fuel industry is achieving a new leap from “nothing to something”
     to “something to strength”. In the first half of the year, the first phase of the CEEC Lanzhou New Area green power
     hydrogen and ammonia project, which was invested in and constructed by the Company, achieved its first hydrogen
     production, with a designed annual hydrogen production capacity of 500 tons. The world’s largest hydrogen energy
     industrial park demonstration project (green hydro-aminol integration) invested and constructed by the Company
     in Songyuan, Jilin Province, has been selected as one of the first batch of green liquid fuel technology research and
     industrialization pilot projects by the National Energy Administration. The first phase of the project is planned to be
     put into operation in the second half of 2025, with an annual hydrogen production capacity of 32,400 tons, all of
     which will be used for the synthesis of ammonia and methanol, with an annual production capacity of 166,000 tons
     for ammonia synthesis equipment and 16,600 tons for CO2 methanol synthesis equipment. Meanwhile, a number
     of key hydrogen energy projects, such as Shijiazhuang Luquan District hydrogen energy industry four-network
     integration demonstration project, and Shuangyashan green methanol and green aviation fuel integration project, are
     being accelerated. From January to June 2025, the Company’s operating income from strategic emerging industries
     increased by 14.6% year-on-year, accounting for 37.3%. The new quality productive forces with characteristics of
     Energy Engineering has continuously achieved new breakthroughs.
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           25




                                    SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




(III)   Strong Impetus of Technological Innovation with Comprehensive Acceleration of
        Transformation and Application of Achievements
The Company comprehensively promoted technological innovation, and spared no effort to build new quality
productive forces with characteristics of Energy Engineering by focusing on core businesses such as new energy,
energy storage and hydrogen energy. Innovation capabilities have been continuously enhanced. The Company’s
research and development expenditure increased by 11% year-on-year in the first half of 2025. Zhongnan Institute
and Jiangsu Institute, both subsidiaries of the Company, have been newly approved as national enterprise technology
centers; and the Company established five overseas research institutions, including the China-Europe Science and
Technology Innovation Center, the ASEAN Green Development Research Center and the Central Asia Clean Energy
Research Institute, etc., accelerating the global R&D layout. Transformation and application of achievements was
accelerated. Three experiment platforms, including the “8MW Alkaline Electrolyzer Test Platform,” were selected
as central enterprise pilot verification platforms; 28 major science and technology projects under the “unveiling
and commanding” initiative, including research on hydrogen energy key technologies and core equipment, as
well as 25 technological innovation special tasks, including the 300MW non-combustion compressed air energy
storage turbine expander, and large-scale renewable energy grid-connected flexible power regulation devices, have
passed acceptance successfully; 24 projects of the Company’s first unit (set) equipment, including alkaline electrolysis
hydrogen production equipment and megawatt-scale flexible cascaded battery energy storage systems, have been
demonstrated and applied; the construction of a number of new technology demonstration projects, such as Zhejiang
Huzhou electrified canal, Shanxi Datong coal gangue and Xinjiang basalt fiber, were accelerated. The empowerment
of AI has been deepened and expanded. The Company launched an in-depth “AI+” initiative, focused on the dual-
wheel drive of “AI + Energy Power” and “AI + Industrial Integration”, and developed the “AI 100-Task Action Plan
(AI百項任務作戰圖)”; completed the full-platform integration and private deployment of models such as DeepSeek;
and accelerated the construction of platforms such as the Cloud Design Institute, Intelligent Construction and Smart
Mining, implemented the application scenarios such as AI-powered intelligent data query and AI safety supervision
platform, deeply explored the value of data, and drove the digital intelligence transformation of operations. The
digital intelligence productive force is accelerating its accumulation and development.
26




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     (IV) High-quality Implementation of “Going Abroad” Strategy with Strong Momentum of
          International Operations
     The Company actively seized the strategic opportunities of the global energy revolution and the “One Belt and One
     Road”, resolutely and deeply implemented the “going abroad” strategy, continuously improved the mechanism for
     giving priority to high-quality coordinated development of international business, and achieved remarkable results
     in international operations. Key indicators grew at a higher rate. In the recent three years, the contract amount,
     operating income, total profit and investment completion amount of the Company’s international business basically
     maintained double-digit growth, with growth rates consistently ranking among the top of central enterprises. In the
     first half of 2025, the amount of newly-signed overseas contracts, operating income and total profit of the Company
     continued to grow at a higher rate, increasing by 13.74%, 12.92% and 10.15% year-on-year, respectively. The
     business structure continued to be optimized. The Company focused on the construction of energy power
     infrastructure, and the amount of newly-signed overseas contracts for energy power projects grew rapidly, accounting
     for over 80% of the total amount of newly-signed overseas contracts. In particular, new energy businesses such as
     “wind-photovoltaic-hydrogen-storage” witnessed significant growth, with the signed contracts in the first half of
     the year increased by 78.6% year-on-year. The Company successfully signed landmark projects such as the Malaysia
     Samalaju 1,000MW gas power station project, Kazakhstan Astana water supply project and Indonesia Batam Island
     photoelectrochemical hydrogen production project, achieved breakthroughs in signing photovoltaic and energy
     storage projects in Azerbaijan and Japan, and continuously expanded into new country markets. The overseas
     assets were steadily laid out. The Company focused its main responsibilities and main businesses of green power
     to expand overseas assets. In the first half of the year, the Uzbekistan Lochin and Oz energy storage project invested
     and constructed by the Company, the largest single electrochemical energy storage project invested and constructed
     by a Chinese-funded enterprise overseas, was connected to the grid and put into operation; and the Company
     successfully signed the power purchase agreement for the Kazakhstan 300MW photovoltaic power generation with
     energy storage project, the shareholder agreement for the 500MW wind power with energy storage project and
     the cooperation agreement for the Central Asia Hydrogen Energy Research Center. As of the end of June 2025,
     the Company had cumulatively made investment decisions on 32 overseas projects. Among them, 16 projects were
     in operation, 6 projects were under construction, 10 projects were pending implementation, and 35 projects were
     being prioritized for development. As multiple projects are gradually put into operation, the overseas profit-making
     capacity will be rapidly unleashed.

     Significant changes in the operation of the Company during the Reporting Period and events occurred
     during the Reporting Period that have significant impact and are expected to have significant impact in
     the future on the operation of the Company
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         27




                                   SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




III.    ANALYSIS OF THE CORE COMPETITIVENESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

(I)     Strong High-end Advantage of a National Think Tank and Top-level Design, Planning
        and Consulting
The Company has the high-end planning, consulting and design capabilities relying on EPPE and supported by CPECG.
The Company has assumed the national “13th Five-Year Plan”, “14th Five-Year Plan” and “15th Five-Year Plan”
energy, electricity and other major plans and the “One Belt and One Road” energy cooperation special planning
research, and built and operated big data platforms such as national power planning and research, new energy
consumption monitoring and warning, new energy storage and offshore wind power, assumed the national mission
and played the unique role in conversion, deepening, integration and refinement of the national and industrial top-
level, strategic, planning, think tank and policy sides.

(II)    Strong Advantage of Energy Technology, Standards, Integrated and Innovative
        Systematic Technologies
The Company has mastered the ultra-supercritical secondary reheat power generation, million-kilowatt large
hydropower units, third-and fourth-generation nuclear power conventional islands, high-voltage AC and DC
transmission, multi-terminal flexible DC transmission, as well as green power generation, hydrogen production,
storage and transportation, high-altitude wind energy, pumped hydro storage, electrochemical energy storage,
300MW compressed air energy storage, gravity energy storage and other key core complete sets of technologies,
standards and specifications. Besides, relying on eight national R&D platforms and eighteen professional research
institutes, the Company has strengthened the transformation and engineering practical applications of major original
technologies, cutting-edge leading technologies, disruptive technological achievements, and contributed Energy
Engineering intelligence power to ensuring energy security and achieving scientific and technological self-reliance
and self-improvement.

(III)   Strong Integrated Advantage of Full Industry Chain and Systematic Solution Capabilities
The Company has a complete industry chain of planning, consulting, design, investment, construction and operation
in the energy power fields, owns the coordinated capacity, cohesion capacity and control ability of running throughout
the downstream and upstream of the industry chain vertically, and explored and formed “seven integration” business
modes, namely the wind-photovoltaic-hydropower-thermal-storage integration, the source-network-load-storage
integration, the investment-construction-operation integration, the offshore comprehensive energy integration, the
comprehensive transportation integration, the urban comprehensive development integration and the eastern data
and western computing integration, which can provide customers with systematic, personalized, full-cycle and
package service solutions.
28




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     (IV) Strong Advantage of Comprehensiveness and Integration
     The Company, focusing on “energy+”, “digital and intelligence+”, innovated new products, new models and
     new business formats of “eight municipal network integration” of energy network, transportation network, digital
     network, water network, ecological network, industrial network, health network and cultural network of cities in
     the future, vigorously promoted the green transformation plan of “four major integrations” of crossover integration
     among industries, integration within the industrial chain, interactive integration among elements, and cross-regional
     linkage integration, and took the lead in implementing a series of benchmark and demonstration projects in four major
     areas of transportation and energy integration, digital and energy integration, construction and energy integration,
     and production and energy integration.

     (V)    Strong Advantage of Industrial Cluster and New Quality Productive Forces
     The Company prospectively deployed and cultivated new quality productive forces, took the lead in conducting a
     series of forward-looking and innovative work in development and expansion of new energy bases, power channels,
     comprehensive energy storage, integrated hydrogen energy, green hydrogen, green amino, green methanol, green
     aviation fuel, high-altitude wind power and other strategic emerging industries, laying a solid foundation for building
     new quality productive forces with characteristics of Energy Engineering.

     (VI) Strong International Advantage
     The Company vigorously implemented the strategy of giving priority to high-quality coordinated development of
     international business, and followed the “four-step” route of “Going Out, Going In, Melting in and Fully Integrating
     Into (走出去、走進去、融進去、充分一體化)”, established 6 overseas regional headquarters, set up 256 branches
     with business covering more than 140 countries and regions; and built a number of world-renowned China Dams,
     China Power, China Network, China Town, China Road and China Bridge, playing a vanguard role in promoting the
     construction of the “One Belt and One Road” from planning to practice.

     (VII) Strong Advantage of Resource Integration at Home and Abroad
     The Company took the lead in establishing the “four major alliances”, i.e. “Four-new” Alliance, New Energy Storage
     Alliance, Supply Chain Alliance and New Energy International Investment Alliance, and undertook the construction
     and operation of eight international cooperation platforms including the National “One Belt and One Road” Energy
     Cooperation Secretariat Office and the International Energy Agency China Liaison Office, formed an industrial
     “ecosystem” and “win-win chain” with alliance between giants and excellent complementary, and jointly created a
     number of demonstration projects leading the high-quality development of the industry.

     (VIII) Strong Advantage of Versatile, Comprehensive Talents and Professional Talent Teams
     The Company has a large number of top experts, leading talents and high-quality professional and technical teams
     in the fields of hydropower, thermal power, nuclear power, new energy, energy storage, hydrogen energy, new
     materials and other fields at home and abroad, and a large number of skilled craftsmen and expertized talents who
     have created national major deployments, as well as a large number of hardworking, combat-worthy and dedicated
     cadres and management talents.
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           29




                                            SECTION III    Management Discussion and Analysis




IV.     MAJOR OPERATION DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
(I)     Analysis of Main Businesses
1.      Analysis of changes of relevant items in financial statements
                                                                                           Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Amount for the
                                                                 Amount for        same period of          Percentage of
 Item                                                             this period    the previous year           change (%)

 Operating income                                               212,091,238          194,261,759                   9.18

 Operating cost                                                 188,154,591          170,572,359                  10.31

 Sales expense                                                    1,082,070            1,003,250                   7.86

 Management expense                                               6,920,663            7,097,739                  -2.49

 Financial expense                                                2,835,206            3,053,325                   -7.14

 Research and development expense                                 5,351,934            4,822,492                  10.98

 Net cash flows from operating activities                       -13,400,893          -14,514,997                    N/A

 Net cash flows from investing activities                       -25,455,069          -26,579,113                    N/A

 Net cash flows from financing activities                        36,204,089           38,059,843                   -4.88



Reasons for changes in operating income: Mainly due to the increase in the income associated with increased
contracting and business scale expansion.

Reasons for changes in operating cost: Mainly due to the increase in the costs associated with increased contracting
and business scale expansion.

Reasons for changes in research and development expense: Mainly due to the Company’s continued promotion
of scientific research and technological innovation and further increased investment in research and development.

2.      Detailed explanation on major changes in business types, composition or sources of profit of the
        Company during the period
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
30




     SECTION III                 Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.        Main businesses by sector and region
                                                                                                             Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                             Main businesses by sector

                                                                                              Change in    Change in
                                                                                               operating    operating   Change in gross
                                                                                            income over     cost over   profit margin over
                                                     Operating     Operating   Gross profit the previous the previous   the previous year
      Sector                                           income           cost   margin (%)       year (%)     year (%)   (%)

      I. Survey, design and consulting services      9,098,280     5,518,335        39.35         16.46        11.34    Increased by 2.79
         business                                                                                                          percentage points

      II. Construction and contracting business    181,995,629   170,124,308         6.52         10.31        11.28    Decreased by 0.82
                                                                                                                          percentage point

          Including: New energy and                 68,666,284    65,128,104         5.15         17.84        19.09    Decreased by 0.99
                      comprehensive smart energy                                                                          percentage point

      III. Industrial manufacturing business        16,248,050    13,555,298        16.57         10.96        11.84    Decreased by 0.66
                                                                                                                          percentage point

          Including: Construction materials          3,627,113     3,005,668        17.13          2.93         1.76    Increased by 0.95
                                                                                                                           percentage point

      IV.Investment and operation business          15,180,114     9,857,836        35.06         15.52        32.64    Decreased by 8.38
                                                                                                                          percentage points

          1. New energy and comprehensive smart      3,562,652     2,166,400        39.19         49.26        68.53    Decreased by 6.95
             energy                                                                                                       percentage points

          2. Comprehensive transportation            1,260,540      602,042         52.24          2.57        19.61    Decreased by 6.80
                                                                                                                          percentage points

          3. Real estate (new urbanization)          4,689,228     3,863,215        17.62         22.60        58.68    Decreased by 18.73
                                                                                                                          percentage points

      V. Other businesses                            2,267,678     1,517,342        33.09        -50.98       -61.68    Increased by 18.69
                                                                                                                           percentage points

      Inter-segment elimination                    -12,698,513   -12,418,528         2.20         16.05        15.30    Increased by 0.63
                                                                                                                           percentage point

                                                             Main businesses by region

                                                                                              Change in    Change in
                                                                                               operating    operating   Change in gross
                                                                                            income over     cost over   profit margin over
                                                     Operating     Operating   Gross profit the previous the previous   the previous year
      Region                                           income           cost   margin (%)       year (%)     year (%)   (%)

      I. Domestic                                  180,338,907   160,268,126        11.13          8.55        10.29    Decreased by 1.41
                                                                                                                          percentage points

      II. Overseas                                  31,752,331    27,886,465        12.18         12.92        10.40    Increased by 2.01
                                                                                                                           percentage points

      Total                                        212,091,238   188,154,591        11.29          9.18        10.31    Decreased by 0.90
                                                                                                                          percentage point


     Note:     Due to the special nature of the Group’s businesses, the main businesses by industry of the Group are analyzed by sector;
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          31




                                    SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




Explanation on main businesses by sector:
(1)    Survey, design and consulting services business
The operating income of the survey, design and consulting services business mainly derives from providing survey and
design services for domestic and foreign thermal power, hydropower, nuclear power, wind power and solar power
generation projects and power grid projects, and providing extensive consulting services for power industry policies
and power project testing, evaluation and supervision services. In the first half of 2025, the Company continued
to expand and improve its cross-industry comprehensive design capabilities. Operating income from the segment
amounted to RMB9.098 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.46%.

(2)    Construction and contracting business
The operating income of the construction and contracting business mainly derives from providing construction services
for engineering projects in the PRC and overseas. In the first half of 2025, some of the Company’s key engineering
projects were at the peak of construction. Operating income from the segment amounted to RMB181.996 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 10.31%.

(3)    Industrial manufacturing business
The operating income of the industrial manufacturing business mainly derives from the design, manufacture and
sales of equipment used in various fields of the power industry, mainly including power station auxiliary equipment,
power grid equipment, steel structure and energy saving and environmental protection equipment; and from the
production and sales of civil blasting and cement products, and providing blasting services. In the first half of 2025,
the operating income from the segment amounted to RMB16.248 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
10.96%.

(4)     Investment and operation Business
The operating income of the investment and operation business mainly derives from power, water conservancy,
ecological and environmental protection, comprehensive transportation, real estate (new urbanization), industrial
finance and other businesses. In the first half of 2025, operating income from the segment amounted to RMB15.180
billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.52%.

(5)   Other businesses
The operating income of other businesses mainly derives from software and informatization, logistics trade, leasing
and commercial services, etc. In the first half of 2025, the total income of the segment was RMB2.268 billion.
32




     SECTION III                 Management Discussion and Analysis




     4.        Debts, assets pledged and contingent liabilities
     As at 30 June 2025, the Company’s total liabilities amounted to RMB729.606 billion and total assets amounted
     to RMB938.735 billion, with a gearing ratio of 77.72%, representing an increase of 1.41 percentage points as
     compared to the beginning of the year. The Company’s total indebtedness amounted to RMB310.781 billion. The
     following table sets forth the details of bank borrowings, other borrowings and corporate bonds of the Company
     as at the dates indicated:

                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                           At the end of the       At the end
      Item                                                                                 Reporting Period        of last year

      I. Long-term

          1. Bank borrowings

              Unsecured                                                                         134,868,675      120,941,670

              Secured                                                                            74,917,527       72,067,947

          2. Other borrowings

              Secured

              Corporate bonds (note)                                                             18,398,218       13,999,319

      Subtotal                                                                                  228,184,420      207,008,936

      II. Short-term

          1. Bank borrowings

              Unsecured                                                                          56,657,087       39,935,906

              Secured                                                                               145,246          256,642

          2. Customers deposits and deposits from banks and other financial institutions

              Unsecured                                                                           3,608,956        3,528,424

          3. Non-current liabilities within one year

              Unsecured                                                                          16,573,123       15,166,885

              Secured                                                                             3,977,345        4,342,566

              Corporate bonds (note)                                                              1,635,291        1,703,054

      Subtotal                                                                                   82,597,048       64,933,477

      Total                                                                                     310,781,468      271,942,413


     Note:     The corporate bonds of the Company are unsecured medium-term notes and corporate bonds
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            33




                                   SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




5.       Capital expenditures
In the past, the Company incurred capital expenditures primarily for expenditures on fixed assets, construction in
progress, as well as intangible assets (such as concession rights of toll roads). The following table sets forth the
components of capital expenditures of the Company for the years indicated:

                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                          For the                 For the
                                                                                Reporting Period          same period of
                                                                                (January to June)       the previous year

 Fixed assets                                                                          1,556,102              1,071,325

 Construction in progress                                                             16,852,605             13,891,532

 Intangible assets                                                                     3,917,673              7,493,324

 Total                                                                                22,326,380             22,456,181


6.       Capital and financial policies
The Company expected to jointly finance its management capital and other capital needs from a variety of sources,
including but not limited to internal financing and external financing at a reasonable market interest rate, and
continued to focus on improving return on equity and assets while maintaining prudent capital and financial policies.

(II)     Explanation on Significant Changes in Profit Caused by Non-Main Businesses
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(III)    Analysis of Assets and Liabilities
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable
34




     SECTION III                 Management Discussion and Analysis




     1.      Assets and liabilities
                                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                                      change in
                                                  Percentage                      Percentage        the closing
                                                        of the                          of the       amount of
                                                      closing                          closing      the current
                                                   amount of                       amount of             period
                                      Closing     the current                    the last year    compared to
                                   amount of    period to the         Closing           to the      the closing
                                  the current     total assets     amount of      total assets       amount of
      Item                             period             (%)        last year            (%)     last year (%)   Description

      Accounts receivable        174,892,184           18.63     152,954,703           17.60             14.34    Increase in business scale

      Inventories                 83,086,334             8.85     74,877,095             8.62            10.96    Increase in real estate development
                                                                                                                     costs

      Contract assets            117,195,655           12.48     103,655,338           11.93             13.06    Increase in business scale

      Fixed assets                81,685,625             8.70     73,934,087             8.51            10.48    Purchase, transfer from construction
                                                                                                                    in progress

      Construction in progress    44,291,656             4.72     37,212,340             4.28            19.02    Increased investment in new energy
                                                                                                                     projects

      Short-term borrowings       56,802,333             6.05     40,192,548             4.63            41.33    Increase in working capital
                                                                                                                     borrowings due to expansion of
                                                                                                                     business scale

      Contract liabilities        96,810,940           10.31      78,993,313             9.09            22.56    Increase in project receipts in advance

      Long-term borrowings       209,786,202           22.35     193,009,617           22.21              8.69    Increased demand for long-term
                                                                                                                     funding in investment projects


     2.      Overseas assets
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                       35




                                       SECTION III            Management Discussion and Analysis




3.       Restrictions on major assets as at the end of the Reporting Period
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                            Carrying value as at
 Item                             30 June 2025     Type of restriction   Reason for restriction

 Cash at bank and on hand            9,034,553     Margin/time deposit   Issuing bank acceptance bills, guarantee deposits, and time
                                                                            deposits over three months etc.

 Bill receivable                     1,522,476     Pledge                Loan pledge

 Account receivables                 6,120,437     Pledge                Loan pledge

 Inventories                        24,762,020     Mortgage              Loan mortgage

 Fixed assets                        4,094,468     Mortgage              Loan mortgage

 Long-term receivables               9,246,544     Pledge                Loan pledge

 Intangible assets                  36,016,314     Mortgage/pledge       Loan mortgage/pledge

 Total                              90,796,812



4.       Other explanation
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(IV) Analysis of Investments
Overall analysis of external equity investments
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

During the Reporting Period, the external investment of the Company amounted to RMB41.2 billion. Among the main
business segments, the investment in new energy and comprehensive smart energy business was RMB15.3 billion,
the investment in traditional energy business was RMB4.2 billion, and the investment in municipal administration
and area comprehensive development business was RMB8.5 billion.

1.       Significant equity investments
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

During the Reporting Period, the Company has no major equity investment projects that exceed 10% of the Company’s
net assets attributable to the parent company.
36




     SECTION III                   Management Discussion and Analysis




     2.       Significant non-equity investments
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     During the Reporting Period, the Company has no major non-equity investment projects with external investment
     amount exceeding 10% of the Company’s net assets attributable to the parent company.

     3.       Financial assets measured at fair value
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                             Gains or
                                                               losses Accumulated                                   Amount for
                                                        arising from    changes in                                     disposal/
                                                         changes in       fair value    Impairment       Purchase   redemption
                                            Opening    fair value for   included in    provided for   amount for         for the     Other      Closing
      Type                                  amount        the period          equity     the period    the period         period   changes      amount

      Financial assets held for trading     420,989             -40                                    9,712,568    -10,012,608                120,909

      Other non-current financial assets 12,998,218          -5,956                                    1,173,535      -189,719               13,976,078

      Receivables financing                1,088,616                                                    162,837                               1,251,453

      Investment in other equity
         instruments                       2,566,773                       -10,067                        38,347           -421               2,594,632

      Total                               17,074,596         -5,996        -10,067                    11,087,287    -10,202,748              17,943,072
                                                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                           2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                             37




                                                       SECTION III                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Securities investment
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                 Gains or
                                                                                                   losses     Changes in
                                                                                            arising from    fair value for                                Investment
                                                  Initial                         Opening changes in           the period       Purchase     Disposal        gains or    Closing
                                            investment                            carrying fair value for     included in    amount for    amount in    losses in the    carrying
 Type     Stock code   Abbreviation                 cost    Fund source           amount      the period            equity    the period   the period          period    amount     Accounting item

 Shares     600917     Chongqing Gas                832     Debt Restructuring        686            -41                0             0            0               0         645    Financial assets held
                          (重慶燃氣)                                                                                                                                                        for trading

 Shares     600578     Jingneng Power               437     Proprietary funds       2,328              0                0             0            0               0       2,328    Investment in other
                           (京能電力)                                                                                                                                                       equity instruments

 Shares     603227     Xuefeng Technology       65,000      Proprietary funds     173,800              0          -6,200              0            0          4,000      167,600    Investment in other
                           (雪峰科技)                                                                                                                                                       equity instruments

 Shares     600642     Shenergy Company           9,303     Proprietary funds      56,014              0          -3,143              0            0               0      52,871    Investment in other
                           (申能股份)                                                                                                                                                       equity instruments

 Shares     600236     Guiguan Power              3,826     Proprietary funds       2,973              0              -70             0            0               0       2,903    Investment in other
                           (桂冠電力)                                                                                                                                                       equity instruments

 Shares     833042     Haikong Energy           20,000      Proprietary funds      20,000              0                0             0            0               0      20,000    Financial assets held
                           (海控能源)                                                                                                                                                       for trading

 Shares     000501     Wushang Group                681     Proprietary funds      10,340              0          -1,779              0            0               0       8,561    Investment in other
                          (武商集團)                                                                                                                                                        equity instruments

 Shares     603603     Botian Environment         2,558     Debt Restructuring      2,558              0                0             0            0               0       2,558    Investment in other
                           (博天環境)                                                                                                                                                       equity instruments

 Total             /   /                      102,637       /                     268,699            -41         -11,192              0            0          4,000      257,466    /


Explanation on securities investment
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

Private fund investment
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

Derivatives investment
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
38




     SECTION III                 Management Discussion and Analysis




     (V)     Disposal of Major Assets and Equity
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (VI) Analysis of Major Subsidiaries and Investees
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     Major subsidiaries and investees affecting 10% or more of the Company’s net profit
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                       Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                 Net profit
                                                                                                                                           attributable to
                                                                                                          Amount of       Amount of        owners of the
      Company name                                 Business nature                  Registered capital        asset     owner’s equity   parent company

      China Gezhouba Group Company Limited         Engineering construction,      RMB3,415,308,700       448,315,383     116,001,277             123,862
        (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司)                                civil demolition, cement
                                                     sales and real estate
                                                     development

      China Power Engineering Consulting Group     Survey, design and             RMB2,097,370,200       190,679,006      49,013,934           2,554,316
        Co., Ltd. (中國電力工程顧問集團有限公司)                    engineering contract

      China Energy Engineering Group Equipment     Equipment manufacturing      RMB3,888,722,739.67      25,815,687         4,490,211              59,569
        Co., Ltd. (中國能建集團裝備有限公司)

      China Energy Engineering Group North         Building construction,         RMB5,000,000,000        60,827,422        4,343,294           -169,119
        Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.         investment holding
        (中國能源建設集團北方建設投資有限公司)

      China Energy Engineering Group Eastern       Building construction,         RMB5,000,000,000        91,716,073      13,029,401             356,123
        Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.         investment holding
        (中國能源建設集團華東建設投資有限公司)

      China Energy Engineering Group Southern      Building construction,         RMB5,000,000,000        39,559,542        5,897,125             -44,302
        Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.         investment holding
        (中國能源建設集團南方建設投資有限公司)

      China Energy Engineering Group Northwest     Building construction,         RMB2,500,000,000        25,815,798        3,532,338              50,471
        Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.         investment holding
        (中國能源建設集團西北建設投資有限公司)

      China Energy Engineering Group Investment    Project investment, asset      RMB6,000,000,000        69,840,669      20,913,710             545,135
        Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團投資有限公司)                    management

      China Energy Digital Technology Group Co.,   Supply chain management,       RMB5,000,000,000         8,484,364        1,944,612              39,712
        Ltd. (中能建數字科技集團有限公司)                         software development

      China Energy International Group Co., Ltd.   General engineering            RMB7,000,000,000        39,561,442      10,170,871               48,173
        (中能建國際建設集團有限公司)                              contracting, investment
                                                     operation


     Acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                           CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED          2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                        39




                                           SECTION III                Management Discussion and Analysis




Other explanation
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(VII) Structured Entities Controlled by the Company
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                      Principal location   Place of                                     Shareholding   Obtaining
 Name                                 of operation         registration         Business nature           proportion   method

 CITIC Trust collective asset trust   Chaoyang District,   Chaoyang District,   Capital investment             25%     Established by
   plan subsidiary                      Beijing              Beijing              service                                 investment

 Partnership subsidiary               Tianjin              Tianjin              Capital investment   19%-30%/100%      Established by
                                                                                  service                                 investment



V.      OTHER DISCLOSURES
(I)     Potential Risks
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

1.      Debt risk
The scale of “two funds” and operating liabilities have increased, the total amount of rigid liabilities has continued
to increase, and the ratio of interest-bearing liabilities has showed phased upward trend. Some enterprises are facing
operational challenges, and the overall debt situation needs to be continuously monitored.

Countermeasures: The Company will continue to improve the balance of collection of operating cash flows and
funds, strengthen the guidance of the annual budget and process monitoring, carry out the tough action to reduce
the gearing ratio, rigidity implement the task list of the five major special actions, and make every effort to prevent
and control debt risks in key areas and key units.

2.      Investment risk
Affected by the financial payment capacity of local governments, the investment recovery cycle of certain PPP projects
has been extended, and enterprises are facing new challenges in capital turnover; meanwhile, under the background
of continuous adjustment of the real estate market, the project destocking cycle has been extended, and there is
uncertainty regarding the investment returns of projects.

Countermeasures: The Company will continue to strengthen investment risk management and control, actively
communicate and coordinate with local governments, and steadily resolve the risks of recovering existing PPP projects;
and will intensify research and analysis on real estate development trends, investment expansion directions, regional
selection and structural demands, and carry out the “property mortgage for engineering payment and destocking
(工抵去滯重)” action to promote the destocking of existing projects.
40




     SECTION III          Management Discussion and Analysis




     3.     International operation risk
     The global economic situation remains complex and volatile, and the concentrated maturity of sovereign debt of
     developing countries has gradually revealed the pressure of debt repayment; the frequency of policy and regulatory
     adjustments in some countries is accelerating, and changes in the areas such as market access, labor management
     and environmental protection pose new challenges to compliance management; and the security situation in some
     areas remains severe, and the implementation of projects needs to be closely monitored.

     Countermeasures: The Company will continue to enhance the high-end planning capabilities for overseas market
     development, and actively expand the energy power business; carry out supervision of ongoing overseas projects
     and improve the operational efficiency and effectiveness of key projects; strengthen the management of compliance
     operation, letter of guarantee, advance payment and exchange rate, and effectively respond to risks such as sanctions
     from multilateral financial institutions, so as to promote the sound development of overseas business.

     4.     Market competition risk
     The infrastructure industry is at a critical stage of structural adjustment and transformation and upgrading, which
     brings new challenges to the consolidation of market share in traditional businesses and the expansion of emerging
     businesses; the industry competition remains at a high level, and the government’s debt management policies and
     requirements for industry entry and other pre-conditions have posed new challenges to the operation of integrated
     projects.

     Countermeasures: The Company will leverage its high-end public relations advantages in the market, focus on core
     business, and ensure the successful implementation of major projects; deepen the pilot program of provincial-level
     co-construction, and seize new opportunities in the development of energy power and water conservancy in the
     new round; and utilize the advantages in high-end think tank consultation, technological innovation and industrial
     incubation to plan new projects in advance and ensure that market contracts could generate revenue and profits.

     (II)   Number of Employees and Training Program
     As of 30 June 2025, the Company has a total of 115,916 employees, including 34,730 management personnel,
     54,164 professional technicians, and 19,717 technical operating personnel. The Company has a team of top talents
     of China, including 40 experts who enjoy the Chinese governmental special subsidies, 6 national engineering survey
     and design masters, 1 national nuclear industry engineering survey and design master, 2 engineering experts of
     national “Millions of Talents” projects, 2 national young and middle-aged experts with outstanding contribution,
     and 24 national technical experts.
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                               41




                                     SECTION III            Management Discussion and Analysis




The Company attaches high importance to the education and training. In the first half of 2025, the Company deeply
implemented the “4223” strategy of “strengthening enterprises with talents” and the “Energy China Talent (人
才能建)” project, and made full use of both internal and external training resources, exerted the core role of Party
schools, the talent development institutes and the training centers to organize and conduct trainings at different levels
and classifications, covering over 600,000 person-time, and the political and ideological quality, business ability and
comprehensive quality of employees were significantly improved. While efficiently completing the key cadre training
projects of the Group, the Company continuously intensified the training efforts to enhance the business capabilities
of professional talents, organized hundreds of training sessions for project managers at the group headquarters and
all levels, held specialized talent training sessions for international talents targeting different groups, organized dozens
of special training sessions for four types of artificial intelligence and other technological innovation talents. and held
five online training sessions on the “four-new” Energy Engineering business throughout the Group. The training for
different professional skill talents mainly from subsidiaries covered tens of thousands of employees.

(III)   Future Investment Plans
The Company will adhere to the philosophy of “value investment, full lifecycle investment, rational investment and
high-quality investment”, center on “strengthening core functionalities and enhancing core competitiveness”, focus
on main responsibilities and main businesses as well as advantageous fields, optimize the investment structure,
prioritize the layout of strategic emerging industries such as new energy as well as main responsibilities and main
businesses such as energy power, and actively invests in a number of major projects with strong traction and
long-term benefits. The Company will also serve major national strategies such as new energy security strategy,
achievement of the goal of “Dual Carbon” and joint construction of the “One Belt and One Road”, and make every
effort to enhance the capacity to ensure energy supply, support the modern infrastructure system and create value
for economic and social development.

(IV) Outlook
In 2025, the increase in tariffs and the uncertainty of trade policies are putting pressure on supply chains, which drives
up production costs and affects both developed and developing economies, and global economic growth is expected
to slow down compared to 2024, which will hinder the realization of sustainable development goals. The intensifying
complexity, severity and uncertainty of external environment expose challenges on economic globalization. Policy
coordination and international cooperation have become the key to stabilizing the global economy and promoting
sustainable development, and accelerating the joint construction of the “One Belt and One Road” and building a
high-level three-dimensional interconnection network will become China’s outstanding contribution to the global
economy. China insists on the development principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability, promoting
stability through progress and establishing and then breaking new ground. More proactive and effective macro policies
have taken effect, and the economy has maintained a stable and positive development trend, demonstrating strong
resilience and vitality. China will further strengthen the domestic circulation, thereby guiding the global circulation
and responding to external uncertainties with the certainty of high-quality development to promote sustained, stable
and healthy economic growth. The Company will always faithfully implement national strategies such as “Dual
Carbon” and “One Belt and One Road”, focus on the “four-new” Energy Engineering and “four transformations”
strategy, fully implement the “eight-character policy (八字方針)” of upholding principles, innovation, hard work
and responsibility, focus more on high-quality development and on strengthening and optimizing core businesses,
vigorously develop strategic emerging industries, accelerate the cultivation of new quality productive forces, advance
refined management in depth and fully achieve a perfect conclusion of the “14th Five-Year Plan”.
42




     SECTION III           Management Discussion and Analysis




     (V)    Other Disclosures
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     On 11 June 2024, the Board, in accordance with the relevant authorization, considered and approved the adjustment
     of the amount of proceeds under the plan for the issuance of A shares to specific subscribers to not more than
     RMB9.0 billion, and that the proceeds will be invested in China Energy Engineering Hami “Photovoltaic (Heat) Storage”
     Multi-energy Complementary Integrated Green Power Demonstration Project (中能建哈密「光(熱)儲」多能互補一體
     化綠電示範項目), Solar Thermal Power + Photovoltaic Power Integrated Project of China Energy Engineering Group
     Zhejiang Thermal Power Construction Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團浙江火電建設有限公司光熱+光伏一體化項目),
     Hubei Yingcheng 300MW Compressed Air Energy Storage Power Station Demonstration Project (湖北應城300MW級
     壓縮空氣儲能電站示範項目) and Uzbekistan Bash and Zankeldi Wind Power Project (烏茲別克斯坦巴什和贊克爾迪
     風電項目), other contents of the issuance plan remain unchanged. In view that the validity period of the resolutions
     and the Authorization related to the Issuance expired on 29 March 2025, and the matters related to the Issuance are
     still in progress, in order to ensure the continuing, effective and smooth performance of relevant work of the Issuance,
     on 28 March 2025, as considered and approved at the first extraordinary general meeting, the first A shareholders’
     class meeting and the first H shareholders’ class meeting of 2025 of the Company, the validity period of relevant
     resolutions related to the Issuance and the validity period of the Authorization were approved to be further extended
     for a period of 12 months, and the other contents of the Issuance plan will remain unchanged. In June 2025, the
     Company received the approval for registration from the CSRC. For details, please refer to the relevant circulars
     and announcements published on the Company’s website (www.ceec.net.cn), the website of the Shanghai Stock
     Exchange (www.sse.com.cn) as well as the HKExnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).
     The Board of the Company will, in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws, regulations and approval
     documents, as well as the authorization of the general meeting of the Company, handle the relevant matters of the
     issuance of A shares to specific subscribers within the prescribed time limit, and fulfill the obligation of information
     disclosure in a timely manner. Shareholders of the Company and potential investors are advised to invest rationally
     and pay attention to investment risks.
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                    43




SECTION IV CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY


I.         CHANGES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                          Information on the
 Name                   Position held                                                                     change

 Wu Yun                 Deputy General Manager                                                            Departed

 He Jiansheng           Non-employee Representative Supervisor and Chairman of the Board of Supervisors   Departed

 Mao Fengfu             Non-employee Representative Supervisor                                            Departed

 Zhao Lixin             Independent Non-executive Director, Member of the Nomination Committee,           Departed
                           Member of the Audit Committee and Member of the Supervisory Committee

 Li Lina                Chief Accountant                                                                  Departed

 Yin Qiang              Deputy General Manager                                                            Appointed

 Xu Lu                  Deputy General Manager                                                            Appointed

 Pei Zhenjiang          Independent Non-executive Director, Member of the Nomination Committee,           Elected
                           Member of the Audit Committee and Member of the Supervisory Committee

 Song Hailiang          Chairman of the Board, Executive Director, Chairman of the Strategy Committee,    Departed
                          Chairman of the Nomination Committee and Authorized Representative

 Ni Zhen                Vice Chairman of the Board, General Manager, Chairman of the Nomination           Elected as the chairman
                           Committee and Member of the Strategy Committee                                    of the Nomination
                                                                                                             Committee

 Chen Yong              Chief Accountant                                                                  Appointed



Explanation on changes of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

On 13 January 2025, as considered at the 42nd meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, Mr. Wu
Yun ceased to act as a deputy general manager of the Company as he had reached the statutory retirement age.
For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited on the Retirement
of Senior Management (Lin 2025-003) published on the website of Shanghai Stock Exchange on 14 January 2025
and the Announcement on the Retirement of Deputy General Manager published on the website of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange on 13 January 2025.

On 11 March 2025, the Board of Supervisors of the Company received written resignation reports from Mr. He
Jiansheng and Mr. Mao Fengfu, both the Supervisors of the Company. Due to age reason (retirement), Mr. He
Jiansheng tendered his resignation as a non-employee representative Supervisor of the Company and the chairman of
the Board of Supervisors, and Mr. Mao Fengfu tendered his resignation as a non-employee representative Supervisor
of the Company. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited on
the Resignation of Supervisors (Lin 2025-012) published on the website of Shanghai Stock Exchange on 12 March
2025 and the Announcement on the Resignation of Supervisors published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on 11 March 2025.
44




     SECTION IV           Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




     On 9 June 2025, as considered and approved at the 47th meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company,
     Ms. Li Lina resigned as the chief accountant of the Company due to change of work arrangement. Meanwhile,
     Mr. Yin Qiang and Mr. Xu Lu have been appointed as deputy general managers of the Company, with their terms
     of office commencing on the date of approval by the Board and ending upon the expiration of the term of office
     of the third session of the Board of the Company. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Energy
     Engineering Corporation Limited on the Change in Senior Management (Lin 2025-034) published on the website of
     Shanghai Stock Exchange on 10 June 2025 and the Announcement on the Change in Senior Management published
     on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 9 June 2025.

     On 24 June 2025, as considered at the 2024 annual general meeting of the Company, Mr. Pei Zhenjiang was
     appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company, and Mr. Zhao Lixin ceased to act as an
     independent non-executive Director and a member of each of the Audit Committee, the Supervisory Committee and
     the Nomination Committee due to his age, with effect from 24 June 2025. On the same day, as considered at the
     48th meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, Mr. Pei Zhenjiang was appointed as a member of
     each of the Nomination Committee, the Audit Committee and the Supervisory Committee, with his term of office
     commencing on the date of approval by the Board and ending upon the expiration of the term of office of the third
     session of the Board of the Company. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Energy Engineering
     Corporation Limited on the Change of Independent Non-executive Director of the Company (Announcement No.:
     2025-039) and Announcement on the Resolutions of the 48th Meeting of the Third Session of the Board of China
     Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (Lin 2025-040) published on the website of Shanghai Stock Exchange on
     25 June 2025 and the Announcement of Poll Voting Results of the Annual General Meeting for the Year 2024 Held
     on 24 June 2025, Profit Distribution Plan for the Year 2024 and Payment of Final Dividend, Change of Independent
     Non-executive Director and Change in Member of Board Committees published on the website of the Hong Kong
     Stock Exchange on 24 June 2025.

     On 30 June 2025, Mr. Song Hailiang resigned from his positions as the chairman of the third session of the Board, an
     executive Director, the chairman of the Strategy Committee and the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the
     Company, etc. due to work adjustment. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Energy Engineering
     Corporation Limited on the Change of Chairman of the Board (Lin 2025-041) published on the website of Shanghai
     Stock Exchange on 1 July 2025 and the Announcement on the Resignation of Chairman of the Board, Executive
     Director and Authorised Representative published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 30 June 2025.

     On 14 July 2025, as considered at the 49th meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, Mr. Ni Zhen
     was appointed as the chairman of the Nomination Committee, and Mr. Chen Yong was appointed as the chief
     accountant of the Company, with their terms of office commencing on the date of approval by the Board and ending
     upon the expiration of the term of office of the third session of the Board of the Company. For details, please refer
     to the Announcement on the Resolutions of the 49th Meeting of the Third Session of the Board of Directors of China
     Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (Lin 2025-042) published on the website of Shanghai Stock Exchange on
     15 July 2025 and the announcement on the Change in Member of Board Committee and Appointment of the Chief
     Accountant published on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 14 July 2025.
                                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     45




                      SECTION IV                 Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




II.     PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR PLAN ON CONVERSION OF CAPITAL RESERVES INTO SHARE
        CAPITAL
Proposed profit distribution scheme and plan on conversion of capital reserves into share
capital for the interim period
 Any distribution or transfer                                                                                                                  No

 Number of bonus shares to be distributed for every ten shares (shares)                                                                         –

 Amount of dividends to be distributed for every ten shares (RMB) (inclusive of tax)                                                            –

 Number of shares to be transferred into share capital for every ten shares (shares)                                                            –

                           Explanation on profit distribution or plan on conversion of capital reserves into share capital

 Article 33 of the Measures for the Administration of Securities Offerings and Underwritings stipulates that “where a listed company with a plan
 for issuance of securities has any profit distribution plan or plan to convert capital reserve into share capital proposal which has not yet been
 submitted to the general meeting for voting, or when such plan has been approved by the general meeting but has not been implemented yet,
 the issuance of securities should be proceeded after such plan has been implemented. Before relevant plan is implemented, the lead underwriter
 shall not underwrite the securities issued by the listed company”. Given that the Company is currently promoting the implementation of the
 issuance of A shares to specific subscribers, in order to ensure the timely progress of the issuance, the Board of Directors has decided not to
 implement the interim dividend distribution for the year.



III.    INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANY’S SHARE INCENTIVE PLAN, EMPLOYEE STOCK
        OWNERSHIP PLAN OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE MEASURES AND IMPACTS THEREOF
(I)     Remuneration Policy
The Company continued to deepen the reform, innovation and upgrading of the remuneration distribution system
and mechanism, endeavoured to build a remuneration distribution and performance management system with
external competitiveness and internal fairness, and strengthened the support of remuneration distribution for the
Company’s development strategy and the incentive guarantee for various talents. The Company adhered to the
simultaneous linkage between salary and benefits, established and improved the mechanism for determining total
salary and the normal growth mechanism for employees’ salaries, and further increased support for technological
innovation, high-end talents and strategic emerging industries. The Company emphasized the value-creation
orientation, implemented the basic salary system mainly based on job performance wages, adhered to the principle
of “Deserving More in Four Aspects”, and continuously improved the scientificity and accuracy of performance
appraisal. The remuneration distribution is fully tilted towards core positions, outstanding talents and employees in
risky positions on the frontier production line. The Company made every effort to build a new type of responsibility
system for operation, implemented the tenure system and contractual management, rigid assessment, rigid fulfillment
and rigid exit in a high-quality and comprehensive manner, consolidated the operation responsibilities of enterprises
at all levels as the “leading geese”, and strengthened strong incentives and constraints for leaders and cadres at all
levels of enterprises. The Company also deeply promoted the “3+2” medium- and long-term incentives, implemented
various forms of equity and dividend incentive mechanisms, strengthened the sharing of benefits and risks among
employees, effectively promoted the transformation of salary distribution toward a sharing system, and enhanced
the incentive effectiveness of remuneration distribution.
46




     SECTION IV            Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




     Pursuant to the requirements of the relevant policies of the SASAC of the State Council, the Company determined the
     remuneration of the Directors based on the remuneration standards of the listed state-owned peers in the industry.
     Among which, the remuneration of the chairman of the Board of the Company is based on the remuneration
     standards stipulated by the SASAC of the State Council, the remuneration of the executive Directors who are also
     senior management is based on the results of their performance appraisal and the relevant regulatory requirements
     on remuneration.

     (II)    Equity Incentive Policy
     On 21 November 2016, the Company considered and approved the restricted share incentive scheme at its 2016
     first extraordinary general meeting, the details of which are as follows:

     The Shareholders of the Company approved and adopted the restricted share incentive scheme of the Company
     (the “Scheme”) at the 2016 first extraordinary general meeting held on 21 November 2016. The main terms of the
     Scheme are summarized as follows:

     1.      Purpose
     The purpose of the Scheme is to further optimize the corporate governance structure, to develop and constantly
     improve the interests balance mechanism among the Shareholders, the operational and executive management, to
     closely align the interests and benefits of and risks sharing among the Shareholders, the Company and the employees
     in order to maximize the proactiveness of the senior management and key employees and to support the realization
     of the Company’s strategy and sustainable development. The Scheme will also serve to attract, retain and motivate
     valuable management and key business employees to foster the long-term development of the Company.

     2.      Scope of Scheme Participants
     The Scheme Participants shall include the Directors, senior management and core technical and management
     personnel who, as determined by the Board, contribute directly to the overall business performance and sustainable
     development of the Company. The participation in the Scheme of the Directors and senior management, who are
     under the administration of the party committee of the SASAC, is subject to the approval of the SASAC. The Scheme
     Participants shall exclude the Shareholders who hold more than 5% equity interest in the Company carrying voting
     rights on the Grant Date of Restricted Shares. The assessment result of the Scheme Participant shall achieve grade
     C (competent or above) according to the related measures for performance appraisal of the Company.

     A person shall not be considered as a Scheme Participant under the Scheme if he/she:

     (i)     is neither an employee or a staff of the Company;

     (ii)    is an independent Director or supervisor of the Company;

     (iii)   has been publicly censured or declared as an ineligible candidate by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in the
             last three years;
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        47




                 SECTION IV            Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




(iv)   has been imposed with administrative penalties by the CSRC during the last three years due to material
       noncompliance of laws or regulations;

(v)    is prohibited from acting as a director or a member of the senior management of a company as required by
       the Company Law; or

(vi)   is committed to other material non-compliance of the Company’s policy as determined by the Board.

The Scheme Participants shall not concurrently participate in two or more share incentive schemes of the listed
companies. The list of Scheme Participants shall be proposed by the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of
the Company, considered and approved by the Board, and verified by the Board of Supervisors.

Pursuant to the Scheme, the Board shall select the Scheme Participants and determine the number of Restricted Shares
to be granted. The Company will appoint an agent to purchase the H Shares from the secondary market and the grant
price shall be payable by the Scheme Participants. The following statements regarding Shares all refer to H Shares.

3.     Maximum grant of Shares
The maximum total number of Shares comprised in the Restricted Shares to be granted under the Scheme shall
not exceed 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at the date of approval of the Scheme at the
extraordinary general meeting, i.e. 3,002,039,636.4 Shares.

4.     Maximum Shares to be obtained by the Scheme Participants
Unless approval is obtained at the Shareholders’ general meeting by way of special resolution, the total number of
Restricted Shares granted or to be granted to any Scheme Participant shall not exceed 1% of the total issued share
capital of the Company as at the date of approval of the Scheme at the extraordinary general meeting.

5.     Lock-up Period and Unlocking Period
(i)    Lock-up Period
In principle, the Lock-up Period shall be for a period of not less than two years commencing from the Grant Date,
during which the Restricted Shares granted to the Scheme Participants shall be locked up and shall not be transferred
nor used as guarantee or for repayment of debts.

(ii)   Unlocking Period
In principle, the Unlocking Period shall be for a period of not less than three years commencing from the expiry of
the Lock-up Period.
48




     SECTION IV            Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




     6.     Time of acceptance of Incentive Shares
     On 21 November 2016, as considered and approved at the extraordinary general meeting, 287,500,000 Restricted
     Shares were granted to 542 selected Scheme Participants; according to the resolution of the Board on 22 November
     2018, 83.994 million Restricted Shares of 481 Scheme Participants met the unlocking conditions of the first unlocking
     period and were allowed to be unlocked; on 21 November 2019, the Board resolved that the Restricted Shares under
     the second unlocking period were not allowed to be unlocked due to failure to satisfy the unlocking conditions. On
     30 June 2020, the Board resolved that due to the Company’s failure to meet the performance appraisal conditions
     for the third unlocking period in 2019, the Company transferred the Restricted Shares of the Company that were
     held by Scheme Participants and supposed to be unlocked for the third unlocking period of the Scheme back to the
     entrusted management agency at the grant price.

     7.     Pricing basis of grant price
     The grant price of the Restricted Shares to be granted to the Scheme Participants shall be determined by the Board.
     The base date for the pricing basis of grant price is the Grant Date. The pricing basis of the grant price shall be the
     higher of the following:

     (i)    the closing price of the H Shares as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the Grant Date; and

     (ii)   the average closing price of the H Shares as quoted on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for the five trading
            days immediately preceding the Grant Date.

     8.     Duration of the Scheme
     The Scheme shall be effective until 20 November 2026 commencing from the Adoption Date, unless early termination
     is proposed by the Board and approved by the Shareholders. Unless otherwise required, the Restricted Shares granted
     before the termination of the Scheme shall remain effective and could be unlocked according to the requirements
     of the Scheme.

     9.     Purchase of Restricted Shares by the Company


     All Restricted Shares granted to the Scheme Participants which have not been unlocked or are lapsed can be purchased
     by the Company pursuant to the relevant rules of the Scheme at the lower of the grant price or the prevailing market
     price upon the expiry of the Unlocking Period or on the lapse date of the Restricted Shares, and the relevant Scheme
     Participant shall give up all corresponding dividends thereof.
                                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                 2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              49




                         SECTION IV                   Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




On 21 November 2016 (the “Grant Date”), the Company reviewed and approved the initial grant of the restricted share
incentive proposal pursuant to the restricted share incentive scheme at its 2016 first extraordinary general meeting.
287,500,000 Restricted Shares, representing approximately 0.96% of the issued share capital of the Company as at
the Grant Date, were granted to 542 selected Scheme Participants, including senior management and core technical
and management personnel of the Company who have, as determined by the Board, contributed directly to the
overall business performance and sustainable development of the Company. The Directors and senior management
under the administration of the party committee of the SASAC did not participate in the Initial Grant. The grant price
is HK$0.66 per Share, determined according to 60% of the pricing basis. According to the resolution of the Board
on 22 November 2018, 83.994 million Restricted Shares of 481 participants met the unlocking conditions of the first
unlocking period and were allowed to be unlocked; on 21 November 2019, the Board resolved that the Restricted
Shares under the second unlocking period were not allowed to be unlocked due to failure to satisfy the unlocking
conditions. On 30 June 2020, the Board resolved that due to the Company’s failure to meet the performance appraisal
conditions for the third unlocking period in 2019, the Company transferred the 87.162 million Restricted Shares of
the Company that are held by 479 Scheme Participants and should be unlocked for the third unlocking period of
the Scheme back to the entrusted management agency at the grant price. For the six months ended 30 June 2025,
according to the Scheme, no Restricted Share has been granted, lapsed or cancelled, nor was there Restricted Share
granted but unlocked under the Scheme.

For details of main terms of the Scheme and the grant of Incentive Shares, please refer to the circular of the Company
dated 6 October 2016 and the announcements of the Company dated 27 July 2016, 21 November 2016, 16 November
2018, 21 November 2019 and 30 June 2020, respectively.

As at 30 June 2025, the Incentive Shares granted under the Scheme and the changes are as follows:

                                                                                                                         Lapsed/
                                                                                            Number                  repurchased                     Number
                                            Number of                                      of Shares     Granted/         by the                  of Shares
                                             Restricted                                 granted but        vested      Company      Cancelled   granted but
                                        Shares granted                                  unlocked as    during the     during the   during the   unlocked as
 Name and class of                           under the    Date of                       at 1 January    Reporting      Reporting    Reporting    at 30 June
 grantee             Grant Date                Scheme     unlocking       Grant price          2025        Period         Period       Period         2025

 Employees           21 November 2016     287,500,000     Note            HK$0.66 per             –            –              –            –             –
                                                                            Share

 Total               –                    287,500,000     –               –                       –            –              –            –             –


Note:    All granted Restricted Shares have a locking period of two years from the Grant Date, the unlocking period under the
         Initial Grant shall be the three years subsequent to the date immediately following the expiry of the Lock-up Period under
         the Initial Grant. If the unlocking conditions stipulated under the scheme of Initial Grant have been fulfilled during the
         unlocking period, the Restricted Shares shall be unlocked in three phases:
50




     SECTION IV                 Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




                                                                                                                               Proportion of
      Unlocking arrangement        Time of unlocking                                                                        unlocking shares

      First unlocking period       From the first trading day after 24 months from the Grant Date to the last trading day              33%
                                      within 36 months from the Grant Date

      Second unlocking period      From the first trading day after 36 months from the Grant Date to the last trading day              33%
                                      within 48 months from the Grant Date

      Third unlocking period       From the first trading day after 48 months from the Grant Date to the last trading day              34%
                                      within 60 months from the Grant Date



     (III)   Related Equity Incentive Matters Which Were Disclosed in the Temporary
             Announcements and With No Progress or Change in Subsequent Implementation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (IV) Incentives Which Were Not Disclosed in the Temporary Announcements or with
          Subsequent Progress
     Information on share incentive
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     Other explanation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     Information on employee stock ownership plan
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     Other incentive measures
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     IV.     ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION OF LISTED COMPANIES AND THEIR MAIN
             SUBSIDIARIES INCLUDED IN THE LIST OF ENTERPRISES REQUIRED TO DISCLOSE
             ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     Other Explanation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          51




                  SECTION IV            Corporate Governance, Environment and Society




V.     DETAILS OF THE CONSOLIDATION AND EXPANSION OF THE ACHIEVEMENTS IN
       POVERTY ALLEVIATION AND RURAL REVITALIZATION
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

In the first half of 2025, the Company implemented the work arrangements of the National Administration for
Rural Revitalization and the SASAC of the State Council. Leveraging advantages in capital, technology, talent and
industrial resources, the Company adopted localized approaches and multiple measures to advance the assistance
for Xinjiang and Tibet as well as targeted assistance initiatives, solidly and deeply advanced targeted assistance
initiatives, dedicated to consolidate the poverty alleviation achievements, and comprehensively promoted the “five
revitalizations”. Firstly, the management of the Company conducted research and visited counties under targeted
assistance and pairing support programs, and organized symposiums on rural revitalization, targeted assistance and
pairing support. Secondly, the Company completed the 2024 assessment and classification of targeted assistance
results by the superior level, and received the highest “excellent” rating from the Central Rural Work Leading Group
for four consecutive years. Thirdly, the Company scientifically formulated the 2025 plans for targeted assistance,
pairing support and consumption-driven assistance to coordinate all initiatives. Fourthly, the Company organized
and participated in SASAC’s special meetings on assistance for Xinjiang and Tibet, rural revitalization and central
enterprises’ assistance for Jiangxi. Fifthly, the Company systematically advanced the construction of key projects in
pairing assistance for Tibet and targeted assistance. Sixthly, the Company deepened consumption-driven assistance
through organizing and carrying out the “Spring Consumption Assistance Initiative”. Seventhly, the Company
summarized typical practices, with our exemplary cases of targeted assistance included in the Blue Paper on Central
Enterprises’ Support for Rural Revitalization (2024) of the SASAC of the State Council and the excellent case of state-
owned enterprises benchmarking value creation action of world-leading enterprises. The assistance for Xinjiang and
Tibet as well as targeted assistance of the Company have maintained highest rating from the Central Rural Work
Leading Group for four consecutive years.
52




     SECTION V SIGNIFICANT EVENTS


     I.         FULFILLMENT OF COMMITMENTS
     (I)        Undertakings During or Sustained in the Reporting Period by Actual Controller,
                Shareholders, Related Parties, Acquirers, the Company and Other Relevant Parties
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                             If not        If not
                                                                                                                                                                                             performed     performed
                                                                                                                                                                                Whether      timely,       timely,
                                                                                                                                      Is there any                              it is timely specify the   specify
      Undertaking                                                                             Details of                              period of                                 and strictly reasons in    further
      background           Type of undertaking             Undertaking party                  undertaking   Undertaking date          implementation Undertaking period         implemented details        plans

                           Non-competition undertakings    Energy China Group                 Note 1        19 March 2021             No              Long term                 Yes

                           Non-competition undertakings    Energy China Group                 Note 2        23 July 2021 and          Yes             31 December 2025          Yes
                                                                                                              23 November 2023

                           Others                          Energy China Group, China Reform   Note 3        19 March 2021             No              Long term                 Yes
                                                             Holdings

      Undertakings         Others                          All Directors and senior           Note 4        19 March 2021             No              Long term                 Yes
        related to                                            management of the Company
        material asset
                           Others                          Energy China Group                 Note 5        19 March 2021             No              Long term                 Yes
        reorganization
        (note 10)          Resolving related party         Energy China Group                 Note 6        19 March 2021             No              Long term                 Yes
                              transactions

                           Others                          Energy China Group                 Note 7        19 March 2021             No              Long term                 Yes

                           Others                          Energy China Group                 Note 8        2 July and 26 July 2021   No              Long term                 Yes

                           Resolving defects in property   Energy China Group                 Note 9        2 July 2021               No              Long term                 Yes
                              rights such as land

                           Others                          The Company, Energy China Group    Note 11       29 July 2022              No              Long term                 Yes

                           Non-competition undertakings    The Company, Energy China Group    Note 12       29 July 2022              No              5 January 2023 – long term Yes
      Other undertakings
                           Resolving related party         The Company, Energy China Group    Note 13       29 July 2022              No              Long term                 Yes
                              transactions
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED           2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                      53




                                                                           SECTION V               Significant Events




Note 1: As of the date of the letter of undertaking, there is no substantial horizontal competition between Beijing Power
        Construction, Shanxi No. 2 Electric Power and EPPE, the controlling subsidiaries of the undertaking party, and the
        Company. Also, the undertaking party and the enterprises under its control (except the Company and its subsidiaries,
        hereinafter the same) will not engage in any form of business or activity that constitutes or may constitute competition
        with the main business of the Company and its subsidiaries. The undertaking party and the enterprises under its control
        will not, separately or jointly with others, engage in any form of business or activity that constitutes or may constitute
        competition with the main business of the Company and its subsidiaries (including but not limited to investment, mergers
        and acquisitions, associates, joint ventures, cooperation, partnership, contracting or leasing operations, and purchasing
        shares of listed companies) within and outside China. If there is any new business opportunity that constitutes or may
        constitute a direct or indirect competitive relationship with the main business of the Company and its subsidiaries, the
        undertaking party shall immediately report it to the Company in writing within the scope of reasonable practicability, and
        procure to offer the business opportunity to the Company and its subsidiaries in priority on reasonable and fair terms
        and conditions.

Note 2: The undertaking party has entrusted Beijing Power Construction to China Gezhouba Group Company Limited (中國
        葛洲壩集團有限公司) for operation and management, and has undertaken that before 31 December 2023, it will, in
        accordance with the requirements of regulatory authorities, under the premise of complying with the applicable laws and
        regulations and relevant regulatory rules at that time, and in the principle of being conducive to the development of the
        Company and safeguarding the interests of shareholders, comprehensively use equity transfer, asset restructuring, business
        adjustment and other methods to steadily advance and solve the business overlap between Beijing Power Construction
        and Energy China. The controlling shareholder coordinated with the Company to promote a time-bound settlement of
        relevant undertaking matters regarding business overlap from various aspects. However, up to November 2023, Beijing
        Power Construction did not yet fulfill the conditions of completely resolving the business overlap issues such as transfer
        to a third party, acquisition by the Company or withdrawn. The undertaking party changed the original undertakings
        on 22 November 2023, extended the period of completion of the original undertakings from 31 December 2023 to 31
        December 2025, and other contents of the original undertakings remained unchanged.

Note 3: After the expiry of the lock-up period of the shares held by the undertaking parties, (1) if the shares are reduced through
        centralized bidding transactions, the total number of shares reduced within any consecutive 90 days shall not exceed
        1% of the total number of shares of the Company; (2) if the shares are reduced through block transactions, the total
        number of shares reduced in any consecutive 90 days shall not exceed 2% of the total number of shares of Energy China.
        In case of reduction through centralized bidding transaction, the reduction plan shall be filed with the stock exchange
        and announced prior to the 15th trading days after the first trading of the shares of the Company, and the progress of
        reduction shall be disclosed in accordance with laws, regulations and the provisions of the stock exchange. If the shares
        are reduced through transfer by agreement and the reduction results in the Company being no longer the controlling
        shareholder or not holding more than 5% shares of the Company, the undertaking parties shall continue to abide by the
        provisions of the undertakings within 6 months after the reduction. If the undertaking parties reduce the shares through
        the transfer by agreement and causes the undertaking party to be no longer the controlling shareholder or not holding
        more than 5% shares of Energy China, the undertaking parties shall continue to abide by the provisions of articles (1)
        and (2) of these undertakings within 6 months after the reduction.

Note 4: The undertaking parties undertake to perform their duties faithfully and diligently, to safeguard the legitimate rights
        and interests of the Company and all the shareholders. The undertaking parties undertake that they will not harm the
        Company’s interests by tunnelling to other units or individuals free of charge or unfairly; they will restrict the position
        related consumption; they will not use the Company’s assets for investment or consumption that are unrelated with the
        performance of their duties; the remuneration policies formulated by the Board or the Remuneration and Assessment
        Committee will be linked with the implementation of the Company’s replenishment measures; the conditions for exercising
        the share incentives will be linked with the implementation of the Company’s replenishment measures in the event of
        implementation of share incentives; if the CSRC promulgates new regulations on replenishment measures and their
        commitments, the undertaking parties will issue supplementary commitments.
54




     SECTION V              Significant Events




     Note 5: The undertaking party undertakes not to interfere with the operation and management activities of the Company, nor
             encroach on the interests of the Company, and to effectively implement the relevant replenishment measures formulated
             by the Company and the relevant commitments.

     Note 6: The undertaking party tries to avoid and reduce related party transactions with the Company. For related party transactions
             that are unavoidable or occur for reasonable reasons, the undertaking party will enter into the standardized related party
             transaction agreement according to the laws, conduct transactions at fair and reasonable market prices, and perform
             decision-making procedures and information disclosure obligations of related party transaction. The undertaking party
             undertakes not to harm the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and other non-related shareholders of the
             Company through related party transactions. The undertaking party will urge the enterprises controlled by it, other than
             the Company, to comply with the above undertakings.

     Note 7: The undertaking party undertakes to maintain the independence of the Company, and ensure the independence of the
             personnel, assets, businesses, finance and organization of the Company. The undertaking party undertakes to ensure that
             the appointment of the senior management of the Company follows legal procedures; the labor, personnel, social security
             system and wage management, etc. of the Company are completely independent of the undertaking party and other
             enterprises controlled by it; all assets of the Company are under the control of the Company and are independently owned
             and operated by the Company; it will not interfere with the asset management of the Company or occupy the Company’s
             funds and assets; the Company has independent business, conducts business activities independently, signs external
             contracts and conducts business independently, implements independent accounting for operation and management,
             independently assumes responsibilities and risks, and has the ability to operate independently and continuously in the
             market; the Company independently makes financial decisions, and independently makes tax declarations and fulfills
             tax obligations in accordance with the laws; the Company independently establishes corporate governance structure
             and internal management organization, and independently exercises its respective functions and powers; there is no
             confusion between the operation and management organization of the Company and the undertaking party and other
             enterprise operation organizations under its control.

     Note 8: The undertaking party guarantees that the Company and its subsidiaries have the business system related to operation and
             relevant independent and complete assets, and guarantees not to illegally occupy the Company’s funds and assets in any
             way, nor use the Company’s assets as the guarantee for debt violations of the undertaking party and other enterprises
             controlled by it.

     Note 9: If there are actual losses due to the ownership of the land use rights and real estate assets held before the absorption
             and merger, or the Company and its subsidiaries have incurred expenses, loss of assets or compensation due to the
             operation of defective land use rights and real estate after the completion of the absorption and merger, the undertaking
             party will bear the relevant costs, financial compensation or indemnity.

     Note 10: The full text of the above undertakings is available in the Report of the Absorption and Merger of China Gezhouba
              Group Stock Company Limited Through Share Swap by China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited and Related Party
              Transactions published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn).

     Note 11: The undertaking parties undertake to safeguard the independence of Nanling Industry Explosive, and maintain asset
              independence, personnel independence, financial independence, institutional independence and business independence
              with Nanling Industry Explosive; undertake to strictly comply with the regulations of the CSRC on the independence of
              listed companies and not to use its controlling position to violate the standard operating procedures of Nanling Industry
              Explosive, no to interfere with the operating decisions of Nanling Industry Explosive, nor harm the legitimate rights and
              interests of Nanling Industry Explosive and other shareholders.
                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                           55




                                                                              SECTION V               Significant Events




Note 12: There is certain overlap between the mine construction general contracting business or blasting operation related business
         currently undertaken by the subsidiaries of the undertaking parties and Nanling Industry Explosive’s main business,
         and the undertaking parties undertake to use Nanling Industry Explosive as its sole platform for implementing mine
         construction general contracting and blasting operation related business in the future. As for Ningxia Tianchang Civil
         Explosive Equipment Co., Ltd. (寧夏天長民爆器材有限責任公司) and Liaoyuan Zhuoli Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (遼源卓力
         化工有限責任公司), in which the Company’s subsidiaries hold equity interests, the Company will coordinate with those
         subsidiaries to appoint Nanling Industry Explosive and/or its subsidiaries under effective control to take over the shares of
         these companies on their behalf; and the undertaking parties shall, within five years from the date of issuance and listing
         of the shares of Nanling Industry Explosive acquired by Gezhouba through the Transaction, eliminate competition by
         cancelling and shutting down of Ningxia Tianchang Civil Explosive Equipment Co., Ltd. (寧夏天長民爆器材有限責任公司)
         and Liaoyuan Zhuoli Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (遼源卓力化工有限責任公司) or transferring their shares to Nanling Industry
         Explosive and/or its subsidiaries under effective control, or to third parties not related to the undertaking parties. If, as a
         result of the further expansion of the business scope of the Company or the enterprises controlled by the Company, or
         the further expansion of the business scope of Nanling Industry Explosive, the enterprises controlled by the undertaking
         parties compete with the main business of Nanling Industry Explosive, the undertaking parties will actively negotiate with
         Nanling Industry Explosive to adopt measures including, but not limited to, stopping other enterprises controlled by the
         undertaking parties from producing or operating the competing business, or to incorporate competing businesses into
         Nanling Industry Explosive, or to transfer competing businesses to unaffiliated third parties, or to adopt other solutions,
         to avoid competing with Nanling Industry Explosive. And if the undertaking parties or any enterprise under its control
         become aware of any new business opportunity that constitutes or may constitute direct or indirect competition with the
         main business of Nanling Industry Explosive and the enterprises under its control, it shall notify Nanling Industry Explosive
         in writing as far as reasonably practicable and cause such business opportunity to be offered to Nanling Industry Explosive
         and the enterprises under its control on reasonable and fair terms and conditions.

Note 13: The undertaking parties undertake that they and the enterprises under their control will minimize the occurrence of related
         party transactions with Nanling Industry Explosive and the enterprises under their control. In the event of unavoidable
         or reasonably justifiable related party transactions, the undertaking parties and other enterprises under their control will
         enter into agreements with Nanling Industry Explosive and the enterprises under its control based on the principles of
         fairness, equity and equitability in accordance with the laws. The transaction price will be determined at a reasonable
         price recognized by the market, and the transaction approval procedures and information disclosure obligations will be
         fulfilled in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents. The undertaking parties will perform
         the decision-making procedures of the related party transactions in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and
         other regulatory documents and the provisions of the Articles of Association of Nanling Industry Explosive and the
         decision-making system of the related party transactions, make timely information disclosure, and not to damage the
         legitimate rights and interests of Nanling Industry Explosive and other shareholders of Nanling Industry Explosive through
         the related party transactions; The Company will exercise corresponding rights and undertake corresponding obligations
         in accordance with Nanling Industry Explosive’s Articles of Association and will not use its status as a related party to
         obtain improper benefits. The undertaking parties will not use the related party transactions to illegally transfer the funds
         and profits of Nanling Industry Explosive, nor will the undertaking party illegally occupy the funds of Nanling Industry
         Explosive by borrowing, repaying debts, advancing money on behalf of the undertaking parties or in any other way, nor
         will the undertaking parties require Nanling Industry Explosive and the enterprises under its control to provide guarantees
         in violation of the law for the undertaking parties and enterprises under their control. The Company will not harm the
         legitimate rights and interests of Nanling Industry Explosive and other shareholders of Nanling Industry Explosive.
56




     SECTION V           Significant Events




     II.    NON-OPERATING APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS BY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
            OTHER RELATED PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     III.   ILLEGAL GUARANTEES
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     IV.    AUDIT OF INTERIM REPORT
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     IV.    AUDITING OF THE INTERIM REPORT
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     V.     CHANGES AND HANDLING OF MATTERS INVOLVED IN NON-STANDARD AUDIT
            OPINIONS IN THE ANNUAL REPORT OF LAST YEAR
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     VI.    MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     VII.   MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION
     □ There existed material litigation and arbitration during the Reporting Period

     3 No material litigation and arbitration occurred during the Reporting Period


     VIII. SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY, PUNISHMENT ON AND
           RECTIFICATION OF THE LISTED COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR
           MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         57




                                                                    SECTION V            Significant Events




IX.    EXPLANATION ON THE CREDIT CONDITIONS OF THE COMPANY, ITS CONTROLLING
       SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


X.     MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, Energy China Group was the controlling shareholder of the Company, and Asset
Management Company, Financial Leasing Company, Fund Company and Factoring Company were the subsidiaries
of the controlling shareholder, all of which are related parties (i.e. connected persons) under Chapter 14A of the
Hong Kong Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules.

During the Reporting Period, the Company also conducted statistics on related party transactions under the accounting
standards. For details, please refer to financial statement Note XIV “Related Parties and Related Party Transactions”.
Among them, the statistics on the transactions with the controlling shareholder and fellow subsidiaries include the
connected transactions between the Company and the controlling shareholder and its associates under the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. Save for the connected transactions described in this section, there are
no other related party transactions that constitute connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
the SSE Listing Rules.

Except for the connected transactions with the aforesaid connected persons described in this section, there are no
other connected transactions that need to be disclosed in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing
Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. All the connected transactions conducted by the Company during the Reporting
Period comply with the relevant disclosure requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules.

During the Reporting Period, the continuing connected transactions of the Company included six connected
transactions under the continuing connected transactions framework agreements, namely, the Daily Production and
Operation Services Framework Agreement with Energy China Group, the Property Lease Framework Agreement
with Energy China Group, the Financial Services Framework Agreement between Finance Company and Energy
China Group, the Financial Leasing Service Framework Agreement with Financial Leasing Company, the Private Fund
Service Framework Agreement with Fund Company and the Commercial Factoring Service Framework Agreement
with Factoring Company.
58




     SECTION V          Significant Events




     (I)   Related Party Transactions in Relation to Ordinary Operations
     1.    Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in subsequent
           implementation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     2.    Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with progress or change in subsequent
           implementation
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     (1)   Continuing connected transactions of daily production and operation services with Energy China
           Group. As considered and approved at the twenty-eighth meeting of the third session of the Board of
           the Company, the Company and Energy China Group entered into the Daily Production and Operation
           Framework Agreement 2024-2026 on 27 October 2023, and made announcements on the Shanghai Stock
           Exchange and Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It came into effect after consideration and approval at the 2023
           second extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 12 December 2023. Pursuant to the agreement,
           the Company and Energy China Group and its subsidiaries will provide each other with daily production and
           operation services, including project survey and design, planning and consulting, labor services, integrated
           information services, construction, installation and other daily services related to the principal businesses
           from 2024 to 2026. The annual cap of fee for services provided to the Company by Energy China Group and
           its subsidiaries is RMB0.9 billion; the annual cap of fee for services provided to Energy China Group and its
           subsidiaries by the Company is RMB0.9 billion. The relevant service charges shall be based on the relevant
           quota standards of China and the industry, as well as the relevant fees charged by independent third-party
           manufacturers.

           In the first half of 2025, the total fee for services provided to the Company by Energy China Group and its
           subsidiaries was RMB97 million; the total fee for services provided to Energy China Group and its subsidiaries
           by the Company was RMB79 million.

     (2)   Continuing connected transactions of property lease. As considered and approved at the twenty-eighth
           meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, the Company and Energy China Group entered
           into the Property Lease Framework Agreement 2024-2026 on 27 October 2023, and made announcements
           on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It came into effect after consideration
           and approval at the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 12 December 2023.
           Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will lease relevant properties from Energy China Group and its
           subsidiaries from 2024 to 2026 and the annual cap for lease amounts is RMB500 million. The relevant rental
           pricing shall be determined fairly and reasonably with reference to the relevant laws and regulations and local
           market value, as well as historical rental.

           In the first half of 2025, the actual rents of the Company’s leased properties from Energy China Group and
           its subsidiaries amounted to RMB36 million.
                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                               59




                                                            SECTION V          Significant Events




3.      Events not disclosed in the temporary announcements
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(II)    Related Party Transactions from Acquisition of Assets and Acquisition and Disposal or
        Equity Interests
1.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in subsequent
        implementation
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

2.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with progress or change in subsequent
        implementation
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

3.      Events not disclosed in the temporary announcements
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

4.      If agreement upon performance is involved, the performance achievements during the Reporting
        Period shall be disclosed
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(III)   Material Related Party Transactions on the Joint External Investment
1.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in subsequent
        implementation
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

2.      Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with progress or change in subsequent
        implementation
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

3.      Events not disclosed in the temporary announcements
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
60




     SECTION V            Significant Events




     (IV) Claims and Liabilities between Related Parties
     1.     Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with no progress or change in subsequent
            implementation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     2.     Events disclosed in the temporary announcements and with progress or change in subsequent
            implementation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     3.     Events not disclosed in the temporary announcements
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (V)    Financial Business between the Company and Related Financial Companies, Holding
            Financial Companies and Related Parties
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     As considered and approved at the twenty-eighth meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, Finance
     Company, a subsidiary of the Company, and Energy China Group entered into the Financial Services Framework
     Agreement 2024-2026 on 27 October 2023, and made announcements on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and Hong
     Kong Stock Exchange. It came into effect after consideration and approval at the 2023 second extraordinary general
     meeting of the Company on 12 December 2023. Pursuant to the agreement, Finance Company will provide deposit
     and credit guarantee financial services to Energy China Group and its subsidiaries from 2024 to 2026, of which,
     the maximum daily credit balance limit provided by Finance Company to Energy China Group and its subsidiaries
     is RMB3.89 billion (inclusive); and the maximum fees charged by Finance Company for provision of other financial
     services to Energy China Group and its subsidiaries shall not exceed RMB30 million. Among them, the interest rates
     and rates for credit services shall be determined in accordance with the floating range of loan interest rates with the
     same type and term stipulated by PBOC with reference to the interest rates of major domestic commercial banks
     for the loans with the same type and term, and shall be no less favorable than the interest rate and rate of similar
     credit services offered by Finance Company to the Company under the same conditions.

     In the first half of 2025, the maximum daily credit balance provided by Finance Company to Energy China Group and
     its subsidiaries was RMB3.673 billion; Finance Company charged RMB19,600 for other financial services provided to
     Energy China Group and its subsidiaries.
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                61




                                                                                     SECTION V               Significant Events




1.       Deposit business
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                              Amount for
                                                                                                           the current period

                                                                                                             Total         Total
                                                                                                          amount        amount
                                                               Daily          Deposit                 deposited in     drawn in
                                                          maximum        interest rate       Opening the current     the current      Closing
 Related party                Related relationship      deposit limit           range         balance      period         period      balance

 Energy China Group and its   Controlling shareholder
   subsidiaries                 and fellow subsidiary       3,319,480 0.36%-2.75%        2,947,832      18,714,888   18,751,982    2,910,738

 Total                        /                                      /               /   2,947,832      18,714,888   18,751,982    2,910,738


2.       Loan business
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                              Amount for
                                                                                                           the current period

                                                                                                              Total        Total
                                                                                                           amount       amount
                                                                                                         granted in recovered in
                                                                         Loan interest       Opening    the current the current       Closing
 Related party                Related relationship          Loan limit     rate range         balance        period       period      balance

 Energy China Group and its   Controlling shareholder
   subsidiaries                 and fellow subsidiary       3,890,000    2.3%-3.45%      3,552,900       2,858,089    2,964,089    3,446,900

 Total                        /                                      /               /   3,552,900       2,858,089    2,964,089    3,446,900


3.       Credit business or other financial business
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
 Related party                       Related relationship            Business type                         Total amount         Actual amount

 Energy China Group and its          Controlling shareholder and     Other credit business
   subsidiaries                        fellow subsidiary                                                        225,854               86,396

 Total                               /                               /                                          225,854               86,396
62




     SECTION V          Significant Events




     4.    Other explanation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (VI) Other Material Related Party Transactions
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     1.    Continuing connected transactions of accepting financial leasing services. As considered and approved
           at the twenty-eighth meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, the Company and Financial
           Leasing Company renewed the Financial Leasing Service Framework Agreement 2024-2026 on 27 October
           2023, and made announcements on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It
           came into effect after the approval at the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company on
           12 December 2023. Pursuant to the agreement, from 2024 to 2026, Financial Leasing Company will provide
           various types of financial leasing services to the Group, including direct lease, sale and leaseback services as
           well as other consulting services relating to financial leasing. The annual cap for the additional direct lease
           services provided by Financial Leasing Company to the Company will be RMB2.5 billion, and the annual
           cap for the balance of sale and leaseback services will be RMB2.0 billion. The lease rate is comprehensively
           determined mainly with reference to the Loan Prime Rate (LPR), the cost of Financial Leasing Company and
           the cost of independent third-party financial leasing companies for providing similar services.

           In the first half of 2025, the additional direct lease services of the Company amounted to RMB80 million, and
           the maximum balance of sale and leaseback services was RMB95 million.

     2.    Continuing connected transactions of accepting private fund subscription services. As considered
           and approved at the twenty-eighth meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, the Company
           and Fund Company renewed the Private Fund Service Framework Agreement 2024-2026 on 27 October
           2023, and made announcements on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It
           came into effect after the approval at the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company on 12
           December 2023. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company will accept the private fund subscription services.
           The annual cap of the fund units subscribed by the Company from 2024 to 2026 is RMB3.89 billion. The
           Company subscribed fund units without paying subscription fees. In the process of investment and operation
           of private funds, the management fees shall be deducted from the operation according to specific agreements,
           and the related management fees will be determined with reference to the relevant standards of the Asset
           Management Association of China and shall not higher than the fees charged by independent third-party
           fund management companies for the same project.

           In the first half of 2025, the Company subscribed for fund units of RMB1.147 billion, and the manager of
           the fund subscribed is China Railway Capital Co., Ltd. (中鐵資本有限公司).
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         63




                                                                   SECTION V             Significant Events




3.    Continuing connected transactions of accepting commercial factoring services. As considered and
      approved at the twenty-seventh meeting of the third session of the Board of the Company, the Company
      and Factoring Company entered into the 2023-2025 Commercial Factoring Service Framework Agreement
      on 30 August 2023, and made announcements simultaneously on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Pursuant to the agreement, from 2023 to 2025, the additional amount for non-
      recourse factoring services accepted by the Group from Factoring Companies will not exceed RMB2 billion
      each year, the maximum cumulative balance of the recourse factoring services accepted by the Group will
      not exceed RMB400 million, and the additional fees of financial consulting services related to commercial
      factoring accepted by the Group will not exceed RMB10 million each year. The fees for related factoring
      services shall be determined with reference to the relevant interest rates or service fees for the same type and
      term provided by major domestic commercial banks or institutions that conduct commercial factoring business
      in accordance with the laws, and shall be on terms no less favorable than those offered to the Company by
      independent third parties. The fees for other transactions such as consulting and services shall be determined
      by agreement between both parties with reference to the relevant fees charged by comparable third parties
      in conjunction with the content of the services and shall be on terms no less favorable than those offered to
      the Company by independent third parties.

      In the first half of 2025, the additional amount for non-recourse factoring services accepted by the Group
      was RMB0 million during the year, and the maximum cumulative balance of the recourse factoring services
      accepted by the Group was RMB260 million.

(VII) Others
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


XI.   MAJOR CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE
(I)   Trusteeship, Contracting and Leasing Matters
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           64


(II)         Major Guarantees Performed and Outstanding during the Reporting Period
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB                       SECTION V
                                                                                               External guarantees by the Company (other than guarantees for subsidiaries)

                                                                                                     Date of
                                                                                                     guarantee                                                                                                                               Guarantee
                             Relationship                                                            occurrence       Guarantee                                                                   Performance                      Counter by related
                             with the listed                                                         (date of signing commencement Guarantee             Guarantee           Principal Collateral completed Overdue      Overdue   guarantee party or Related
 Guarantor                   company           Party guaranteed               Guarantee amount       the agreement) date           due date              type                debts (if any)       or not      or not     amount    or not    not       relationship

 CGGC Group                  Wholly-owned      Hubei Huangshi Wuyang    4,771,290,000.03             2021-03-31         2021-03-31        2055-03-30 Joint liability         Normal Nil         No           No               0    Nil        Yes        Associate
                               subsidiary        Expressway Development                                                                                 guarantee
                                                 Co., Ltd. (湖北黃石武陽高速
                                                 公路發展有限公司)                                                                                                                                                                                                            Significant Events
 China Gezhouba Group Road & Controlled        Chongqing Jiangqi Highway          16,800,000.00      2018-06-27         2018-06-27        2028-06-26 Joint liability         Normal Nil         No           No               0    Nil        Yes        Associate
   Bridge Co., Ltd. (中國葛洲壩集團 subsidiary          Co., Ltd. (重慶江綦高速公路                                                                                    guarantee
   路橋工程有限公司)                                     有限公司)

 China Gezhouba Group Road & Controlled        Chongqing Jiangqi Highway        320,000,000.00       2013-06-07         2013-06-07        2043-06-07 Joint liability         Normal Nil         No           No               0    Nil        Yes        Associate
   Bridge Co., Ltd. (中國葛洲壩集團 subsidiary          Co., Ltd. (重慶江綦高速公路                                                                                    guarantee
   路橋工程有限公司)                                     有限公司)

 CGGC Group                  Wholly-owned      Ministry of Finance of Argentina 1,194,375,618.68     2015-01-28         2015-01-28        2030-01-28 Joint liability         Normal Nil         No           No               0    Nil        No         Nil
                               subsidiary                                                                                                               guarantee

 Zhongnan Institute          Wholly-owned      Vietnam Zhengsheng Wind            16,945,454.94      2022-03-31         2022-03-31        2037-03-31 Joint liability         Normal Nil         No           No               0    Nil        Yes        Associate
                               subsidiary         Power Co., Ltd. (越南正勝風                                                                                guarantee
                                                  電有限責任公司)

 Jiangsu Institute           Wholly-owned      Jiangsu Yanfu Yinbao New           65,600,000.00      2018-07-26         2018-07-26        2032-03-21 General                 Normal Nil         No           No               0    Nil        Yes        Associate
                               subsidiary         Energy Co., Ltd. (江蘇鹽阜銀                                                                              guarantee
                                                  寶新能源有限公司)

 Total amount of guarantees for the Reporting Period (exclusive of the guarantees for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                                          78,131,506.91

 Closing balance of guarantees for the Reporting Period (A) (exclusive of the guarantees for subsidiaries)                                                                                                                               6,385,011,073.65
                                                               Guarantees provided by the Company to its subsidiaries

Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries for the Reporting Period                                                                                           -1,148,527,489.82

Closing balance of guarantees for subsidiaries for the Reporting Period (B)                                                                                    30,063,331,577.38

                                            Total amount of guarantees provided by the Company (including guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total guarantees (A+B)                                                                                                                                         36,448,342,651.03

Proportion of total guarantees in net assets of the Company (%)                                                                                                           30.89%

Among which:

Amount of guarantees for the shareholders, actual controllers and their related parties (C)                                                                                      0

Debt guarantees directly or indirectly to guaranteed objects with the gearing ratio higher than 70% (D)                                                        18,873,560,748.39

Amount of total guarantee exceeding 50% of net assets (E)                                                                                                                        0

Total of the above three categories of guarantees (C+D+E)                                                                                                      18,873,560,748.39

Explanation on the potential joint liability arising from the guarantees not due              Nil

Explanation on the guarantees                                                                 As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of external guarantees of the
                                                                                                Company was RMB6.385 billion, excluding the mortgage guarantee provided
                                                                                                by the Company for home buyers due to real estate business. The balance of
                                                                                                guarantees provided by the Company for the mortgage of homeowners was
                                                                                                RMB6.537 billion (i.e., the guarantee provided by the Company for the mortgage
                                                                                                loan of the commercial house purchaser from the bank. Purchaser uses purchased
                                                                                                commercial house as collateral. During the Reporting Period, the purchaser did
                                                                                                not default, and the provision of such guarantees brought relatively little risk to
                                                                                                the Company).


                                                                                                                                                                                      SECTION V
                                                                                                                                                                                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                      Significant Events


                                                                                                                                                                                                           65
66




     SECTION V             Significant Events




     (III)   Other Major Contracts
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     XII.    PROGRESS OF THE USE OF PROCEEDS
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     XIII. EXPLANATION ON OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     (I)     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities. Save as otherwise disclosed in this
             report, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed the Company’s
             listed securities (including sales of treasury shares) during the Reporting Period. As of the end of the Reporting
             Period, the Company had no treasury shares.

     (II)    Directors’ and Supervisor’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures.
             Except for Mr. Wu Daozhuan, a Supervisor of the Company, who is deemed to have interests in 214,000
             H shares of the Company through the restricted share incentive scheme, as at 30 June 2025, based on the
             information available to the Company and to the best knowledge of the Directors, none of the Directors,
             Supervisors and chief executives of the Company had any interest and short position in the shares, underlying
             shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
             of the SFO) which will have to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to
             Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed
             to have under such provisions of the SFO), or which will be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to
             be entered in the register referred to therein or which will be required to be notified to the Company and
             the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

     (III)   Compliance with the Code Provisions of Corporate Governance Code. The Company is committed to
             promoting good corporate governance. The Directors duly performed their duties, expressed their opinions
             or advice by participating in meetings of the Board and committee meetings of the Board and passed the
             resolutions by way of poll; the Directors attended the annual general meeting and annual work meeting of the
             Company, regularly received the work reports from the management, and proactively conducted investigations
             and research for intensively keeping abreast of the corporate development. During the Reporting Period, 7
             Board meetings were convened and held by the Company, considering and voting for 39 resolutions and
             proposing 14 resolutions to the general meeting; 2 general meetings, namely the first extraordinary general
             meeting in 2025 (the first A shareholders’ class meeting in 2025 and the first H shareholders’ class meeting in
             2025) and the 2024 annual general meeting were held successively, considering and voting for 17 resolutions;
             1 meeting of the Strategy Committee of the Board was held, considering and voting for 1 resolution; 1
             meeting of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board was held, considering and voting
             for 4 resolutions; 2 meetings of the Nomination Committee of the Board were held, considering and voting
             for 3 resolutions; 5 meetings of the Audit Committee of the Board were held, considering and voting for 19
             resolutions; and 2 meetings of the Supervisory Committee of the Board were held, considering and voting
             for 1 resolution.
                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                    67




                                                              SECTION V            Significant Events




According to the code provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and general manager shall be separate and shall
not be performed by the same individual. On 30 June 2025, Mr. Song Hailiang resigned from his positions
as the chairman of the Board and an authorised representative of the Company due to work adjustment.
Pursuant to the Articles of Association, Mr. Ni Zhen, the vice chairman and general manager of the Company,
temporarily assumes the powers and responsibilities of the chairman of the Board and legal representative
until the election of a new chairman of the Board. The Board is of the view that this measure is temporary
in nature. In addition, under the supervision of the Board which is comprised of one executive Director, two
non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors, the Board is appropriately structured
with balance of power to provide sufficient checks and balances to protect the interests of the Company
and shareholders as a whole. The Company is identifying suitable candidate(s) to fill the vacancy of relevant
positions to ensure compliance with the relevant requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

According to the code provision B.2.2 of the Corporate Governance Code and the requirements of the Articles
of Association, each director (including the one with fixed term of office) shall retire by rotation and at least
once for every three years. The term of office of the third session of the Board and the Board of Supervisors
expired on 4 February 2024. As the nomination process of candidates for Directors and Supervisors of the new
session of the Board and the Board of Supervisors has not been completed, in order to ensure the continuity
of relevant work of the Company, the election of the new session of the Board and the Board of Supervisors
will be postponed. The term of office of the Directors of the third session of the Board and the Supervisors
of the third session of the Board of Supervisors will be extended to the completion of the election of the
next session of the accordingly, and the term of office of special committees under the Board, the Board of
Supervisors and the senior management of the Company will be extended accordingly. The Company will
determine relevant matters as soon as practicable, and actively promote the progress of the election of the
Board and the Board of Supervisors, and perform the information disclosure obligations in a timely manner. Prior
to the completion of the election, all members of the third session of the Board and the Board of Supervisors
as well as the senior management of the Company will continue to fulfill their respective obligations and
responsibilities in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association to ensure
the normal operation of the Company.

On 30 June 2025, Mr. Song Hailiang resigned from his positions as the chairman of the Board, the chairman
of the Strategy Committee of the Board, the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the Board and an
authorised representative of the Company under Rule 3.05 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules due to work
adjustment. Following the resignation of Mr. Song Hailiang, there are no chairman for the Strategy Committee
and the Nomination Committee, and the Company will only have one authorised representative, which is not
in compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.05 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. With the approval at the
Board meeting held on 14 July 2025, Mr. Ni Zhen was appointed as the chairman of the Nomination Committee
of the Board. Following the appointment of Mr. Ni Zhen, the chairman of the Nomination Committee of the
Board is not assumed by the chairman of the Board or an independent non-executive Director. The Company
is actively advancing the adjustment of the composition of the Nomination Committee of the Board to ensure
compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.27A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that the chairman of the
nomination committee shall be assumed by the chairman of the board of directors or an independent non-
executive director.
68




     SECTION V            Significant Events




             Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all code provisions as
             set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code.

     (IV)    Compliance with the Code Provisions of the Model Code for Securities Transactions by the Directors
             and Supervisors. The Company has formulated and implemented internal code of conduct which is no less
             than the Model Code as the code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors and Supervisors
             of the Company. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirms that all
             Directors or Supervisors of the Company have complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code
             during the Reporting Period. The Company has also set guidelines on matters relating to relevant employees
             (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) dealing in securities transactions of the Company, the content of
             which is not less stringent than the Model Code. The Company has not found any breach of the guidelines
             by the employees concerned.

     (V)     Acquisition and Disposal of Subsidiaries. There was no material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries,
             associates and joint ventures by the Company in the first half of 2025.

     (VI)    Review of Interim Report. On 27 August 2025, the Audit Committee of the Board has reviewed the interim
             results announcement for the six months ended 30 June 2025, the 2025 interim report of the Company
             and the interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 which have been prepared in
             accordance with the Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises.

     (VII)   Change in Information on Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives Made pursuant to Rule
             13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Save as disclosed in this interim report, the latest information
             of Directors, Supervisors and chief executives made pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Hong Kong Listing
             Rules is as follows:
                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                               69




                                                           SECTION V            Significant Events




Ngai Wai Fung, born in January 1962, holds a Ph.D. degree. He joined the Group in 2021, and is currently an
independent non-executive Director, the member of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee, the Audit
Committee and the Supervisory Committee of the Board of the Company, and concurrently is a director and
the chief executive officer of China Resources SWCS Holding Limited and SWCS Corporate Services Group
(Hong Kong) Limited. Dr. Ngai is currently the vice chairman of the General Committee of the Chamber of
Hong Kong Listed Companies, the vice chairman of the Professional Services Panel of the Hong Kong Chartered
Governance Institute and a member of the Governance Committee of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. He was the president of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (now known as The
Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute) (2014- 2015), a non-official member of the Working Group on
Professional Services under the Economic Development Commission of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region (2013-2018), a member of the Qualification and Examination Board of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (2013-2018) and one of the first batch of accounting consulting experts of
the Ministry of Finance of China (2016-2021). Dr. Ngai is a fellow of The Association of Chartered Certified
Accountants in the United Kingdom, a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
a fellow of The Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Institute of Chartered Secretaries
and Administrators), a fellow of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute, a fellow of The Hong Kong
Institute of Directors, a member of The Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and a member of The
Chartered Institute of Arbitrators. Dr. Ngai obtained a doctoral degree in finance at Shanghai University of
Finance and Economics, a master’s degree in Corporate Finance from Hong Kong Polytechnic University, a
master’s degree in business administration from Andrews University of Michigan and a bachelor’s degree
in law at University of Wolverhampton. Dr. Ngai is currently the independent non-executive director of the
following companies, namely Bosideng International Holdings Limited (Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Stock
Code: 03998). Dr. Ngai was the independent director of China Communications Construction Company
Limited from November 2017 to February 2022, BaWang International (Group) Holding Limited from December
2008 to May 2022, TravelSky Technology Limited from January 2016 to September 2022, Beijing Capital
Grand Limited from December 2013 to May 2023, and Powerlong Real Estate Holdings Limited from June
2008 to August 2025.
70




     SECTION VI CHANGES IN SHARES AND PARTICULARS OF SHAREHOLDERS


     I.      CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL
     (I)     Table of Changes in Shares
     1.      Table of changes in shares
     During the Reporting Period, there is no change in the total share numbers and share capital structure of the Company.

     2.      Particulars of changes in shares
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     3.      Effect of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per share and net assets per share
             within the period from the end of the Reporting Period to disclosure date of the interim report (if
             any)
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     4.      Other contents that the Company deems necessary or security regulatory authorities requires to
             disclose
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (II)    Changes in Shares subject to Selling Restriction
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable


     II.     SHAREHOLDERS
     (I)     Total Number of Shareholders:
      Total number of holders of ordinary shares as at the end of the Reporting Period (account)                        334,967

      Total number of preference shareholders with voting rights restored as at the end of Reporting Period (account)         /
                                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                              71




                  SECTION VI                   Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders




(II)    Particulars of the Top Ten Shareholders and the Top Ten Shareholders with Tradable
        Shares (or Shareholders Not Subject to Selling Restrictions) as at the End of the
        Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                             Unit: share
                                        Shareholdings of top ten shareholders (excluding shares lent under refinancing)

                                                    Increase/
                                                    decrease                                       Number of
                                                  during the     Shareholding at                   shares held     Pledge, mark or frozen
                                                   Reporting      the end of the   Percentage      with selling                             Nature of
 Name of shareholder (full name)                       Period   Reporting Period          (%)       restrictions      Status     Amount     shareholder

 Energy China Group                            136,680,556      18,847,137,078          45.21                 0           Nil           0   State-owned
                                                                                                                                               legal person

 HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED                                    0     8,438,019,751          20.24                 0    Unknown                  Others

 China Reform Holdings                                     0     2,029,378,794            4.87                0           Nil           0   State-owned
                                                                                                                                               legal person

 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company         165,425,853         856,002,891            2.05                0           Nil           0   Others
   Limited

 China Securities Finance Corporation                      0       613,374,538            1.47                0           Nil           0   State-owned
   Limited                                                                                                                                     legal person

 Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                      0       306,593,601            0.74                0           Nil           0   State-owned
   (中央匯金資產管理有限責任公司)                                                                                                                            legal person

 HUADIAN FUXIN INTERNATIONAL                               0       243,722,000            0.58                0    Unknown                  Others
   INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED

 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China          8,216,400        232,112,132            0.56                0           Nil           0   Others
    – Huatai-Pinebridge CSI 300 Exchange
    Traded Open-ended Index Securities
    Investment Fund
    (中國工商銀行有限公司－華泰柏瑞滬深
    300交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)

 China Construction Bank Corporation            10,277,900         164,746,300            0.40                0           Nil           0   Others
   – E Fund CSI 300 Exchange Traded
   Open-ended Index Initiated Securities
   Investment Fund
   (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－易方達
   滬深300交易型開放式指數發起式證券
   投資基金)

 Industrial and Commercial Bank of China        18,108,300         120,793,300            0.29                0           Nil           0   Others
    – Huxia CSI 300 Exchange Traded Open-
    ended Index Securities Investment Fund
    (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－華夏滬深
    300交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)
72




     SECTION VI               Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders




                                     Shareholdings of the top ten shareholders not subject to selling restrictions
                                                (excluding shares lent through refinancing business)

                                                                              Number of tradable               Types and number of shares
                                                                           shares held not subject
     Name of shareholder                                                     to selling restrictions                   Type                 Number

     Energy China Group                                                           18,847,137,078         RMB-denominated           18,268,253,078
                                                                                                           ordinary shares

                                                                                                             Overseas-listed          578,884,000
                                                                                                             foreign shares

     HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED                                                        8,438,019,751             Overseas-listed        8,438,019,751
                                                                                                             foreign shares

     China Reform Holdings                                                         2,029,378,794         RMB-denominated            2,029,378,794
                                                                                                           ordinary shares

     Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                   856,002,891         RMB-denominated              856,002,891
                                                                                                           ordinary shares

     China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                    613,374,538         RMB-denominated              613,374,538
                                                                                                           ordinary shares

     Central Huijin Asset Management Ltd.                                            306,593,601         RMB-denominated              306,593,601
       (中央匯金資產管理有限責任公司)                                                                                    ordinary shares

     HUADIAN FUXIN INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENT COMPANY                                  243,722,000             Overseas-listed          243,722,000
       LIMITED                                                                                               foreign shares

     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China – Huatai-Pinebridge CSI                 232,112,132         RMB-denominated              232,112,132
        300 Exchange Traded Open-ended Index Securities Investment                                         ordinary shares
        Fund
        (中國工商銀行有限公司－華泰柏瑞滬深300交易型開放式指數
        證券投資基金)

     China Construction Bank Corporation – E Fund CSI 300 Exchange                   164,746,300         RMB-denominated              164,746,300
       Traded Open-ended Index Initiated Securities Investment Fund                                        ordinary shares
       (中國建設銀行股份有限公司－易方達滬深300交易型開放式指
       數發起式證券投資基金)

     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China – Huxia CSI 300                         120,793,300         RMB-denominated              120,793,300
        Exchange Traded Open-ended Index Securities Investment Fund                                        ordinary shares
        (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－華夏滬深300交易型開放式指數
        證券投資基金)

     Explanation on the securities account designated for share            Not Applicable
       repurchase of the top ten shareholders

     Explanation on entrusting, being entrusted voting rights or           Not Applicable
       waiving voting rights of the aforesaid shareholders

     Explanation on the related relationship or acting in concert          China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團有限公
       among the aforesaid shareholders                                    司), the largest shareholder of the Company, does not have connected
                                                                           relations or perform concerted actions with the above other shareholders.
                                                                           The Company is not aware of any related relationships or concerted action
                                                                           relationships between the above shareholders.

     Explanation on shareholders of preference shares with restoration     Not Applicable
       of voting rights and their shareholding
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                   73




                SECTION VI              Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders




Notes:

1.       As at 30 June 2025, Energy China Group held a total of 18,847,137,078 shares in the Company, of which 18,268,253,078
         shares were A shares and 578,884,000 shares were H shares. In October 2024, Energy China Group, the controlling
         shareholder of the Company, proposed to increase its shareholding in the Company. On 14 April 2025, the shareholding
         increase period expired. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited
         in relation to the Expiry of Implementation Period of the Shareholding Increase Plan by the Controlling Shareholder and
         the Results of the Shareholding Increase (Announcement No.: Lin 2025-024) disclosed by the Company on the website of
         the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 15 April 2025.

2.       H shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are held on behalf of its various clients, and the number of H shares held by
         Energy China Group has already been deducted.

3.       A shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited are held on behalf of multiple clients.

4.       China Huaxing (Hong Kong) International Co., Ltd. (中國華星(香港)國際有限公司), a subsidiary of China Reform Holdings,
         holds 633,704,000 H shares of the Company. China Reform Holdings and its controlling subsidiary hold a total of
         2,663,082,794 shares of the Company, representing 6.39% of the total share capital of the Company.


Lending of shares through refinancing business by shareholders holding more than 5% of
the shares, the top ten shareholders and the top ten shareholders not subject to selling
restrictions
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

Change from the previous period due to lending/returning of shares under refinancing by
top ten shareholders and top ten shareholders not subject to selling restrictions
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

Number of shares held by top ten shareholders subject to selling restrictions and conditions
of selling restrictions
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(III)    Strategic Investors or General Legal Persons Became One of the Top Ten Shareholders
         as a Result of Placing of New Shares
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
74




     SECTION VI                      Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders




     (IV) Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders of H Shares
     As at 30 June 2025, after the reasonable enquiry by the Directors of the Company, the persons below (other than the
     Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the Company) have interests or short positions in the shares or underlying
     shares which will have to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and
     which will be required to record in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                 Approximate     Approximate Approximate
                                                                                                                percentage of percentage of percentage of
                                                                                                               the Company’s the Company’s the Company’s
                                                                                                                   total issued   total issued  total issued
                                                     Class of   Capacity/                 Number of shares       share capital       A shares      H shares
      Substantial shareholders                       shares     Nature of interest              interested               (%) (1)        (%) (1)       (%) (1)

                                                     A shares    Beneficial owner         18,268,253,078 (L)           43.82            56.33              –

                                                                 Interest of controlled       98,542,651 (L)            0.24             0.30              –
      Energy China Group (Note 2)
                                                                   corporation

                                                     H shares    Beneficial owner            578,884,000 (L)            1.39                –           6.25

                                                     A shares    Beneficial owner          2,029,378,794 (L)            4.87             6.26              –
      China Reform Holdings (Note 3)                 H shares    Interest of controlled      633,704,000 (L)            1.52                –           6.84
                                                                   corporation

      China Huaxing Group Company                    H shares    Interest of controlled      633,704,000 (L)            1.52                –           6.84
        (中國華星集團公司) (Note 3)                                        corporation

      China Huaxing (Hong Kong) International        H shares    Beneficial owner            633,704,000 (L)            1.52                –           6.84
        Co., Ltd.
        (中國華星(香港)國際有限公司) (Note 3)

      Buttonwood Investment Holding Company          H shares    Interest of controlled    1,462,338,000 (L)            3.51                –          15.79
        Ltd. (Note 4)                                              corporation

      Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd.                       H shares    Beneficial owner          1,462,338,000 (L)            3.51                –          15.79
          (絲路基金有限責任公司) (Note 4)

                                                     H shares    Interest of controlled      961,300,000 (L)            2.31                –          10.38
      Central Huijin Investment Ltd. (Note 5)
                                                                   corporation

      China Construction Bank Corporation (Note 5)   H shares    Investment manager          961,300,000 (L)            2.31                –          10.38

                                                     H shares    Interest of controlled      974,892,000 (L)            2.34                –          10.53
      State Grid Corporation of China (Note 6)
                                                                   corporation

      State Grid International Development Co.,      H shares    Interest of controlled      974,892,000 (L)            2.34                –          10.53
         Ltd. (Note 6)                                             corporation

      State Grid International Development           H shares    Beneficial owner            974,892,000 (L)            2.34                –          10.53
         Limited (Note 6)

      E Fund Management Co., Ltd                     H shares    Investment manager          961,300,000 (L)            2.31                –          10.38
         (易方達基金管理有限公司)
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED          2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                    75




               SECTION VI               Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders




Notes: Letter “L” means long position in the securities and letter “S” means short position in the securities.

1.     The calculation is based on the approximate shareholding in 9,262,436,000 issued H shares, 32,428,727,636 issued A
       shares and 41,691,163,636 shares of the total issued share capital of the Company as at 30 June 2025.

2.     EPPE is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Energy China Group and is interested in the 98,542,651 A shares of the Company,
       representing 0.30% of the A share capital of the Company. Therefore, Energy China Group is deemed to be interested
       in the A shares held by EPPE.

3.     These shares are directly held by China Huaxing (Hong Kong) International Co., Ltd. (中國華星(香港)國際有限公司).
       China Huaxing (Hong Kong) International Co., Ltd. (中國華星(香港)國際有限公司) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China
       Huaxing Group Company (中國華星集團公司); and China Huaxing Group Company (中國華星集團公司) is a wholly-owned
       subsidiary of China Reform Holdings. Therefore, China Huaxing Group Company (中國華星集團公司) and China Reform
       Holdings are deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Huaxing (Hong Kong) International Co., Ltd. (中國華星
       (香港)國際有限公司).

4.     These shares are directly held by Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. Buttonwood Investment Holding Company Ltd. holds 65% equity
       interests in Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd. Therefore, Buttonwood Investment Holding Company Ltd. is deemed to be interested
       in the shares held by Silk Road Fund Co., Ltd.

5.     Central Huijin Investment Ltd. holds 57.31% equity interests in China Construction Bank Corporation. Therefore, Central
       Huijin Investment Ltd. is deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Construction Bank Corporation.

6.     These shares are directly held by State Grid International Development Limited. State Grid International Development
       Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of State Grid International Development Co., Ltd.; while the latter is a wholly-owned
       subsidiary of State Grid Corporation of China. Therefore, State Grid International Development Co., Ltd. and State Grid
       Corporation of China are deemed to be interested in the shares held by State Grid International Development Limited.
76




     SECTION VI         Changes in Shares and Particulars of Shareholders




     III.    DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     (I)     Changes in Shareholding of the Current and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
             Management during the Reporting Period
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     Explanation on other matters
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (II)    Equity Incentive Granted to Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management during the
             Reporting Period
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     (III)   Other Explanation
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     IV.     CHANGES IN CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OR ACTUAL CONTROLLERS
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     V.      PREFERENCE SHARES
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
I.             CORPORATE BONDS (INCLUDING ENTERPRISE BONDS) AND NON-FINANCIAL CORPORATE DEBT FINANCING
               INSTRUMENTS
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

(I)            Corporate Bonds (Including Enterprise Bonds)
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

1.             Basic information of corporate bonds
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
                                                                                                        Latest
                                                                                                 putback date                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk of
                                                                                                   subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                            termination
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         SECTION VII BONDS

                                             Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                          Investor suitability                              of listing
 Name of bonds                               abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter            Trustee         arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism        and trading

 2025 Scientific and Technological           25 CEEC K1 242473.SH      2025-03-06 2025-03-10                – 2035-03-10 20.00           2.33 The interests of the corporate bond are    Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,      CSC Financial   Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
    Innovation Corporate Bonds for                                                                                                               paid in installments annually and          Exchange          CITIC Securities              Co., Ltd.       investor                  click transaction,
    Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                                                                                       the final phase will be paid with the                        Company Limited, China                                                  inquiry transaction,
    (Type I) publicly issued by China                                                                                                            principal, which is due at maturity.                         International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
    Energy Engineering Corporation                                                                                                                                                                            Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
    Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                   Huatai United Securities                                                transaction
    (中國能源建設股份有限公司2025年                                                                                                                                                                                        Co., Ltd.
    面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新
    公司債券(第一期)(品種一))

 2024 Scientific and Technological           CEEC YK06 241880.SH       2024-10-29 2024-10-31                –            – 23.00         2.54 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,      CSC Financial   Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
    Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                               paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            CITIC Securities              Co., Ltd.       investor                  click transaction,
    Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                             issuer does not exercise the right of                        Company Limited, China                                                  inquiry transaction,
    (Second Tranche) publicly issued                                                                                                             deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
    by China Energy Engineering                                                                                                                  issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
    Corporation Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Huatai United Securities                                                transaction
    (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024年                                                                                                                           option, the interest payment date shall                      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




    面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                              be the repayment date of the bonds.
    可續期公司債券(第二期))




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2025 INTERIM REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             77
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     78


                                                                                                       Latest
                                                                                                putback date                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk of
                                                                                                  subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                           termination
                                            Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                         Investor suitability                              of listing
Name of bonds                               abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter           Trustee         arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism        and trading

2024 Scientific and Technological           CEEC YK04 241672.SH       2024-09-26 2024-09-27                –            – 7.00          2.27 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     CSC Financial   Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       SECTION VII
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                               paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            CITIC Securities             Co., Ltd.       investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                             issuer does not exercise the right of                        Company Limited, China                                                 inquiry transaction,
   (First Tranche) (Type I) publicly                                                                                                            deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                  bidding transaction,
   issued by China Energy Engineering                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                   negotiation
   Corporation Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Guotai Haitong Securities                                              transaction                        Bonds
   (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024年                                                                                                                           option, the interest payment date shall                      Co., Ltd., Huatai United
   面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                              be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Securities Co., Ltd.
   可續期公司債券(第一期)(品種一))

2024 Scientific and Technological           24 CEEC K1 240668.SH      2024-03-07 2024-03-08                – 2034-03-08 10.00           2.72 The interests of the corporate bond are    Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     CSC Financial   Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Corporate Bonds for                                                                                                               paid in installments annually and          Exchange          CITIC Securities             Co., Ltd.       investor                  click transaction,
   Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                                                                                       the final phase will be paid with the                        Company Limited, China                                                 inquiry transaction,
   publicly issued by China Energy                                                                                                              principal, which is due at maturity.                         International Capital                                                  bidding transaction,
   Engineering Corporation Limited                                                                                                                                                                           Corporation Limited,                                                   negotiation
   (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024年                                                                                                                                                                                        Guotai Haitong Securities                                              transaction
   面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                                                                                           Co., Ltd., Huatai United
   公司債券(第一期))                                                                                                                                                                                                Securities Co., Ltd.

2023 Scientific and Technological           CEEC YK02 240133.SH       2023-10-23 2023-10-24                –            – 20.00         3.25 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     CSC Financial   Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                               paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            CITIC Securities             Co., Ltd.       investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                             issuer does not exercise the right of                        Company Limited, China                                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Second Tranche) (Type I) publicly                                                                                                           deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                  bidding transaction,
   issued by China Energy Engineering                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                   negotiation
   Corporation Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Guotai Haitong Securities                                              transaction
   (中國能源建設股份有限公司2023年                                                                                                                           option, the interest payment date shall                      Co., Ltd., Huatai United
   面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                              be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Securities Co., Ltd.
   可續期公司債券(第二期)(品種一))

2023 Scientific and Technological           CEEC YK01 115590.SH       2023-06-28 2023-06-29                –            – 10.00         3.08 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     CSC Financial   Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                               paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            CITIC Securities             Co., Ltd.       investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                             issuer does not exercise the right of                        Company Limited, China                                                 inquiry transaction,
   (First Tranche) publicly issued                                                                                                              deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                  bidding transaction,
   by China Energy Engineering                                                                                                                  issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                   negotiation
   Corporation Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Guotai Haitong Securities                                              transaction
   (中國能源建設股份有限公司2023年                                                                                                                           option, the interest payment date shall                      Co., Ltd., Huatai United
   面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                              be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Securities Co., Ltd.
   可續期公司債券(第一期))
                                                                                                    Latest
                                                                                             putback date                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk of
                                                                                               subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                             termination
                                         Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                          Investor suitability                               of listing
Name of bonds                            abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter           Trustee          arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism         and trading

2022 Corporate Bonds (Low-carbon         22 CEEC 01 137535.SH      2022-07-21 2022-07-22                – 2025-07-22 15.00           2.70 The interests of the corporate bond are    Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     CSC Financial    Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Transformation-linked Bonds) (First                                                                                                       paid in installments annually and          Exchange          Guotai Haitong Securities    Co., Ltd.        investor                  click transaction,
   Tranche) (Type I) publicly issued                                                                                                         the final phase will be paid with the                        Co., Ltd., China                                                        inquiry transaction,
   by China Energy Engineering                                                                                                               principal, which is due at maturity.                         International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
   Corporation Limited                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporation Limited                                                     negotiation
   (中國能源建設股份有限公司2022年                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             transaction
   公開發行公司債券(低碳轉型掛鈎債
   券)(第一期)(品種一))

2025 Scientific and Technological        GZ YK10      243003.SH    2025-05-20 2025-05-22                –            – 20.00         1.96 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       China International Capital CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                            paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            Corporation Limited,         Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                          issuer does not exercise the right of                        CITIC Securities Company     Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   (Second Tranche) (Rise of Central                                                                                                         deferred payment of interest. If the                         Limited, CSC Financial                                                 bidding transaction,
   China) publicly issued by China                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Co., Ltd., Guotai Haitong                                              negotiation
   Gezhouba Group Company Limited                                                                                                            full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Securities Co., Ltd., GF                                               transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2025年面                                                                                                                        option, the interest payment date shall                      Securities Co., Ltd., China
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新可                                                                                                                           be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Galaxy Securities Co. Ltd.
   續期公司債券(第二期)(中部崛起))

2025 Scientific and Technological        GZ YK09      242777.SH    2025-04-15 2025-04-17                –            – 7.00          2.09 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,      CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                            paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            CITIC Securities               Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds (First Tranche) (Development                                                                                                        issuer does not exercise the right of                        Company Limited, China         Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   of the Yangtze River Economic Belt)                                                                                                       deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                    bidding transaction,
   (Type II) publicly issued by China                                                                                                        issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                     negotiation
   Gezhouba Group Company Limited                                                                                                            full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Guotai Haitong Securities                                                transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2025年公                                                                                                                        option, the interest payment date shall                      Co., Ltd., Shenwan
   開發行科技創新可續期公司債券(第                                                                                                                          be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Hongyuan Securities
   一期)(長江經濟帶發展)(品種二))                                                                                                                                                                                     Co., Ltd., China Galaxy
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Securities Co. Ltd., China
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Ltd., Ping An Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Co., Ltd., Industry
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                        SECTION VII



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    79
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      80


                                                                                                      Latest
                                                                                               putback date                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk of
                                                                                                 subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                             termination
                                           Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                          Investor suitability                               of listing
Name of bonds                              abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter           Trustee          arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism         and trading

2025 Scientific and Technological          GZ YK08      242776.SH    2025-04-15 2025-04-17                –            – 13.00         1.98 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,      CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SECTION VII
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                              paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            CITIC Securities               Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds (First Tranche) (Development                                                                                                          issuer does not exercise the right of                        Company Limited, China         Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   of the Yangtze River Economic Belt)                                                                                                         deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                    bidding transaction,
   (Type I) publicly issued by China                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                     negotiation
   Gezhouba Group Company Limited                                                                                                              full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Guotai Haitong Securities                                                transaction                        Bonds
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2025年公                                                                                                                          option, the interest payment date shall                      Co., Ltd., Shenwan
   開發行科技創新可續期公司債券(第                                                                                                                            be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Hongyuan Securities
   一期)(長江經濟帶發展)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                       Co., Ltd., China Galaxy
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Securities Co. Ltd., China
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Merchants Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Ltd., Ping An Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Co., Ltd., Industry
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Securities Co., Ltd.

2024 Scientific and Technological          24 GZ K4     241081.SH    2024-06-05 2024-06-07                – 2034-06-07 10.00           2.60 The principal will be repaid in one lump   Shanghai Stock    Guotai Haitong Securities     CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Corporate Bonds                                                                                                                  sum upon maturity, and interest will       Exchange         Co., Ltd., CITIC Securities     Company         investor                  click transaction,
   for Professional Investors (Third                                                                                                           be paid once a year                                         Company Limited, CSC            Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   Tranche) (Type II) publicly issued by                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Co., Ltd., China                                                bidding transaction,
   China Gezhouba Group Company                                                                                                                                                                            International Capital                                                     negotiation
   Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporation Limited,                                                      transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年面                                                                                                                                                                                      GF Securities Co., Ltd.,
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新公                                                                                                                                                                                         Shenwan Hongyuan
   司債券(第三期)(品種二))                                                                                                                                                                                          Securities Co., Ltd., Ping
                                                                                                                                                                                                           An Securities Co., Ltd.

2024 Scientific and Technological          24 GZ K3     241080.SH    2024-06-05 2024-06-07                – 2029-06-07 10.00           2.30 The principal will be repaid in one lump   Shanghai Stock    Guotai Haitong Securities     CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Corporate Bonds                                                                                                                  sum upon maturity, and interest will       Exchange         Co., Ltd., CITIC Securities     Company         investor                  click transaction,
   for Professional Investors (Third                                                                                                           be paid once a year                                         Company Limited, CSC            Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   Tranche) (Type I) publicly issued by                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Co., Ltd., China                                                bidding transaction,
   China Gezhouba Group Company                                                                                                                                                                            International Capital                                                     negotiation
   Limited                                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporation Limited,                                                      transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年面                                                                                                                                                                                      GF Securities Co., Ltd.,
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新公                                                                                                                                                                                         Shenwan Hongyuan
   司債券(第三期)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                          Securities Co., Ltd., Ping
                                                                                                                                                                                                           An Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Latest
                                                                                            putback date                                                                                                                                                                                               Risk of
                                                                                              subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                             termination
                                        Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                          Investor suitability                               of listing
Name of bonds                           abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter           Trustee          arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism         and trading

2024 Scientific and Technological       24 GZ K2     241017.SH    2024-05-16 2024-05-20                – 2034-05-20 15.00           2.70 The principal will be repaid in one lump   Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Corporate Bonds for                                                                                                           sum upon maturity, and interest will       Exchange          CITIC Securities              Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Professional Investors (Second                                                                                                           be paid once a year                                          Company Limited, China        Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   Tranche) publicly issued by China                                                                                                                                                                     International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
   Gezhouba Group Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                        Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年面                                                                                                                                                                                    Guotai Haitong Securities                                               transaction
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新公                                                                                                                                                                                       Co., Ltd., Shenwan
   司債券(第二期))                                                                                                                                                                                             Hongyuan Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Co., Ltd.

2024 Scientific and Technological       GZ YK07      240870.SH    2024-04-12 2024-04-15                –            – 20.00         2.71 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CITIC Securities Company      CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                           paid in installments annually if the     Exchange             Limited, CSC Financial        Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                         issuer does not exercise the right of                         Co., Ltd., China              Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   (First Tranche) (Type II) publicly                                                                                                       deferred payment of interest. If the                          International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
   issued by China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                          Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
   Company Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                      Guotai Haitong Securities                                               transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年面                                                                                                                       option, the interest payment date shall                       Co., Ltd., GF Securities
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新可                                                                                                                          be the repayment date of the bonds.                           Co., Ltd., Shenwan
   續期公司債券(第一期)(品種二))                                                                                                                                                                                      Hongyuan Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Co., Ltd.

2024 Scientific and Technological       GZ YK06      240869.SH    2024-04-12 2024-04-15                –            – 10.00         2.52 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CITIC Securities Company      CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                           paid in installments annually if the     Exchange             Limited, CSC Financial        Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                         issuer does not exercise the right of                         Co., Ltd., China              Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   (First Tranche) (Type I) publicly                                                                                                        deferred payment of interest. If the                          International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
   issued by China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                          Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
   Company Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                      Guotai Haitong Securities                                               transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年面                                                                                                                       option, the interest payment date shall                       Co., Ltd., GF Securities
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新可                                                                                                                          be the repayment date of the bonds.                           Co., Ltd., Shenwan
   續期公司債券(第一期)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                      Hongyuan Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                          Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     SECTION VII



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   81
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      82


                                                                                                       Latest
                                                                                                putback date                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk of
                                                                                                  subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                            termination
                                            Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                          Investor suitability                              of listing
Name of bonds                               abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter           Trustee          arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism        and trading

2024 Scientific and Technological           24 GZ K1     240784.SH    2024-03-20 2024-03-22                – 2034-03-22 20.00           2.80 The principal will be repaid in one lump   Shanghai Stock    China International Capital CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        SECTION VII
   Innovation Corporate Bonds for                                                                                                               sum upon maturity, and interest will       Exchange          Corporation Limited,         Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                                                                                       be paid once a year                                          CITIC Securities Company     Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   publicly issued by China Gezhouba                                                                                                                                                                         Limited, CSC Financial                                                 bidding transaction,
   Group Company Limited                                                                                                                                                                                     Co., Ltd., Guotai Haitong                                              negotiation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年面                                                                                                                                                                                        Securities Co., Ltd., GF                                               transaction                         Bonds
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新公                                                                                                                                                                                           Securities Co., Ltd., Ping
   司債券(第一期))                                                                                                                                                                                                 An Securities Co., Ltd.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Shenwan Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Securities Co., Ltd.

2023 Scientific and Technological           GZ YKV2      115848.SH    2023-08-17 2023-08-18                –            – 10.00         3.19 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,       Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation and Rural Revitalization                                                                                                          paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            Guotai Haitong Securities     Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   Renewable Corporate Bonds                                                                                                                    issuer does not exercise the right of                        Co., Ltd., CITIC Securities   Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Supporting Old Revolutionary                                                                                                                deferred payment of interest. If the                         Company Limited, Ping                                                   bidding transaction,
   Areas) (Type II) publicly issued by                                                                                                          issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         An Securities Co., Ltd.,                                                negotiation
   China Gezhouba Group Company                                                                                                                 full in a year of exercising the renewal                     China International                                                     transaction
   Limited                                                                                                                                      option, the interest payment date shall                      Capital Corporation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2023年公                                                                                                                           be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Limited, GF Securities Co.,
   開發行科技創新鄉村振興可續期公                                                                                                                                                                                           Ltd., Shenwan Hongyuan
   司債券(支持革命老區)(品種二))                                                                                                                                                                                         Securities Co., Ltd.

2023 Scientific and Technological           GZ YKV1      115847.SH    2023-08-17 2023-08-18                –            – 10.00         2.87 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,       Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation and Rural Revitalization                                                                                                          paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            Guotai Haitong Securities     Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   Renewable Corporate Bonds                                                                                                                    issuer does not exercise the right of                        Co., Ltd., CITIC Securities   Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Supporting Old Revolutionary                                                                                                                deferred payment of interest. If the                         Company Limited, Ping                                                   bidding transaction,
   Areas) (Type I) publicly issued by                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         An Securities Co., Ltd.,                                                negotiation
   China Gezhouba Group Company                                                                                                                 full in a year of exercising the renewal                     China International                                                     transaction
   Limited                                                                                                                                      option, the interest payment date shall                      Capital Corporation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2023年公                                                                                                                           be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Limited, GF Securities Co.,
   開發行科技創新鄉村振興可續期公                                                                                                                                                                                           Ltd., Shenwan Hongyuan
   司債券(支持革命老區)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                         Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Latest
                                                                                            putback date                                                                                                                                                                                              Risk of
                                                                                              subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                            termination
                                        Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                        Investor suitability                                of listing
Name of bonds                           abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest   Trading exchange Leading underwriter            Trustee          arrangements (if any)     Trading mechanism         and trading

2023 Scientific and Technological       GZ YK05      115512.SH    2023-06-13 2023-06-14                –            – 20.00         3.03 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock    CITIC Securities Company        CITIC Securities Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                           paid in installments annually if the     Exchange          Limited, CSC Financial          Company         investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                         issuer does not exercise the right of                      Co., Ltd., Ping An              Limited                                   inquiry transaction,
   (First Tranche) publicly issued by                                                                                                       deferred payment of interest. If the                       Securities Co., Ltd., China                                               bidding transaction,
   China Gezhouba Group Company                                                                                                             issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                       International Capital                                                     negotiation
   Limited                                                                                                                                  full in a year of exercising the renewal                   Corporation Limited,                                                      transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2023年面                                                                                                                       option, the interest payment date shall                    Guotai Haitong Securities
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新可                                                                                                                          be the repayment date of the bonds.                        Co., Ltd., GF Securities
   續期公司債券(第一期))                                                                                                                                                                                        Co., Ltd., Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Hongyuan Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Co., Ltd., Changjiang
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Securities Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Limited

2022 Scientific and Technological       GZ YK03      138614.SH    2022-11-25 2022-11-28                –            – 30.00         3.18 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,       Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                           paid in installments annually if the     Exchange         Guotai Haitong Securities     Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                         issuer does not exercise the right of                     Co., Ltd., CITIC Securities   Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Fourth Tranche) (Type I) publicly                                                                                                       deferred payment of interest. If the                      Company Limited, China                                                  bidding transaction,
   issued by China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                           issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                      International Capital                                                   negotiation
   Company Limited                                                                                                                          full in a year of exercising the renewal                  Corporation Limited,                                                    transaction
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2022年面                                                                                                                       option, the interest payment date shall                   Ping An Securities Co.,
   向專業投資者公開發行科技創新可                                                                                                                          be the repayment date of the bonds.                       Ltd., GF Securities Co.,
   續期公司債券(第四期)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                  Ltd., Shenwan Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Securities Co., Ltd.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Changjiang Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Company Limited

2022 “Belt and Road” Renewable          22 GZ Y5     137971.SH    2022-10-20 2022-10-21                –            – 20.00         3.18 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd., Ping Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Corporate Bonds for Professional                                                                                                         paid in installments annually if the     Exchange         An Securities Co., Ltd.,     Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   Investors (Third Tranche) publicly                                                                                                       issuer does not exercise the right of                     Guotai Haitong Securities    Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




   issued by China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                           deferred payment of interest. If the                      Co., Ltd., GF Securities                                               bidding transaction,
   Company Limited                                                                                                                          issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                      Co., Ltd., Shenwan                                                     negotiation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2022年                                                                                                                        full in a year of exercising the renewal                  Hongyuan Securities                                                    transaction
   面向專業投資者公開發行「一帶一                                                                                                                          option, the interest payment date shall                   Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    SECTION VII
   路」可續期公司債券(第三期))                                                                                                                          be the repayment date of the bonds.



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  83
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    84


                                                                                                       Latest
                                                                                                putback date                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk of
                                                                                                  subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                          termination
                                            Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                       Investor suitability                               of listing
Name of bonds                               abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest   Trading exchange Leading underwriter           Trustee          arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism         and trading

2022 Scientific and Technological           GZ YK02      137858.SH    2022-09-20 2022-09-21                –            – 12.00         3.21 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock    CITIC Securities Company        Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      SECTION VII
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                               paid in installments annually if the     Exchange          Limited, Ping An              Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                             issuer does not exercise the right of                      Securities Co., Ltd., China   Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Second Tranche) (Low-carbon                                                                                                                 deferred payment of interest. If the                       International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
   Transformation-linked) (Type II)                                                                                                             issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                       Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
   publicly issued by China Gezhouba                                                                                                            full in a year of exercising the renewal                   Shenwan Hongyuan                                                        transaction                        Bonds
   Group Company Limited                                                                                                                        option, the interest payment date shall                    Securities Co., Ltd.,
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2022年                                                                                                                            be the repayment date of the bonds.                        Changjiang Securities
   面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                                                                                         Company Limited, Guotai
   可續期公司債券(第二期)(低碳轉型                                                                                                                                                                                       Haitong Securities Co.,
   掛鈎)(品種二))                                                                                                                                                                                               Ltd., Everbright Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Company Limited

2022 Scientific and Technological           GZ YK01      137857.SH    2022-09-20 2022-09-21                –            – 18.00         2.70 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock    CITIC Securities Company        Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Innovation Renewable Corporate                                                                                                               paid in installments annually if the     Exchange          Limited, Ping An              Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   Bonds for Professional Investors                                                                                                             issuer does not exercise the right of                      Securities Co., Ltd., China   Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Second Tranche) (Low-carbon                                                                                                                 deferred payment of interest. If the                       International Capital                                                   bidding transaction,
   Transformation-linked) (Type I)                                                                                                              issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                       Corporation Limited,                                                    negotiation
   publicly issued by China Gezhouba                                                                                                            full in a year of exercising the renewal                   Shenwan Hongyuan                                                        transaction
   Group Company Limited                                                                                                                        option, the interest payment date shall                    Securities Co., Ltd.,
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2022年                                                                                                                            be the repayment date of the bonds.                        Changjiang Securities
   面向專業投資者公開發行科技創新                                                                                                                                                                                         Company Limited, Guotai
   可續期公司債券(第二期)(低碳轉型                                                                                                                                                                                       Haitong Securities Co.,
   掛鈎)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                               Ltd., Everbright Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                           Company Limited

2022 Renewable Corporate Bonds for          22 GZ Y4     137783.SH    2022-09-01 2022-09-02                –            – 15.00         3.21 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                                                                                       paid in installments annually if the     Exchange         Guotai Haitong Securities   Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   (Low-carbon Transformation-linked)                                                                                                           issuer does not exercise the right of                     Co., Ltd., China            Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Type II) publicly issued by China                                                                                                           deferred payment of interest. If the                      International Capital                                                 bidding transaction,
   Gezhouba Group Company Limited                                                                                                               issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                      Corporation Limited,                                                  negotiation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2022                                                                                                                             full in a year of exercising the renewal                  Ping An Securities Co.,                                               transaction
   年面向專業投資者公開發行可續                                                                                                                               option, the interest payment date shall                   Ltd., GF Securities Co.,
   期公司債券(第一期)(低碳轉型掛                                                                                                                             be the repayment date of the bonds.                       Ltd., Shenwan Hongyuan
   鈎)(品種二))                                                                                                                                                                                               Securities Co., Ltd.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Changjiang Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Company Limited
                                                                                                       Latest
                                                                                                putback date                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk of
                                                                                                  subsequent                          Interest                                                                                                                                                           termination
                                            Bond                                                to 31 August                Bond          rate                                                                                                         Investor suitability                              of listing
Name of bonds                               abbreviation Stock code   Issue date   Value date           2025    Expiry date balance       (%) Method to pay principal and interest      Trading exchange Leading underwriter          Trustee          arrangements (if any)    Trading mechanism        and trading

2022 Renewable Corporate Bonds for          22 GZ Y3     137782.SH    2022-09-01 2022-09-02                –            – 15.00         2.76 The interests of the corporate bond are Shanghai Stock       CSC Financial Co., Ltd.,     Guotai Haitong Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                                                                                       paid in installments annually if the     Exchange            Guotai Haitong Securities   Securities      investor                  click transaction,
   (Low-carbon Transformation-linked)                                                                                                           issuer does not exercise the right of                        Co., Ltd., China            Co., Ltd.                                 inquiry transaction,
   (Type I) publicly issued by China                                                                                                            deferred payment of interest. If the                         International Capital                                                 bidding transaction,
   Gezhouba Group Company Limited                                                                                                               issuer chooses to repay the bonds in                         Corporation Limited,                                                  negotiation
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2022                                                                                                                             full in a year of exercising the renewal                     Ping An Securities Co.,                                               transaction
   年面向專業投資者公開發行可續                                                                                                                               option, the interest payment date shall                      Ltd., GF Securities Co.,
   期公司債券(第一期)(低碳轉型掛                                                                                                                             be the repayment date of the bonds.                          Ltd., Shenwan Hongyuan
   鈎)(品種一))                                                                                                                                                                                                  Securities Co., Ltd.,
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Changjiang Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Company Limited

2024 Green Corporate Bonds for              G24 CEEIC 1 241752.SH     2024-10-17 2024-10-18                – 2027-10-18 10.00           2.20 The interests of the corporate bond are    Shanghai Stock    CSC Financial Co., Ltd.     CSC Financial    Professional institutional Matching transaction, No
   Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                                                                                       paid in installments annually and          Exchange                                      Co., Ltd.        investor                  click transaction,
   publicly issued by China Energy                                                                                                              the final phase will be paid with the                                                                                               inquiry transaction,
   Engineering Group Investment                                                                                                                 principal, which is due at maturity.                                                                                                bidding transaction,
   Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        negotiation
   (中國能源建設集團投資有限公司                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  transaction
   2024年面向專業投資者公開發行綠
   色公司債券(第一期))




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       SECTION VII



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     85
86




     SECTION VII                 Bonds




     Countermeasures of the Company to the risk of delisting and trading of bonds
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     2.      Triggering and enforcement of the option clause, the investor protection clause of the Company
             or investors
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

     On 9 May 2025, CGGC Group, a subsidiary of the Company, chose to waive the issuer renewal option of “22 GZ
     Y2”, and repaid the “22 GZ Y2” in full, with a total principal amount of RMB2.0 billion.

     On 22 April 2025, CGGC Group, a subsidiary of the Company, chose to waive the issuer renewal option of “22 GZ
     Y1”, and repaid the “22 GZ Y1” in full, with a total principal amount of RMB2.0 billion.

     3.      Adjustments of credit rating results
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                 Rating                      Change
                                                                 adjustment   Change in      in rating
      Evaluated entity           Name of rating agency           year         rating level   outlook       Reasons for change in rating results

      China Energy Engineering   Fitch (Beijing) Credit Rating   2025         Changed        BBB+/Stable   As Fitch downgraded China’s sovereign
        Corporation Limited         Co., Ltd.                                                               credit rating from “A+” to “A”, and
                                                                                                            Fitch determined the ratings of the
                                                                                                            Company based on China’s sovereign
                                                                                                            credit rating from top to bottom. This
                                                                                                            rating adjustment is not related to the
                                                                                                            Company’s own financial condition or
                                                                                                            operation situation.


     Other explanation
     In 2025, Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. and China Chengxin International Credit Rating
     Co., Ltd rated the Company as AAA/Stable, respectively, maintaining the original rating result.

     4.      Implementation and changes of guarantees, debt repayment plans and other debt repayment
             guarantee measures during the Reporting Period and their impact
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                  2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                87




                                                                                                    SECTION VII                   Bonds




(II)   Proceeds of Corporate Bonds
3 Corporate bonds were involved in the use or change of proceeds during the Reporting Period

□ All corporate bonds of the Company were not involved in the use or change of proceeds during the Reporting Period

1.     Basic information
                                                                                                  Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                   Balance of
                                                                                                           Balance of the    special account
                                                                                                              proceeds as     of proceeds as
                               Whether it is                                                                 at the end of      at the end of
                Bond           a specialized                                                                the Reporting      the Reporting
 Bond code      abbreviation   bond            Specific types of specialized bonds        Total proceeds            Period             Period

 242473.SH      25 CEEC K1     Yes             Scientific and technological innovation            20.00               7.00                 0
                                                  corporate bonds

 115847.SH      GZ YKV1        Yes             Scientific and technological innovation            10.00                  0                 0
                                                  corporate bonds, rural revitalization
                                                  corporate bonds, renewable
                                                  corporate bonds

 115848.SH      GZ YKV2        Yes             Scientific and technological innovation            10.00                  0                 0
                                                  corporate bonds, rural revitalization
                                                  corporate bonds, renewable
                                                  corporate bonds

 242776.SH      GZ YK08        Yes             Scientific and technological innovation            13.00               7.40                 0
                                                  corporate bonds, renewable
                                                  corporate bonds

 242777.SH      GZ YK09        Yes             Scientific and technological innovation             7.00                  0                 0
                                                  corporate bonds, renewable
                                                  corporate bonds

 243003.SH      GZ YK10        Yes             Scientific and technological innovation            20.00                  0                 0
                                                  corporate bonds, renewable
                                                  corporate bonds

 241752.SH      G24 CEEIC 1    Yes             Green corporate bonds                              10.00                  0                 0


2.     Changes and adjustments to the use of proceeds
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
88




     SECTION VII             Bonds




     3.     Use of proceeds
     (1)    Actual use of proceeds (excluding temporary replenishment of liquidity)
                                                                                                            Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                              Amount
                                                    Amount used                                                               involved
                                                   for repayment                                                             in equity
                                 Actual amount         of interest-                                                      investments,
                                    of proceeds     bearing debts      Amount used         Amount             Amount              debt
                                 utilized during        (excluding    for repayment        used for        involved in    investments     Amount used
                  Bond            the Reporting          corporate      of corporate replenishment      investment in          or asset      for other
      Bond code   abbreviation            Period            bonds)            bonds      of liquidity     fixed assets    acquisitions       purposes

      242473.SH   25 CEEC K1              13.00                  0                0                 0               0           13.00               0

      115847.SH   GZ YKV1                 0.562                  0                0                 0          0.562                 0              0

      115848.SH   GZ YKV2                 0.562                  0                0                 0          0.562                 0              0

      242776.SH   GZ YK08                  5.60              5.60                 0                 0               0                0              0

      242777.SH   GZ YK09                  7.00              4.25                 0                 0            2.75                0              0

      243003.SH   GZ YK10                    20                  0               20                 0               0                0              0

      241752.SH   G24 CEEIC 1              0.33                  0                0                 0            0.33                0              0


     (2)    Use of proceeds for repayment of corporate bonds and other interest-bearing debts
     3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                             Details of repayment of other interest-bearing debts
      Bond code    Bond abbreviation Details of repayment of corporate bonds                 (excluding corporate bonds)

      242776.SH    GZ YK08            –                                                      Repayment of a bank loan of RMB560 million to China
                                                                                               Gezhouba Group Stock Company Limited.

      242777.SH    GZ YK09            –                                                      Repayment of a bank loan of RMB425 million to China
                                                                                               Gezhouba Group Stock Company Limited.

      243003.SH    GZ YK10            The “22 GZ Y1” perpetual corporate bonds of –
                                        CGGC Group have been repaid


     (3)    Use of proceeds for replenishment of liquidity (excluding temporary replenishment of liquidity)
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                            89




                                                                                                                                    SECTION VII                            Bonds




(4)      Use of proceeds for specific projects
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                          Other matters
                                                                                                                                                                          required to be
                                                                                                                                                                          disclosed in
                                                                                                                                                       Project            relation to the
               Bond                                                                                                                                    mortgages or       construction of
 Bond code     abbreviation   Project progress                                                         Project operation benefits                      pledges (if any)   the project

 115847.SH     GZ YKV1        The approval and construction procedures for the preliminary stage of the The project is currently under construction and Not involved      Nil
                                 Shucheng (Qianrenqiao) to Jinzhai (Anhui-Henan boundary) Section of       no project income has been received for the
                                 G4222 Hexian-Xiangyang Expressway have been fully completed, and          time being
                                 the project is in a state of full-scale construction

 115848.SH     GZ YKV2        The approval and construction procedures for the preliminary stage of the The project is currently under construction and Not involved      Nil
                                 Shucheng (Qianrenqiao) to Jinzhai (Anhui-Henan boundary) Section of       no project income has been received for the
                                 G4222 Hexian-Xiangyang Expressway have been fully completed, and          time being
                                 the project is in a state of full-scale construction

 242776.SH     GZ YK08        The approval and construction procedures for the preliminary stage of the The project is currently under construction and Not involved      Nil
                                 Shucheng (Qianrenqiao) to Jinzhai (Anhui-Henan boundary) Section of       no project income has been received for the
                                 G4222 Hexian-Xiangyang Expressway have been fully completed, and          time being
                                 the project is in a state of full-scale construction

 242777.SH     GZ YK09        The approval and construction procedures for the preliminary stage of the The project is currently under construction and Not involved      Nil
                                 Shucheng (Qianrenqiao) to Jinzhai (Anhui-Henan boundary) Section of       no project income has been received for the
                                 G4222 Hexian-Xiangyang Expressway have been fully completed, and          time being
                                 the project is in a state of full-scale construction
90




     SECTION VII                Bonds




                                                                                                                                                                   Other matters
                                                                                                                                                                   required to be
                                                                                                                                                                   disclosed in
                                                                                                                                                Project            relation to the
                 Bond                                                                                                                           mortgages or       construction of
     Bond code   abbreviation   Project progress                                                   Project operation benefits                   pledges (if any)   the project

     241752.SH   G24 CEEIC 1    1. The Shenmu Zhongnengjian Juhuang New Energy Jiaxian 150MW 1. The Shenmu Zhongnengjian Juhuang New Not involved                  Nil
                                   Wind Power Project is located in the towns including Jinmingsi,             Energy Jiaxian 150MW Wind Power Project is
                                   Wuzhen, Liujiashan in Yulin City, Shaanxi Province. The project has a       in the commissioning and defect elimination
                                   planned total capacity of 150MW, and it is planned to install 20 wind       stage and has not yet completed settlement,
                                   turbines with a capacity of 6,250kw per unit and 5 wind turbines with       with no income or profit. 2. The Dali
                                   a capacity of 5,000kW per unit. It adopts the unit connection method        Tongzhou 100MW Agricultural-photovoltaic
                                   of “one unit, one transformer” under which the power is transmitted         Complementary Project of China Energy
                                   to the 110kV booster station in the wind power farm through 35kV            Construction Investment achieved operating
                                   integrated circuit after boosting up to 35kV via a box transformer. A       income of RMB17.4168 million and total
                                   new 110kV booster station is built, equipped with a 150MVA main             profit of RMB3.8735 million in the first
                                   transformer, and is arranged outdoors. Current project progress: the        half of 2025. 3. The Langjia Photovoltaic
                                   project commenced construction in October 2023, completed grid-             Power Generation Project achieved income
                                   connected power generation on 31 December 2024, and is currently            of RMB64.2379 million and total profit of
                                   in the commissioning and testing stage, and is expected to be officially    RMB35.1127 million in the first half of 2025.
                                   completed and put into operation in October 2025. 2. The China              4. The Baiyu Photovoltaic Power Generation
                                   Energy Construction Investment Dali Tongzhou 100MW Agricultural-            Project achieved operating income of
                                   photovoltaic Complementary Project is located in Donghan Village,           RMB12.4239 million and total profit of
                                   Xihan Village, Podi Village, Xuzhuang Town, and Lijiayuan Village,          RMB7.07 million in the first half of 2025.
                                   Duanjia Town, Dali County, Weinan City. The total installed capacity
                                   is 100MW, and it is planned to adopt block power generation and
                                   centralized grid connection solutions, with a production and operation
                                   period of 25 years. The project is equipped with a new 110kV booster
                                   station. Current project progress: the project commenced construction
                                   in October 2023, completed partial grid-connected power generation
                                   on 30 June 2024, and officially put into operation on 1 July 2024. 3.
                                   The Langjia Photovoltaic Power Generation Project is located in Pupiao
                                   Town and Yangliu Village, Longyang District, Baoshan City, Yunnan
                                   Province, with a planned installed capacity of 600MW on the AC side
                                   (718.72MWp on the DC side, with a capacity ratio of approximately
                                   1.2), and a new 220kV booster station is planned to be located in the
                                   central part of the photovoltaic field. A 10% and 2h of energy storage
                                   scale is supported with the project under lease. The project plans to
                                   use the solution of 585Wp single-crystal double-sided photovoltaic
                                   elements + fixed brackets + string inverters, to connect to the booster
                                   station with a 14-loop collector line. Current project progress: the
                                   project commence construction on 16 April 2024, completed grid
                                   connection on 10 July 2024, completed full-capacity commissioning
                                   in December 2024 and officially put into operation in 2025. 4. The Baiyu
                                   Photovoltaic Power Generation Project is located in Wafang Village
                                   and Mangkuan Village, Longyang District, Baoshan City, Yunnan
                                   Province, with a planned installed capacity of 340MW on the AC side
                                   (450.45504MWp on the DC side, with a capacity ratio of approximately
                                   1.32), and a new 220kV booster station is planned to be located in the
                                   east of the photovoltaic field. A 10% and 2h of energy storage scale
                                   is supported with the project under lease. The project plans to use the
                                   solution of 585Wp single-crystal double-sided photovoltaic elements +
                                   fixed brackets + string inverters, to connect to the booster station with a
                                   11-loop collector line. Current project progress: the project commence
                                   construction on 16 April 2024, completed full-capacity commissioning
                                   in April 2025 and officially put into operation in the end of 2025.
                                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                         91




                                                                                                               SECTION VII                       Bonds




Significant changes in the projects during the Reporting Period that may affect the plan for investment and utilization
of proceeds: □ Yes 3 No

A decrease of more than 50% in the net income of the project as at the end of the Reporting Period as compared
with that disclosed in the prospectus and other documents, or whether any other material unfavorable events have
occurred during the Reporting Period that may affect the actual operation of the project: □ Yes 3 No

(5)    Use of proceeds for other purposes
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

(6)    Temporary replenishment of liquidity
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

4.     Compliance of the use of proceeds
                                                                                                       Whether the
                                                                                                       actual use         Whether
                                                                                                       is consistent      the use of
                                                                                                       with the           proceeds and     Whether
                                                                                                       intended use       management       the use of
                                                                                                       (including the     of the special   proceeds
                                                                                                       intended use       account of       complies
                                                                   Actual use of proceeds as           specified in the   proceeds were    with local
                                                                   at the end of the Reporting         prospectus and     in compliance    government
                                                                   Period (including actual use and    the use after      during the       debt
             Bond           Intended use specified in the          temporary replenishment of          compliance         Reporting        management
 Bond code   abbreviation   prospectus                             liquidity)                          changes)           Period           regulations

 242473.SH   25 CEEC K1     Fully utilized for production          Capital contribution to subsidiaries Yes               Yes              Yes
                               expenditures, including
                               repayment of debts and
                               replenishment of the liquidity,
                               capital contribution to
                               subsidiaries, etc.

 115847.SH   GZ YKV1        For the replenishment of the           For the replenishment of the        Yes                Yes              Yes
                               Company’s liquidity for daily          Company’s liquidity for daily
                               production and operations              production and operations
                               and construction of rural              and construction of rural
                               revitalization (supporting old         revitalization (supporting old
                               revolutionary areas) projects          revolutionary areas) projects

 115848.SH   GZ YKV2        For the replenishment of the           For the replenishment of the        Yes                Yes              Yes
                               Company’s liquidity for daily          Company’s liquidity for daily
                               production and operations              production and operations
                               and construction of rural              and construction of rural
                               revitalization (supporting old         revitalization (supporting old
                               revolutionary areas) projects          revolutionary areas) projects
92




     SECTION VII                 Bonds




                                                                                                       Whether the
                                                                                                       actual use         Whether
                                                                                                       is consistent      the use of
                                                                                                       with the           proceeds and     Whether
                                                                                                       intended use       management       the use of
                                                                                                       (including the     of the special   proceeds
                                                                                                       intended use       account of       complies
                                                                    Actual use of proceeds as          specified in the   proceeds were    with local
                                                                    at the end of the Reporting        prospectus and     in compliance    government
                                                                    Period (including actual use and   the use after      during the       debt
                  Bond           Intended use specified in the      temporary replenishment of         compliance         Reporting        management
      Bond code   abbreviation   prospectus                         liquidity)                         changes)           Period           regulations

      242776.SH   GZ YK08        Not less than 50% of the           For the repayment of existing      Yes                Yes              Yes
                                   proceeds will be used for the       borrowings
                                   development and construction
                                   of the Yangtze River Economic
                                   Belt, with the remaining
                                   portion to be used for legal
                                   and regulatory purposes such
                                   as replenishing the Company’s
                                   liquidity for daily production
                                   and operations

      242777.SH   GZ YK09        Not less than 50% of the           For the construction of the        Yes                Yes              Yes
                                   proceeds will be used for the       Yangtze River Economic Belt
                                   development and construction        and repayment of existing
                                   of the Yangtze River Economic       borrowings
                                   Belt, with the remaining
                                   portion to be used for legal
                                   and regulatory purposes such
                                   as replenishing the Company’s
                                   liquidity for daily production
                                   and operations

      243003.SH   GZ YK10        For repayment of debts due and     For the repayment of 22 GZ Y1      Yes                Yes              Yes
                                    legal and regulatory purposes
                                    such as replenishing the
                                    liquidity

      241752.SH   G24 CEEIC 1    For the construction of green      For the construction of green      Yes                Yes              Yes
                                    projects                           projects


     Violation of laws and regulations by the use of proceeds and the management of account of proceeds
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

     Penalties and sanctions for illegal use of proceeds
     □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                         CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED            2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                           93




                                                                                                 SECTION VII                Bonds




(III)   Other Matters Required to Be Disclosed for Special Bonds
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

1.      The Company as the issuer of convertible corporate bonds
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

2.      The Company as the issuer of green corporate bonds
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable
                                                                                                Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB

 Bond code                                   241752.SH

 Bond abbreviation                           G24 CEEIC 1

 Type of specialized bonds                   Green corporate bonds

 Total proceeds                              10.00

 Proceeds used                               10.00

 Amount of temporary replenishment of        0
   liquidity

 Proceeds not yet used                       0

 Number of green projects                    4

 Names of green projects                     Baiyu 340MW Photovoltaic Power Generation Project, Langjia 600MW Photovoltaic Power
                                             Generation Project, Shenmu Zhongnengjian Juhuang New Energy Jiaxian 150MW Wind Power
                                             Project, China Energy Construction Investment Dali Tongzhou 100MW Agricultural-photovoltaic
                                             Complementary Project

 Whether the use of proceeds is consistent   3 Yes □ No
  with the committed purpose or the latest
  disclosed purpose

 Whether there are changes in the use of the □ Yes 3 No
  proceeds

 Whether the use after changes is entirely for 3 Yes □ No □ N/A
  green projects

 Progress of changes                         N/A

 Whether to disclose changes                 □ Yes □ No 3 N/A

 Disclosure time of the announcement on      N/A
    changes

 Amount of idle funds during the Reporting   0
   Period

 Placement, management and use plan of       N/A
    idle funds
94




     SECTION VII                 Bonds




     Progress of green projects in which the            1. The Shenmu Zhongnengjian Juhuang New Energy Jiaxian 150MW Wind Power Project is located
        proceeds are invested, including but not        in the towns including Jinmingsi, Wuzhen, and Liujiashan in Yulin City, Shaanxi Province. The
        limited to overview of each project, its        project has a planned total capacity of 150MW, and it is planned to install 20 wind turbines
        category, the region where the project is       with a capacity of 6,250kw per unit and 5 wind turbines with a capacity of 5,000kW per unit.
        located, investment, construction, current      It adopts the unit connection method of “one unit, one transformer” under which the power is
        status and operation details                    transmitted to the 110kV booster station in the wind power farm through 35kV integrated circuit
                                                        after boosting up to 35kV via a box transformer. A new 110kV booster station is built, equipped
                                                        with a 150MVA main transformer, and is arranged outdoors. Current project progress: the project
                                                        commenced construction in October 2023, completed grid-connected power generation on 31
                                                        December 2024, and is currently in the commissioning and testing stage, and is expected to be
                                                        officially completed and put into operation in October 2025. 2. The China Energy Construction
                                                        Investment Dali Tongzhou 100MW Agricultural-photovoltaic Complementary Project is located in
                                                        Donghan Village, Xihan Village, Podi Village, Xuzhuang Town, and Lijiayuan Village, Duanjia Town,
                                                        Dali County, Weinan City. The total installed capacity is 100MW, and it is planned to adopt block
                                                        power generation and centralized grid connection solutions, with a production and operation
                                                        period of 25 years. The project is equipped with a new 110kV booster station. Current project
                                                        progress: the project commenced construction in October 2023, completed partial grid-connected
                                                        power generation on 30 June 2024, and officially put into operation on 1 July 2024. 3. The Langjia
                                                        Photovoltaic Power Generation Project is located in Pupiao Town and Yangliu Village, Longyang
                                                        District, Baoshan City, Yunnan Province, with a planned installed capacity of 600MW on the AC
                                                        side (718.72MWp on the DC side, with a capacity ratio of approximately 1.2), and a new 220kV
                                                        booster station is planned to be located in the central part of the photovoltaic field. A 10% and 2h of
                                                        energy storage scale is supported with the project under lease. The project plans to use the solution
                                                        of 585Wp single-crystal double-sided photovoltaic elements + fixed brackets + string inverters, to
                                                        connect to the booster station with a 14-loop collector line. Current project progress: the project
                                                        commence construction on 16 April 2024, completed grid connection on 10 July 2024, completed
                                                        full-capacity commissioning in December 2024 and officially put into operation in 2025. 4. The
                                                        Baiyu Photovoltaic Power Generation Project is located in Wafang Village and Mangkuan Village,
                                                        Longyang District, Baoshan City, Yunnan Province, with a planned installed capacity of 340MW on
                                                        the AC side (450.45504MWp on the DC side, with a capacity ratio of approximately 1.32), and a
                                                        new 220kV booster station is planned to be located in the east of the photovoltaic field. A 10%
                                                        and 2h of energy storage scale is supported with the project under lease. The project plans to use
                                                        the solution of 585Wp single-crystal double-sided photovoltaic elements + fixed brackets + string
                                                        inverters, to connect to the booster station with a 11-loop collector line. Current project progress:
                                                        the project commence construction on 16 April 2024, completed full-capacity commissioning in
                                                        April 2025 and officially put into operation in the end of 2025.

     Information on the occurrence of major             Not involved
        pollution liability accidents, administrative
        penalties for environmental issues
        and other environmental violations in
        respect of the green projects in which
        the proceeds are invested during the
        Reporting Period, and whether they
        will have a significant impact on debt
        repayment (if any)
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                        95




                                                                                                          SECTION VII                   Bonds




Environmental benefits of the green projects    The annual carbon dioxide emission reduction, annual fossil energy replacement, annual sulfur
  in which the proceeds are invested, as        dioxide emission reduction, annual nitrogen oxide emission reduction and annual soot emission
  well as the standards, methods, basis and     reduction of projects are calculated with reference to the formula under “3.2 Construction and
  important prerequisites for calculating the   Operation of Clean Energy Facilities” in the Guidelines for the Calculation of Energy Conservation
  environmental benefits of selected green      and Emissions Reduction for Green Credit Projects issued by the former China Banking and Insurance
  projects                                      Regulatory Commission.

Expected and/or actual environmental            The China Energy Construction Investment Dali Tongzhou 100MW Agricultural-photovoltaic
  benefits of the green projects in which       Complementary Project in which the proceeds from such bonds actually invested is a photovoltaic
  the proceeds are invested (specific           power generation project. According to CCXGF’s estimates, compared with thermal power
  environmental benefits shall be disclosed     generation, the projects actually invested and put into operation with the proceeds from such
  in accordance with the relevant               bonds can achieve carbon dioxide emission reduction of 57,363.71 tons, alternative fossil energy
  requirements of the Guidelines for            of 22,579.27 tons of standard coal, sulfur dioxide emission reduction of 6.51 tons, nitrogen oxide
  Information Disclosure on the Duration        emissions of 10.43 tons, and soot emissions of 1.33 tons in the first half of 2025. After estimation,
  of Green Bonds, and explanations shall        for the China Energy Construction Investment Dali Tongzhou 100MW Agricultural-photovoltaic
  be provided for environmental benefit         Complementary Project, the invested proceeds from such bonds can achieve carbon dioxide
  indicators that cannot be disclosed)          emission reduction of 1,580.89 tons/year, alternative fossil energy of 622.26 tons of standard
                                                coal/year, sulfur dioxide emission reduction of 0.18 tons/year, nitrogen oxide emission reduction
                                                of 0.29 tons/year, and soot emission reduction of 0.04 tons/year during the evaluation period.

For quantitative environmental benefits,        Nil
  if there is a significant change in the
  environmental benefits in the duration
  from the disclosed benefits at the time of
  registration and issuance (with a change
  of more than 15%), the reasons shall be
  disclosed

Management of proceeds and specific             The proceeds are managed in a dedicated account by establishing a special account for the
 arrangements                                   supervision of proceeds

Deposit and execution of proceeds               The proceeds are deposited and managed in the special supervision account and under good
                                                execution
96




     SECTION VII               Bonds




     Relevant information on the engagement       Basic information on the evaluation and certification agency: China Chengxin Green Finance
       of evaluation and certification agency     Technology (Beijing) Ltd. (“CCXGF”) is a professional institution specializing in green finance
       (if any), including but not limited to     services under China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. (the largest rating agency
       basic information on the evaluation        in China and the fourth largest rating agency in the world). As the earliest third-party service
       and certification agency, evaluation       provider to participate in the construction of China’s green finance system, CCXGF is deeply
       and certification content and evaluation   committed to the field of green finance and is dedicated to providing professional and independent
       conclusion                                 green finance evaluation and consulting services. As one of the leading institutions in China’s
                                                  green finance market, CCXGF regards innovation research and product service development as
                                                  its long-term key development strategy, providing local governments, enterprises and financial
                                                  institutions with services such as green bond evaluation, carbon neutral bond evaluation, sustainable
                                                  development linked bond evaluation, green syndicated loan evaluation, green enterprise evaluation,
                                                  green project evaluation, green banking system construction, green financing integrated service
                                                  platform, ESG report and rating, and environmental information disclosure of financial institutions
                                                  and enterprises. CCXGF has a complete green bond database, ESG database of listed companies
                                                  and bond issuers, etc, and is a market leader in regional green finance system construction services,
                                                  green banking services, green bond evaluation and ESG services. CCXGF is headquartered in Beijing
                                                  and has branches in Guangzhou and other places. Relying on the postdoctoral workstation of
                                                  CCXGF Research Institute and CCXI, CCXGF is committed to building a leading institution in the
                                                  green finance market based on research and innovation. Evaluation and certification content and
                                                  evaluation conclusion: CCXGF conducted assessment based on the investment of the proceeds from
                                                  the bonds, the use of the proceeds, realization possibility of environmental benefits and information
                                                  disclosure, and upon the approval by the Sustainability Assessment Committee of CCXGF, CCXGF
                                                  granted 2024 Green Corporate Bonds for Professional Investors (First Tranche) publicly issued by
                                                  China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited with G-1 rating, and confirmed that the investment
                                                  of the proceeds from the bonds is in full compliance with the Guidance Catalogue of Green and
                                                  Low Carbon Transformation Industries (2024 Edition) issued by ten ministries and commissions
                                                  including the National Development and Reform Commission, and the Catalogue of Green Bond
                                                  Support Projects (2021 Edition) issued by three ministries and commissions including the People’s
                                                  Bank of China, and that the effectiveness of measures taken in the investment, use and allocation of
                                                  proceeds in green projects is excellent, and the possibility of achieving the established environmental
                                                  goals is extremely high.

     Corporate governance information related  N/A
       to green development and transformation
       and upgrading (if any)

     Other matters                                Nil
                                                           CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                           97




                                                                                                            SECTION VII                    Bonds




3.      The Company as the issuer of renewable corporate bonds
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                          Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
 Bond code                                    115590.SH

 Bond abbreviation                            CEEC YK01

 Bond balance                                 10.00

 Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 29 June 2026, and it is still in the initial period.

 Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period of the bond is 3.08%, which remains constant during the
                                              initial period. As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest
                                              rate has not hiked.

 Deferred interest                            Not occurred

 Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved

 Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.0 billion.
  related accounting treatment

 Other matters                                Nil
98




     SECTION VII                 Bonds




     Bond code                                    240133.SH

     Bond abbreviation                            CEEC YK02

     Bond balance                                 20.00

     Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 24 October 2026, and it is still in the initial period.

     Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period of the bond is 3.25%, which remains constant during the
                                                  initial period. As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest
                                                  rate has not hiked.

     Deferred interest                            Not occurred

     Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved

     Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB2.0 billion.
      related accounting treatment

     Other matters                                Nil



     Bond code                                    241672.SH

     Bond abbreviation                            CEEC YK04

     Bond balance                                 7.00

     Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 27 September 2029, and it is still in the initial period.

     Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period of the bond is 2.27%, which remains constant during the
                                                  initial period. As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest
                                                  rate has not hiked.

     Deferred interest                            Not occurred

     Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved

     Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB700 million.
      related accounting treatment

     Other matters                                Nil
                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                          99




                                                                                                           SECTION VII                    Bonds




Bond code                                    241880.SH

Bond abbreviation                            CEEC YK06

Bond balance                                 23.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 31 October 2029, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period of the bond is 2.54%, which remains constant during the
                                             initial period. As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest
                                             rate has not hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not occurred

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB2.3 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil



Bond code                                    137782.SH

Bond abbreviation                            22 GZ Y3

Bond balance                                 15.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 2 September 2025, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 2.76%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.5 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil
100




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      Bond code                                    240869.SH

      Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK06

      Bond balance                                 10.00

      Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 15 April 2027, and it is still in the initial period.

      Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 2.52%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                   As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                   hiked.

      Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.0 billion.
       related accounting treatment

      Other matters                                Nil



      Bond code                                    240870.SH

      Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK07

      Bond balance                                 20.00

      Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 15 April 2029, and it is still in the initial period.

      Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 2.71%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                   As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                   hiked.

      Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB2.0 billion.
       related accounting treatment

      Other matters                                Nil
                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       101




                                                                                                         SECTION VII                    Bonds




Bond code                                    137783.SH

Bond abbreviation                            22 GZ Y4

Bond balance                                 15.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 2 September 2027, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 3.21%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.5 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil



Bond code                                    137857.SH

Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK01

Bond balance                                 18.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 21 September 2025, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 2.70%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.8 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil
102




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      Bond code                                    137858.SH

      Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK02

      Bond balance                                 12.00

      Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 21 September 2027, and it is still in the initial period.

      Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 3.21%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                   As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                   hiked.

      Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.2 billion.
       related accounting treatment

      Other matters                                Nil



      Bond code                                    137971.SH

      Bond abbreviation                            22 GZ Y5

      Bond balance                                 20.00

      Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 21 October 2027, and it is still in the initial period.

      Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 3.18%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                   As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                   hiked.

      Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB2.0 billion.
       related accounting treatment

      Other matters                                Nil
                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       103




                                                                                                          SECTION VII                    Bonds




Bond code                                    138614.SH

Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK03

Bond balance                                 30.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 28 November 2025, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 3.18%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB3.0 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil



Bond code                                    115512.SH

Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK05

Bond balance                                 20.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 14 June 2026, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 3.03%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB2.0 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil
104




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      Bond code                                    115847.SH

      Bond abbreviation                            GZ YKV1

      Bond balance                                 10.00

      Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 18 August 2026, and it is still in the initial period.

      Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 2.87%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                   As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                   hiked.

      Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.0 billion.
       related accounting treatment

      Other matters                                Nil



      Bond code                                    115848.SH

      Bond abbreviation                            GZ YKV2

      Bond balance                                 10.00

      Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 18 August 2028, and it is still in the initial period.

      Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 3.19%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                   As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                   hiked.

      Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

      Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.0 billion.
       related accounting treatment

      Other matters                                Nil
                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       105




                                                                                                           SECTION VII                    Bonds




Bond code                                    242776.SH

Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK08

Bond balance                                 13.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 17 April 2028, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 1.98%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB1.3 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil



Bond code                                    242777.SH

Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK09

Bond balance                                 7.00

Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 17 April 2030, and it is still in the initial period.

Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 2.09%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                             As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                             hiked.

Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB0.7 billion.
 related accounting treatment

Other matters                                Nil
106




      SECTION VII                  Bonds




       Bond code                                    243003.SH

       Bond abbreviation                            GZ YK10

       Bond balance                                 20.00

       Renewal                                      The expiry date of the initial period is 22 May 2028, and it is still in the initial period.

       Interest rate hike                           The coupon rate for the initial period is 1.96%, which remains constant during the initial period.
                                                    As of the date of the periodic report, it is still in the initial period, and the interest rate has not
                                                    hiked.

       Deferred interest                            Not involved during the Reporting Period

       Mandatory interest payment                   Not involved during the Reporting Period

       Whether it is still included in equity and   Yes, it is included in other equity instruments with a closing balance of RMB2.0 billion.
        related accounting treatment

       Other matters                                Nil


      4.      The Company as the issuer of poverty alleviation corporate bonds
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      5.      The Company as the issuer of rural revitalization corporate bonds
      3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                               Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
       Bond code                                    115847.SH

       Bond abbreviation                            GZ YKV1

       Bond balance                                 10.00

       Rural revitalization project or business     As of the end of June 2025, the investment in Shucheng (Qianrenqiao) to Jinzhai (Anhui-Henan
         progress                                   boundary) Section of G4222 Hexian-Xiangyang Expressway was RMB18.873 billion, with
                                                    construction progress of approximately 78.57%

       Rural revitalization project or business     The project effectively improves infrastructure conditions in poverty-alleviation areas, facilitates
         benefits                                   transportation modes, enhances market-oriented exchanges and public service level, provides
                                                    local employment support, optimizes rural employment structure and improves labor productivity
                                                    level, as well as improves the rural industrial system and drives economic development

       Other matters                                Nil
                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     107




                                                                                                        SECTION VII                  Bonds




 Bond code                                    115848.SH

 Bond abbreviation                            GZ YKV2

 Bond balance                                 10.00

 Rural revitalization project or business     As of the end of June 2025, the investment in Shucheng (Qianrenqiao) to Jinzhai (Anhui-Henan
   progress                                   boundary) Section of G4222 Hexian-Xiangyang Expressway was RMB18.873 billion, with
                                              construction progress of approximately 78.57%

 Rural revitalization project or business     The project effectively improves infrastructure conditions in poverty-alleviation areas, facilitates
   benefits                                   transportation modes, enhances market-oriented exchanges and public service level, provides
                                              local employment support, optimizes rural employment structure and improves labor productivity
                                              level, as well as improves the rural industrial system and drives economic development

 Other matters                                Nil


6.      The Company as the issuer of One Belt and One Road corporate bonds
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                      Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
 Bond code                                    137971.SH

 Bond abbreviation                            22 GZ Y5

 Bond balance                                 20.00

 One Belt and One Road construction project   As of the end of June 2025, the investment in Zhaoming Expressway was RMB11.7 billion, with
   or business progress and economic          construction progress of approximately 53.36%. It is expected to be fully completed by the end
   benefits                                   of 2028 and fully open to traffic by the end of 2028. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
                                              Tianxi Expressway has been fully completed and officially opened to traffic at the end of 2022

 Other matters                                Nil
108




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      7.      The Company as the issuer of scientific and technological innovation corporate bonds or innovation
              and entrepreneurship corporate bonds
      3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                             Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
       Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                       □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                       □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                       □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                       □ Financial institution

       Bond code                                       115590.SH

       Bond abbreviation                               CEEC YK01

       Bond balance                                    10.00

       Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
          innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                       Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                       Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                       Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                       innovation projects

       Effectiveness of promoting the development      N/A
          of scientific and technological innovation

       Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

       Other matters                                   Nil



       Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                       □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                       □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                       □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                       □ Financial institution

       Bond code                                       240133.SH

       Bond abbreviation                               CEEC YK02

       Bond balance                                    20.00

       Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
          innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                       Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                       Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                       Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                       innovation projects

       Effectiveness of promoting the development      N/A
          of scientific and technological innovation

       Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

       Other matters                                   Nil
                                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED               2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                               109




                                                                                                        SECTION VII                 Bonds




Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       240668.SH

Bond abbreviation                               24 CEEC K1

Bond balance                                    10.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      N/A
   of scientific and technological innovation

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   Nil



Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

                                                241672.SH

Bond abbreviation                               CEEC YK04

Bond balance                                    7.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      N/A
   of scientific and technological innovation

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   Nil
110




      SECTION VII                Bonds




      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       241880.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               CEEC YK06

      Bond balance                                    23.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      N/A
         of scientific and technological innovation

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   Nil



      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       242473.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               25 CEEC K1

      Bond balance                                    20.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      N/A
         of scientific and technological innovation

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   Nil
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                111




                                                                                                        SECTION VII                 Bonds




Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       137857.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK01

Bond balance                                    18.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –



Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       137858.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK02

Bond balance                                    12.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –
112




      SECTION VII                Bonds




      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       138614.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK03

      Bond balance                                    30.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –



      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       115512.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK05

      Bond balance                                    20.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                113




                                                                                                        SECTION VII                 Bonds




Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       115847.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YKV1

Bond balance                                    10.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –



Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       115848.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YKV2

Bond balance                                    10.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –
114




      SECTION VII                Bonds




      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       240784.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               24 GZ K1

      Bond balance                                    20.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –



      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       240869.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK06

      Bond balance                                    10.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                115




                                                                                                        SECTION VII                 Bonds




Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       240870.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK07

Bond balance                                    20.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –



Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       241017.SH

Bond abbreviation                               24 GZ K2

Bond balance                                    15.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –
116




      SECTION VII                Bonds




      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       241080.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               24 GZ K3

      Bond balance                                    10.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –



      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       241081.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               24 GZ K4

      Bond balance                                    10.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –
                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                117




                                                                                                        SECTION VII                 Bonds




Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       242776.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK08

Bond balance                                    13.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –



Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                □ Financial institution

Bond code                                       242777.SH

Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK09

Bond balance                                    7.00

Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
   innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                innovation projects

Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
   of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                cultivate unique competitive advantages

Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

Other matters                                   –
118




      SECTION VII                Bonds




      Type of applicable issuer subject of bonds      3 Scientific and technological innovation enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation upgrading enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation investment enterprise
                                                      □ Scientific and technological innovation incumbent enterprise
                                                      □ Financial institution

      Bond code                                       243003.SH

      Bond abbreviation                               GZ YK10

      Bond balance                                    20.00

      Progress of scientific and technological        The issuer is a scientific and technological innovation enterprise issuer in compliance with
         innovation project                           the provisions of Article 7.1.3 of “Section 1 Issuing Body” of “Chapter 7 Scientific and
                                                      Technological Innovation Corporate Bonds” in the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                      Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                      Corporate Bonds. The bond does not involve the progress of scientific and technological
                                                      innovation projects

      Effectiveness of promoting the development      The proceeds will be used to promote technological innovation in all business areas and whole
         of scientific and technological innovation   industry chains of the Company, advance integrated development of infrastructure field and
                                                      cultivate unique competitive advantages

      Operation of fund products (if any)             The agreed use of proceeds of the bond does not involve relevant circumstances

      Other matters                                   –
                                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                    119




                                                                                                         SECTION VII                 Bonds




8.      The Company as the issuer of low-carbon transformation (linked) corporate bonds
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                       Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
 Bond code                                        137535.SH

 Bond abbreviation                                22 CEEC 01

 Bond balance                                     15.00

 Progress of low-carbon transformation            N/A
    project (if any) and its capacity, benefits
    or transformation effects (applicable to
    low-carbon transformation corporate
    bonds)

 Key performance indicator (applicable            From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2023, the total newly installed capacity of clean energy
   to low-carbon transformation-linked            power generation of China Energy Engineering Group Investment Co., Ltd. was not less than
   corporate bonds)                               1.50 million kW (target)

 Achievement of low-carbon transformation         From 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2023, the total newly installed capacity of clean energy
   target (applicable to low-carbon               power generation of China Energy Engineering Group Investment Co., Ltd. was 1.74861 million
   transformation-linked corporate bonds)         kW, which has fulfilled the low-carbon transformation target of no less than 1.50 million kW

 Impact on bond structure (applicable to low- The low-carbon transformation target has been achieved, and the coupon rate of the bond
   carbon transformation-linked corporate     remains unchanged
   bonds)

 Low-carbon transformation benefits               In 2023, the clean energy projects invested and constructed by China Energy Engineering Group
   achieved (applicable to low-carbon             Investment Co., Ltd. reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 618,100 tons, saved 234,800 tons of
   transformation-linked corporate bonds)         standard coal, reduced sulfur dioxide emissions by 64.80 tons, reduced nitrogen oxide emissions
                                                  by 103.84 tons, and reduced dust emissions by 13.27 tons

 Issuance of evaluation opinions or               During the track record period, the bond still met the relevant requirements for low-carbon
    certification reports and main contents of    transformation-linked bonds, Energy China has achieved its low-carbon transformation target,
    the evaluation or certification (applicable   and the coupon rate of the bond remained unchanged
    to low-carbon transformation-linked
    corporate bonds)

 Other matters                                    Nil
120




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      Bond code                                        137782.SH

      Bond abbreviation                                22 GZ Y3

      Bond balance                                     15.00

      Progress of low-carbon transformation            In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
         project (if any) and its capacity, benefits   the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
         or transformation effects (applicable to      issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
         low-carbon transformation corporate           in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
         bonds)                                        benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

      Key performance indicator (applicable            The Company aimed to achieve “comprehensive energy consumption of 99.85 kgce/t per unit
        to low-carbon transformation-linked            of cement clinker of the controlling subsidiary Cement Company” for low-carbon transformation
        corporate bonds)                               in 2024

      Achievement of low-carbon transformation         In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
        target (applicable to low-carbon               the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t, achieving the low-carbon
        transformation-linked corporate bonds)         transformation target

      Impact on bond structure (applicable to low- During the Reporting Period, financial and/or structural changes to the bond were not involved.
        carbon transformation-linked corporate
        bonds)

      Low-carbon transformation benefits               In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
        achieved (applicable to low-carbon             the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
        transformation-linked corporate bonds)         issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
                                                       in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
                                                       benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

      Issuance of evaluation opinions or               According to the evaluation of China Lianhe Equator Environmental Impact Assessment Co., Ltd.,
         certification reports and main contents of    the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company, the
         the evaluation or certification (applicable   controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t in 2024, achieving the low-carbon
         to low-carbon transformation-linked           transformation target, and complying with relevant standard requirements such as the Sustainable
         corporate bonds)                              Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations, the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                       Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                       Corporate Bonds (Revised in 2024) (Shang Zheng Fa [2024] No. 162) and the Environmental and
                                                       Social Sustainability Performance Standards (2012) (International Finance Corporation, IFC).

      Other matters                                    –
                                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     121




                                                                                                         SECTION VII                 Bonds




Bond code                                        137783.SH

Bond abbreviation                                22 GZ Y4

Bond balance                                     15.00

Progress of low-carbon transformation            In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
   project (if any) and its capacity, benefits   the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
   or transformation effects (applicable to      issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
   low-carbon transformation corporate           in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
   bonds)                                        benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

Key performance indicator (applicable            The Company aimed to achieve “comprehensive energy consumption of 99.85 kgce/t per unit
  to low-carbon transformation-linked            of cement clinker of the controlling subsidiary Cement Company” for low-carbon transformation
  corporate bonds)                               in 2024

Achievement of low-carbon transformation         In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
  target (applicable to low-carbon               the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t, achieving the low-carbon
  transformation-linked corporate bonds)         transformation target

Impact on bond structure (applicable to low- During the Reporting Period, financial and/or structural changes to the bond were not involved.
  carbon transformation-linked corporate
  bonds)

Low-carbon transformation benefits               In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
  achieved (applicable to low-carbon             the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
  transformation-linked corporate bonds)         issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
                                                 in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
                                                 benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

Issuance of evaluation opinions or               According to the evaluation of China Lianhe Equator Environmental Impact Assessment Co., Ltd.,
   certification reports and main contents of    the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company, the
   the evaluation or certification (applicable   controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t in 2024, achieving the low-carbon
   to low-carbon transformation-linked           transformation target, and complying with relevant standard requirements such as the Sustainable
   corporate bonds)                              Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations, the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                 Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                 Corporate Bonds (Revised in 2024) (Shang Zheng Fa [2024] No. 162) and the Environmental and
                                                 Social Sustainability Performance Standards (2012) (International Finance Corporation, IFC).

Other matters                                    –
122




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      Bond code                                        137857.SH

      Bond abbreviation                                GZ YK01

      Bond balance                                     18.00

      Progress of low-carbon transformation            In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
         project (if any) and its capacity, benefits   the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
         or transformation effects (applicable to      issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
         low-carbon transformation corporate           in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
         bonds)                                        benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

      Key performance indicator (applicable            The Company aimed to achieve “comprehensive energy consumption of 99.85 kgce/t per unit
        to low-carbon transformation-linked            of cement clinker of the controlling subsidiary Cement Company” for low-carbon transformation
        corporate bonds)                               in 2024

      Achievement of low-carbon transformation         In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
        target (applicable to low-carbon               the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t, achieving the low-carbon
        transformation-linked corporate bonds)         transformation target

      Impact on bond structure (applicable to low- During the Reporting Period, financial and/or structural changes to the bond were not involved.
        carbon transformation-linked corporate
        bonds)

      Low-carbon transformation benefits               In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
        achieved (applicable to low-carbon             the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
        transformation-linked corporate bonds)         issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
                                                       in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
                                                       benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

      Issuance of evaluation opinions or               According to the evaluation of China Lianhe Equator Environmental Impact Assessment Co., Ltd.,
         certification reports and main contents of    the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company, the
         the evaluation or certification (applicable   controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t in 2024, achieving the low-carbon
         to low-carbon transformation-linked           transformation target, and complying with relevant standard requirements such as the Sustainable
         corporate bonds)                              Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations, the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                       Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                       Corporate Bonds (Revised in 2024) (Shang Zheng Fa [2024] No. 162) and the Environmental and
                                                       Social Sustainability Performance Standards (2012) (International Finance Corporation, IFC).

      Other matters                                    –
                                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     123




                                                                                                         SECTION VII                 Bonds




Bond code                                        137858.SH

Bond abbreviation                                GZ YK02

Bond balance                                     12.00

Progress of low-carbon transformation            In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
   project (if any) and its capacity, benefits   the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
   or transformation effects (applicable to      issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
   low-carbon transformation corporate           in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
   bonds)                                        benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

Key performance indicator (applicable            The Company aimed to achieve “comprehensive energy consumption of 99.85 kgce/t per unit
  to low-carbon transformation-linked            of cement clinker of the controlling subsidiary Cement Company” for low-carbon transformation
  corporate bonds)                               in 2024

Achievement of low-carbon transformation         In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
  target (applicable to low-carbon               the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t, achieving the low-carbon
  transformation-linked corporate bonds)         transformation target

Impact on bond structure (applicable to low- During the Reporting Period, financial and/or structural changes to the bond were not involved.
  carbon transformation-linked corporate
  bonds)

Low-carbon transformation benefits               In 2024, the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company,
  achieved (applicable to low-carbon             the controlling subsidiary of the issuer, decreased by 7.79 kgce/t compared to 2021. Based on the
  transformation-linked corporate bonds)         issuer’s cement clinker production of 17.6230 million tons in 2024, the cement production process
                                                 in 2024 saved 137,300 tons of standard coal and reduced CO2 emissions by 303,300 tons. The
                                                 benefits of energy saving and carbon reduction were significant.

Issuance of evaluation opinions or               According to the evaluation of China Lianhe Equator Environmental Impact Assessment Co., Ltd.,
   certification reports and main contents of    the comprehensive energy consumption per unit of cement clinker of Cement Company, the
   the evaluation or certification (applicable   controlling subsidiary of the issuer, reduced to 99.85 kgce/t in 2024, achieving the low-carbon
   to low-carbon transformation-linked           transformation target, and complying with relevant standard requirements such as the Sustainable
   corporate bonds)                              Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations, the Guidelines No. 2 for the Application of
                                                 Corporate Bond Issuance and Listing Review Rules of the Shanghai Stock Exchange – Special
                                                 Corporate Bonds (Revised in 2024) (Shang Zheng Fa [2024] No. 162) and the Environmental and
                                                 Social Sustainability Performance Standards (2012) (International Finance Corporation, IFC).

Other matters                                    –
124




      SECTION VII          Bonds




      9.    The Company as the issuer of financial relief corporate bonds
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      10.   The Company as the issuer of small and medium-sized enterprises support bonds
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      11.   Matters on other special corporate bonds
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      (IV) Important Matters Related to Corporate Bonds during the Reporting Period
      3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

      1.    Non-operating outstanding funds and fund borrowings
      (1)   Balance of non-operating outstanding funds and fund borrowings
      At the beginning of the Reporting Period, the balance of the Company’s consolidated receivable outstanding funds
      and fund borrowings to other parties that were not directly generated by production and operation (hereinafter
      referred to as the “non-operating outstanding funds and fund borrowings”): RMB0 thousand

      During the Reporting Period, whether there was any non-compliance with the relevant covenants or undertakings
      in the prospectus regarding non-operating outstanding funds or fund borrowings
      □ Yes 3 No

      At the end of the Reporting Period, the total amount of unrecovered non-operating outstanding funds and fund
      borrowings: RMB0 thousand

      (2)   Breakdown of non-operating outstanding funds and fund borrowings
      At the end of the Reporting Period, the proportion of the Company’s consolidated unrecovered non-operating
      outstanding funds and fund borrowings in the consolidated net assets: 0%

      Whether it exceeds 10% of the consolidated net assets: □ Yes 3 No

      (3)   Implementation of payment arrangements disclosed during previous reporting periods
      3 Fully implemented □ Not fully implemented
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         125




                                                                                   SECTION VII             Bonds




2.       Liabilities
(1)      Interest-bearing debts and changes therein
1.1      Debt structure of the Company
At the beginning of the Reporting Period and at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of interest-bearing
debts of the Company (based on non-consolidated scope of the Company) was RMB18.301 billion and RMB20.500
billion respectively, with a year-on-year change of 12.02% in the balance of interest-bearing debts during the
Reporting Period.

                                                                                  Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
                                                      Expiration date

                                                                                                            Proportion
                                                                                                         of amount in
                                                       Within 1 year    Over 1 year                   interest-bearing
 Type of interest-bearing debts             Overdue       (inclusive)    (exclusive)   Total amount          debts (%)

 Corporate credit bonds                          0             15.00         74.99           89.99              43.90

 Bank loans                                      0             49.00              0          49.00              23.90

 Non-bank financial institution loans            0             25.00         41.01           66.01              32.20

 Other interest-bearing debts                    0                  0             0              0                  0

 Total                                           0             89.00        116.00          205.00                   -



At the end of the Reporting Period, the existing corporate credit bonds of the Company included the balance of
corporate bonds of RMB4.499 billion, the balance of enterprise bonds of RMB0 billion and the balance of non-
financial corporate debt financing instruments of RMB4.5 billion.
126




      SECTION VII                 Bonds




      1.2      Structure of consolidated interest-bearing debts of the Company
      At the beginning of the Reporting Period and at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of the Company’s
      interest-bearing debts within the scope of the consolidated statements of the Company was RMB274.949 billion
      and RMB314.573 billion respectively, with a year-on-year change of 14.41% in the balance of interest-bearing debts
      during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                             Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
                                                               Expiration date

                                                                                                                       Proportion
                                                                                                                    of amount in
                                                                 Within 1 year     Over 1 year                   interest-bearing
       Type of interest-bearing debts                Overdue        (inclusive)     (exclusive)   Total amount          debts (%)

       Corporate credit bonds                              0            15.00          183.98          198.98               6.31

       Bank loans                                          0           770.69        2,024.73        2,795.42              88.86

       Non-bank financial institution loans                0              0.25          68.63           68.88               2.19

       Other interest-bearing debts                        0            15.43           67.02           82.45               2.64

       Total                                               0           801.37        2,344.36        3,145.73                   -



      At the end of the Reporting Period, the existing consolidated corporate credit bonds of the Company included the
      balance of corporate bonds of RMB14.899 billion, the balance of enterprise bonds of RMB0 billion and the balance
      of nonfinancial corporate debt financing instruments of RMB4.999 billion.

      1.3      Overseas bonds
      As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of overseas bonds issued within the scope of the Company’s
      consolidated statements was RMB0 billion, of which the principal amount maturing within one year (inclusive) was
      RMB0 billion.

      (2)      Overdue situation of interest-bearing debts or corporate credit bonds with overdue amounts
               exceeding RMB10.00 million of the Company and its subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      (3)      Priority solvency liabilities against third parties
      As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were priority solvency liabilities against third parties within the scope
      of the Company’s consolidated statements:
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      (4)      Violations of regulations and agreements
      During the Reporting Period, any violations of laws and regulations, self-regulatory rules, the Articles of Association,
      information disclosure management systems, or the terms and commitments set forth in the bond prospectus, as
      well as the impact of such violations on the rights and interests of bond investors. as well as the impact of such
      violations on the rights and interests of bond investors.
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
(V)         Debt Financing Instruments for Non-Financial Corporates in the Interbank Bond Market
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

1.          Basic information on debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprise


                                                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: ’00 million Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Risk of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Termination
                                                                                                                          Bond     Interest Method to pay principal                          Investor suitability                                 of listing and
 Name of bonds                           Abbreviation            Code           Issue date   Value date   Expiry date   balance   rate (%) and interest               Stock exchange         arrangements (if any)      Transaction mechanism     trading

 First tranche of medium-term notes in 25 CEEC MTN001            102582160.IB   2025-05-26   2025-05-27   2028-05-27     20.00       1.70 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
     2025 of China Energy Engineering                                                                                                         lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
     Corporation Limited                                                                                                                      and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
     (中國能源建設股份有限公司2025年                                                                                                                       annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
     度第一期中期票據)                                                                                                                                                                                      laws and regulations)    Center

 Second tranche of green medium-term 24 CEEC GN002               132480101.IB   2024-11-04   2024-11-05   2029-11-05     15.00       2.27 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
    notes (Carbon Neutral Bonds) in      (Carbon Neutral                                                                                      lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
    2024 of China Energy Engineering     Bonds)                                                                                               and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
    Corporation Limited                                                                                                                       annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
    (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024年                                                                                                                                                                              laws and regulations)    Center
    度第二期綠色中期票據(碳中和債))

 First tranche of green medium-term      24 CEEC GN001B          132480087.IB   2024-09-25   2024-09-26   2034-09-26      5.00       2.35 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
     notes (Technology Innovation Notes)     (Scientific and                                                                                  lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
     (Type II) in 2024 of China Energy       Technological                                                                                    and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
     Engineering Corporation Limited         Innovation Notes)                                                                                annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
     (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024                                                                                                                                                                              laws and regulations)    Center
     年度第一期綠色中期票據(科創票
     據)(品種二))

 First tranche of green medium-term      24 CEEC GN001A          132480086.IB   2024-09-25   2024-09-26   2029-09-26      5.00       2.13 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
     notes (Technology Innovation Notes)     (Scientific and                                                                                  lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
     (Type I) in 2024 of China Energy        Technological                                                                                    and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




     Engineering Corporation Limited         Innovation Notes)                                                                                annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
     (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024                                                                                                                                                                              laws and regulations)    Center
     年度第一期綠色中期票據(科創票
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   SECTION VII
     據)(品種一))



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 127
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               128


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Risk of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Termination
                                                                                                                        Bond     Interest Method to pay principal                          Investor suitability                                 of listing and
Name of bonds                         Abbreviation            Code            Issue date   Value date   Expiry date   balance   rate (%) and interest               Stock exchange         arrangements (if any)      Transaction mechanism     trading

First tranche of medium-term notes in 22 CEEC MTN001          102282647.IB    2022-12-05   2022-12-07   –              30.00       3.85 The interests are paid     Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
    2022 of China Energy Engineering                                                                                                        annually if the issuer      Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 SECTION VII
    Corporation Limited                                                                                                                     does not exercise                                   (apart from those        released by the National
    (中國能源建設股份有限公司2022年                                                                                                                      the right of deferred                               prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
    度第一期中期票據)                                                                                                                               payment of interest.                                laws and regulations)    Center
                                                                                                                                            If the issuer chooses
                                                                                                                                            to redeem the bonds                                                                                                  Bonds
                                                                                                                                            in full on a certain
                                                                                                                                            redemption date
                                                                                                                                            of the bonds, the
                                                                                                                                            interest payment date
                                                                                                                                            of the interest-
                                                                                                                                            bearing year shall be
                                                                                                                                            the repayment date
                                                                                                                                            of the bonds.

First tranche of science and technology 25 CGGC Group          102501417.IB   2025-06-17   2025-06-18   2030-06-18     10.00       1.76 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
    innovation bonds in 2025 of China       MTN001 (Scientific                                                                              lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
    Gezhouba Group Company Limited          and Technological                                                                               and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
    (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2025年度                      Innovation Bonds)                                                                               annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
    第一期科技創新債券)                                                                                                                                                                                    laws and regulations)    Center

Second tranche of medium-term notes 24 CGGC MTN002            102482756.IB    2024-06-25   2024-06-26   2054-06-26     10.00       2.80 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
   in 2024 of China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                          lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
   Company Limited                                                                                                                          and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
   (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024 年                                                                                                                       annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
   度第二期中期票據)                                                                                                                                                                                      laws and regulations)    Center

First tranche of medium-term notes  24 CGGC MTN001            102480318.IB    2024-01-25   2024-01-29   2034-01-29     20.00       2.98 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
    in 2024 of China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                         lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
    Company Limited                                                                                                                         and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
    (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2024年度                                                                                                                      annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
    第一期中期票據)                                                                                                                                                                                      laws and regulations)    Center
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Risk of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Termination
                                                                                                                 Bond     Interest Method to pay principal                          Investor suitability                                 of listing and
Name of bonds                         Abbreviation      Code           Issue date   Value date   Expiry date   balance   rate (%) and interest               Stock exchange         arrangements (if any)      Transaction mechanism     trading

First tranche of medium-term notes  23 CGGC MTN001      102300529.IB   2023-10-25   2023-10-27   –              10.00       3.44 The interests are paid     Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
    in 2023 of China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                  annually if the issuer      Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
    Company Limited                                                                                                                  does not exercise                                   (apart from those        released by the National
    (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2023年度                                                                                                               the right of deferred                               prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
    第一期中期票據)                                                                                                                         payment of interest.                                laws and regulations)    Center
                                                                                                                                     If the issuer chooses
                                                                                                                                     to redeem the bonds
                                                                                                                                     in full on a certain
                                                                                                                                     redemption date
                                                                                                                                     of the bonds, the
                                                                                                                                     interest payment date
                                                                                                                                     of the interest-
                                                                                                                                     bearing year shall be
                                                                                                                                     the repayment date
                                                                                                                                     of the bonds.

First tranche of medium-term notes    24 CGGOI MTN001   102480885.IB   2024-03-14   2024-03-18   2027-03-18     10.00       2.84 The principal is repaid in a Inter-bank Bond        Institutional investors in Implemented pursuant to No
    in 2024 of China Gezhouba Group                                                                                                  lump-sum when due             Market of the PRC       the interbank market     relevant provisions
    Overseas Investment Co., Ltd.                                                                                                    and interests are paid                                (apart from those        released by the National
    (中國葛洲壩集團海外投資有限公司                                                                                                                 annually                                              prohibited by national   Interbank Funding
    2024年度第一期中期票據)                                                                                                                                                                         laws and regulations)    Center




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          SECTION VII



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Bonds

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        129
130




      SECTION VII              Bonds




      Countermeasures of the Company to the risk of delisting and trading of bonds
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      Overdue unsettled bonds
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      Explanation on overdue debts
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      2.      Triggering and enforcement of the option clause, the investor protection clause of the Company
              or investors
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      3.      Adjustments of credit rating results
      3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                               Name of the        Year of rating   Change of      Change of
       Evaluation target       Rating agency      adjustment       rating level   rating outlook   Reasons for the change in rating results

       China Energy            Fitch (Beijing)    2025             Changed        BBB+/Stable       As Fitch downgraded China’s sovereign
         Engineering              Credit Rating                                                       rating from “A+” to “A”, and
         Corporation Limited      Co., Ltd.                                                           Fitch determined the rating of the
                                                                                                      Company based on China’s sovereign
                                                                                                      credit rating from top to bottom.
                                                                                                      This rating adjustment is not related
                                                                                                      to the Company’s own financial
                                                                                                      condition or operating situation.



      In 2025, Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. and China Chengxin International Credit Rating
      Co., Ltd. rated the Company as AAA/Stable, respectively, maintaining the original rating result.

      4.      Implementation and changes of guarantees, debt repayment plans and other debt repayment
              guarantee measures during the Reporting Period and their impact
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      5.      Explanation on other situations of debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable

      (VI) Losses Exceeded 10% of the Net Assets as at the End of the Previous Year under the
           Company’s Consolidated Statements during the Reporting Period
      □ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED               2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                       131




                                                                                                    SECTION VII           Bonds




(VII) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators
3 Applicable   □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                       Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                            Increase or decrease
                                                                                   at the end of
                                        End of the                           Reporting Period as
                                         Reporting                            compared with the
 Major indicators                           Period      End of last year     end of last year (%)    Reason for change

 Current ratio                                1.02                 1.02

 Quick ratio                                  0.84                 0.85                    -1.18

 Gearing ratio (%)                         77.72%              76.31%                       1.85



                                                                            Increase or decrease
                                                                                in the Reporting
                                                                                        Period as
                                    The Reporting       Corresponding        compared with the
                                   Period (January           period of     corresponding period
                                           to June)           last year          of last year (%)    Reason for change

 Net profit after deducting
   nonrecurring gains and losses         2,521,383           2,327,618                      8.32

 EBITDA to total debts ratio                  0.02                 0.02

 Interest coverage ratio                         3                 2.82                     6.38

 Cash interest coverage ratio                 -4.09               -4.24                    -3.54

 EBITDA interest coverage ratio               4.56                 3.95                   15.44

 Loan repayment rate (%)                       100                 100

 Interest repayment ratio (%)                  100                 100



II.     CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS
□ Applicable   3 Not Applicable
132




      SECTION VIII FINANCIAL REPORT


      I.    AUDITORS’ REPORT
      ✓ Applicable   □ Not Applicable
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           133




                                                                                 REVIEW REPORT


                                                                                  Tian Jian Shen [2025] No. 1-1759

To the Shareholders of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited:

We have reviewed the attached financial statements of China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (hereinafter
referred to as “CEEC”), which comprise the consolidated and company balance sheets as at 30 June 2025,
the consolidated and company income statement, the consolidated and company statement of cash flows, the
consolidated and company statement of changes in owners’ equity for January to June 2025, and relevant notes to
the financial statements. Preparation of these financial statements is the responsibility of the management of CEEC.
Our responsibility is to deliver a report on review of such financial statements based on our review.

We conducted our review in accordance with China Certified Public Accountant Review Standard No. 2101 – Review
of Financial Statements. The Standard requires us to plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about
whether the financial statements are free from material misstatements. The review is limited primarily to the enquiry of
relevant personnel of CEEC and the analytical procedures applied to the financial data, thus providing less assurance
than an audit. As we have not performed an audit, we do not express an audit opinion.

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the financial statements are
not prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and cannot fairly present the
consolidated and company financial position, operating performance and cash flows of CEEC in all material respects.




Pan-China Certified Public Accountants LLP                 Chinese Certified Public Accountant: Wang Wenfeng

Hangzhou, the PRC                                          Chinese Certified Public Accountant: Xie Xiaoliu

                                                           28 August 2025
134




      FINANCIAL REPORT


      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

            Consolidated Balance Sheet
            As at 30 June 2025
            Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                      As at            As at
                                                                                    30 June     31 December
             Item                                                       Note           2025            2024

             Current assets:
               Cash at bank and on hand                                 VII.1     88,558,734     91,162,208
               Settlement reserves fund
               Placements with banks and other financial institutions
               Financial assets held for trading                        VII.2       120,909         420,989
               Derivative financial assets
               Bills receivables                                        VII.3      4,058,327      4,191,330
               Trade receivables                                        VII.4     99,084,407     85,237,305
               Receivables financing                                    VII.6      1,251,453      1,088,616
               Prepayments                                              VII.7     38,211,627     30,179,673
               Premiums receivable
               Reinsurance accounts receivable
               Reinsurance contract reserve receivable
               Other receivables                                        VII.8     32,286,370     32,257,779
               Financial asset purchased under resold agreement
               Inventories                                              VII.9     83,086,334     74,877,095
               Including: Digital resource
               Contract assets                                          VII.5    117,195,655    103,655,338
               Assets classified as held for sale
               Non-current assets due within one year                   VII.10     3,942,122      7,170,362
               Other current assets                                     VII.11    23,698,964     17,063,955

                 Total current assets                                            491,494,902    447,304,650
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        135




                                                                                            Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Balance Sheet (Continued)
      As at 30 June 2025
      Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                          As at               As at
                                                                                        30 June        31 December
       Item                                                             Note               2025               2024

       Non-current assets:
         Loans and advances to customers                                              3,368,188           3,474,586
         Debt investments
         Other debt investments
         Long-term receivables                                         VII.12        30,205,502          28,410,056
         Long-term equity investments                                  VII.13        55,522,764          52,770,648
         Other investment in equity instruments                        VII.14         2,594,632           2,566,773
         Other non-current financial assets                            VII.15        13,976,078          12,998,218
         Investment properties                                         VII.16         1,083,413             895,080
         Fixed assets                                                  VII.17        81,685,625          73,934,087
         Construction in progress                                      VII.18        44,291,656          37,212,340
         Productive biological assets
         Oil and gas assets
         Right-of-use assets                                           VII.19         4,099,387           4,395,752
         Intangible assets                                             VII.20       102,659,695         100,521,685
         Including: Digital resource
         Development expenditure                                                        300,727             256,856
         Including: Digital resource
         Goodwill                                                      VII.21         2,847,466           2,624,844
         Long-term prepaid expenses                                    VII.22           888,613             779,223
         Deferred income tax assets                                    VII.23         3,733,462           3,561,473
         Other non-current assets                                      VII.24        99,982,954          97,298,505

           Total non-current assets                                                 447,240,162         421,700,126

              Total assets                                                          938,735,064         869,004,776
136




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Consolidated Balance Sheet (Continued)
            As at 30 June 2025
            Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                      As at           As at
                                                                                    30 June    31 December
             Item                                                       Note           2025           2024

             Current liabilities:
               Short-term borrowings                                    VII.26    56,802,333    40,192,548
               Borrowings from central bank
               Placements from banks and other financial institutions
               Financial liabilities held for trading
               Derivative financial liabilities
               Bills payable                                            VII.27    18,933,019    16,795,080
               Trade payables                                           VII.28   199,891,671   188,538,218
               Receipts in advance                                      VII.29       31,938         30,878
               Contract liabilities                                     VII.30    96,810,940    78,993,313
               Financial asset sold under repurchase agreement
               Receipts of deposits and deposits from other banks                  3,608,956     3,528,424
               Brokerage for trading securities
               Brokerage for underwriting securities
               Employee benefits payable                                VII.31     2,408,081     2,505,028
               Taxes payable                                            VII.32     5,737,912     7,619,399
               Other payables                                           VII.33    69,959,612    69,197,532
               Fee and commission payable
               Reinsurance accounts payables
               Liabilities held for sale
               Non-current liabilities due within one year              VII.34    24,277,811    23,750,753
               Other current liabilities                                VII.35     5,280,455     6,078,580

                 Total current liabilities                                       483,742,728   437,229,753
                                                     CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED            2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                   137




                                                                                                      Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Balance Sheet (Continued)
      As at 30 June 2025
      Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                                    As at                As at
                                                                                                  30 June         31 December
       Item                                                                 Note                     2025                2024
       Non-current liabilities:
         Reserves for insurance contracts
         Long-term borrowings                                               VII.36          209,786,202            193,009,617
         Bonds payable                                                      VII.37           18,398,218             13,999,319
         Including: Preference shares
                     Perpetual bonds
         Lease liabilities                                                  VII.38               2,711,266           2,720,892
         Long-term payables                                                 VII.39               4,080,377           5,336,339
         Long-term employee benefits payable                                VII.40               6,513,023           6,744,663
         Accrued liabilities                                                VII.41                169,308              176,988
         Deferred revenue                                                   VII.42                719,633              738,600
         Deferred income tax liabilities                                    VII.23               2,151,304           2,106,070
         Other non-current liabilities                                      VII.43               1,334,261           1,113,456
           Total non-current liabilities                                                    245,863,592            225,945,944
              Total liabilities                                                             729,606,320            663,175,697

       Owners’ equity (or Shareholders’ equity):
         Paid-in capital (or share capital)                                 VII.44           41,691,164             41,691,164
         Other equity instruments                                           VII.45               9,000,000           9,000,000
         Including: Preference shares
                     Perpetual bonds                                                             9,000,000           9,000,000
         Capital reserves                                                   VII.46           17,655,915             17,662,305
         Less: Treasury shares
         Other comprehensive income                                         VII.47                275,295              -11,812
         Special reserve                                                    VII.48               1,913,682           1,737,358
         Surplus reserve                                                    VII.49           11,306,717             11,306,717
         General risk reserve
         Retained earnings                                                  VII.50           36,148,079             34,625,449
       Total equity attributable to owners of the parent company (or
         Shareholders’ equity)                                                              117,990,852            116,011,181
       Minority interests                                                                    91,137,892             89,817,898
       Total owners’ equity (or Shareholders’ equity)                                       209,128,744            205,829,079
       Total liabilities and owners’ equity (or Shareholders’ equity)                       938,735,064            869,004,776


      Legal representative:            Principal in charge of accounting:            Head of accounting department:
      Ni Zhen                          Chen Yong                                     Liu Aijun
138




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Balance Sheet of the Parent
            As at 30 June 2025
            Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                       As at            As at
                                                                                     30 June     31 December
             Item                                                       Note            2025            2024
             Current assets:
               Cash at bank and on hand                                             2,011,028        413,036
               Financial assets held for trading
               Derivative financial assets
               Bills receivables
               Trade receivables                                        XVIII.1       36,440          51,064
               Receivables financing
               Prepayments                                                              3,861          7,037
               Centralized management of receivables                                   81,824        220,015
               Other receivables                                        XVIII.2     1,678,088      3,296,788
               Inventories                                                              4,786          3,015
               Including: Digital resource
               Contract assets                                                        99,941         144,572
               Assets classified as held for sale
               Non-current assets due within one year                                 26,464          29,027
               Other current assets                                                  700,836         277,637
                 Total current assets                                               4,643,268      4,442,191

             Non-current assets:
              Debt investments                                                      6,721,800      6,486,000
              Other debt investments
              Long-term receivables
              Long-term equity investments                              XVIII.3   104,668,443    103,103,217
              Other investment in equity instruments                                   18,000         18,000
              Other non-current financial assets                                      307,350        307,350
              Investment properties
              Fixed assets                                                            61,595          66,904
              Construction in progress                                                 6,212           8,471
              Productive biological assets
              Oil and gas assets
              Right-of-use assets
              Intangible assets                                                       85,485          77,235
              Including: Digital resource
              Development expenditure                                                 90,335          94,356
              Including: Digital resource
              Goodwill
              Long-term prepaid expenses                                                 308             380
              Deferred income tax assets
              Other non-current assets                                               162,410         163,922
                 Total non-current assets                                         112,121,938    110,325,835
                    Total assets                                                  116,765,206    114,768,026
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         139




                                                                                             Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Balance Sheet of the Parent (Continued)
      As at 30 June 2025
      Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                         30 June        31 December
       Item                                                              Note               2025               2024
       Current liabilities:
         Short-term borrowings                                                         6,100,000           7,200,000
         Financial liabilities held for trading
         Derivative financial liabilities
         Bills payable
         Trade payables                                                                  196,813             423,803
         Receipts in advance
         Contract liabilities                                                             46,540
         Employee benefits payable                                                        33,745              37,186
         Taxes payable                                                                     1,024              12,498
         Other payables                                                               10,528,042           9,609,855
         Liabilities held for sale
         Non-current liabilities due within one year                                   2,903,706           3,551,450
         Other current liabilities

           Total current liabilities                                                  19,809,870          20,834,792

       Non-current liabilities:
         Long-term borrowings                                                          4,101,000           4,101,000
         Bonds payable                                                                 7,498,750           3,500,000
         Including: Preference shares
                     Perpetual bonds
         Lease liabilities
         Long-term payables                                                               89,300              88,811
         Long-term employee benefits payable
         Accrued liabilities
         Deferred revenue
         Deferred income tax liabilities
         Other non-current liabilities

           Total non-current liabilities                                              11,689,050           7,689,811

              Total liabilities                                                       31,498,920          28,524,603
140




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Balance Sheet of the Parent (Continued)
            As at 30 June 2025
            Prepared by: China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited

                                                                                                       As at           As at
                                                                                                     30 June    31 December
             Item                                                                Note                   2025           2024
             Owners’ equity (or Shareholders’ equity):
               Paid-in capital (or share capital)                                               41,691,164       41,691,164
               Other equity instruments                                                             9,000,000     9,000,000
               Including: Preference shares
                          Perpetual bonds                                                           9,000,000     9,000,000
               Capital reserves                                                                 32,087,877       32,087,877
               Less: Treasury shares
               Other comprehensive income
               Special reserve                                                                         4,042          4,043
               Surplus reserve                                                                      1,562,495     1,562,495
               Retained earnings                                                                     920,708      1,897,844
             Total owners’ equity (or Shareholders’ equity)                                     85,266,286       86,243,423
             Total liabilities and owners’ equity (or Shareholders’ equity)                    116,765,206      114,768,026


            Legal representative:           Principal in charge of accounting:          Head of accounting department:
            Ni Zhen                         Chen Yong                                   Liu Aijun
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                             141




                                                                                                Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Income Statement
      January to June 2025
                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
       Item                                                                   Note          1H 2025             1H 2024

       I.    Total operating revenue                                                    212,091,238          194,261,759
             Including: Operating revenue                                     VII.51    212,091,238          194,261,759
                       Interest income
                       Premiums earned
                       Fee and commission income

       II.   Total operating cost                                                       205,137,399          187,236,471
             Including: Operating cost                                        VII.51    188,154,591          170,572,359
                       Interest expenses
                       Fee and commission expenses
                       Surrender payment
                       Net expenditure for compensation
                       Net provision for insurance contracts
                       Expenditures for policy dividend
                       Reinsurance expenditures
                       Tax and surcharges                                     VII.52        792,935              687,306
                       Selling and distribution expenses                      VII.53      1,082,070            1,003,250
                       Administrative expenses                                VII.54      6,920,663            7,097,739
                       Research and development expenses                      VII.55      5,351,934            4,822,492
                       Finance costs                                          VII.56      2,835,206            3,053,325
                       Including: Interest expenses                                       3,275,754            3,425,005
                                    Interest income                                         731,726              474,573
             Add: Other gains                                                 VII.57        220,484              283,439
                  Investment income (loss is represented by “-”)              VII.58         55,226              -54,752
                  Including: Gains from investment in associates and joint
                              ventures                                                      -328,329            -295,149
                  Gains on derecognition of financial assets at amortized
                    cost (loss is represented by “-”)                                        -15,980                -532
                  Gains from exchange (loss is represented by “-”)
                  Net exposure hedging income (loss is represented by
                    “-”)
                  Gains on changes in fair value (loss is represented by
                    “-”)                                                      VII.59          -5,996                -964
                  Credit impairment losses (loss is represented by “-”)       VII.60        -706,561            -963,394
                  Assets impairment losses (loss is represented by “-”)       VII.61        -154,462            -302,877
                  Gains on disposals of assets (loss is represented by “-”)   VII.62         55,323              114,084
142




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Consolidated Income Statement (Continued)
            January to June 2025

             Item                                                                    Note      1H 2025     1H 2024

             III.   Operating profit (loss is represented by “-”)                             6,417,853   6,100,824
                    Add: Non-operating income                                        VII.63    263,722     225,422
                    Less: Non-operating expense                                      VII.64    119,284     105,691
             IV. Total profit (total loss is represented by “-”)                              6,562,291   6,220,555
                    Less: Income tax expenses                                        VII.65   1,759,259   1,674,434
             V.     Net profit (net loss is represented by “-”)                               4,803,032   4,546,121
                    (I) Classified by continuity of operations
                      1. Net profit from continuing operations (net loss is
                          represented by “-”)                                                 4,803,032   4,546,121
                      2. Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss is
                          represented by “-”)
                    (II) Classified by ownership of equity
                      1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent
                          (net loss is represented by “-”)                                    2,801,838   2,781,881
                      2. Minority interests (net loss is represented by “-”)                  2,001,194   1,764,240

             VI. Other comprehensive income, net of tax                              VII.66    286,833     -440,288
                    (I) Other comprehensive income attributable to the owners
                          of the parent, net of tax                                            283,314     -430,179
                      1. Other comprehensive income that cannot be reclassified
                          to profit or loss                                                      -4,650    -211,768
                        (1) Changes arising from the re-measurement of defined
                             benefit plan                                                          132     -218,343
                        (2) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                             reclassified to profit or loss under equity method
                        (3) Change in fair value of other investment in equity
                             instrument                                                          -4,782      6,575
                        (4) Change in fair value of credit risk of corporate
                      2. Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified to
                          profit or loss                                                       287,964     -218,411
                        (1) Other comprehensive income that can be reclassified
                             into profit or loss under the equity method
                        (2) Changes in fair value of other debt investments
                        (3) Financial assets reclassified into other comprehensive
                              income
                        (4) Credit impairment provision for other debt
                             investments
                        (5) Hedging reserves from cash flows
                        (6) Translation differences of foreign currency financial
                             statements                                                        287,964     -218,411
                        (7) Others
                    (II) Other comprehensive income attributable to minority
                          interests, net of tax                                                  3,519      -10,109
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED         2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                 143




                                                                                                    Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Income Statement (Continued)
      January to June 2025

       Item                                                                 Note                1H 2025             1H 2024

       VII. Total comprehensive income                                                         5,089,865           4,105,833
           (I) Total comprehensive income attributable to the owners of
                 the parent                                                                    3,085,152           2,351,702
           (II) Total comprehensive income attributable to minority
                 interests                                                                     2,004,713           1,754,131
       VIII. Earnings per share:
           (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                                 0.06                0.06
           (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                              0.06                0.06


      Legal representative:         Principal in charge of accounting:             Head of accounting department:
      Ni Zhen                       Chen Yong                                      Liu Aijun
144




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Income Statement of the Parent
            January to June 2025

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
             Item                                                                 Note      1H 2025        1H 2024

             I.     Operating revenue                                             XVIII.4   104,882         244,856
                    Less: Operating cost                                          XVIII.4    86,246         236,502
                         Tax and surcharges                                                   6,568             68
                         Selling and distribution expenses
                         Administrative expenses                                            233,769         236,218
                         Research and development expenses
                         Finance costs                                                      239,011          94,296
                         Including: Interest expenses                                       237,679          95,958
                                     Interest income                                           786            1,480
                    Add: Other gains                                                          1,634           1,088
                         Investment income (loss is represented by “-”)           XVIII.5   757,270         256,226
                         Including: Gains from investment in associates and
                                      joint ventures
                                    Gains on derecognition of financial assets
                                      at amortized cost (loss is represented by
                                      “-”)
                         Net exposure hedging income (loss is represented by
                           “-”)
                         Gains on changes in fair value (loss is represented by
                           “-”)
                         Credit impairment losses (loss is represented by “-”)
                         Assets impairment losses (loss is represented by “-”)
                         Gains on disposals of assets (loss is represented by
                           “-”)

             II.    Operating profit (loss is represented by “-”)                           298,192         -64,914
                    Add: Non-operating income                                                   87               1
                    Less: Non-operating expenses

             III.   Total profit (total loss is represented by “-”)                         298,279         -64,913
                    Less: Income tax expenses                                                                   22

             IV. Net profit (net loss is represented by “-”)                                298,279         -64,935
                    (I) Net profit from continuing operations (net loss is
                          represented by “-”)                                               298,279         -64,935
                    (II) Net profit from discontinued operations (net loss is
                          represented by “-”)
                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                145




                                                                                                   Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Income Statement of the Parent (Continued)
      January to June 2025

       Item                                                                  Note               1H 2025            1H 2024

       V.   Other comprehensive income, net of tax
            (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be reclassified
                  to profit or loss
                1. Changes arising from the re-measurement of defined
                    benefit plan
                2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                    reclassified to profit or loss under equity method
                3. Change in fair value of other investment in equity
                    instrument
                4. Change in fair value of credit risk of corporate
            (II) Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified
                  into profit or loss
                1. Other comprehensive income that can be reclassified
                    into profit or loss under the equity method
                2. Changes in fair value of other debt investments
                3. Financial assets reclassified into other comprehensive
                     income
                4. Credit impairment provision for other debt
                     investments
                5. Hedging reserves from cash flows
                6. Translation differences of foreign currency financial
                     statements
                7. Others

       VI. Total comprehensive income                                                           298,279             -64,935

       VII. Earnings per share:
            (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
            (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)


      Legal representative:           Principal in charge of accounting:            Head of accounting department:
      Ni Zhen                         Chen Yong                                     Liu Aijun
146




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Consolidated Cash Flows Statement
            January to June 2025
                                                                                             Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
             Item                                                                Note        1H 2025         1H 2024

             I.   Cash flows from operating activities:
                  Cash received from the sales of goods and the rendering of
                    services                                                              213,439,987    178,423,950
                  Net increase in deposits from customer and interbank
                  Net increase in borrowings from central bank
                  Net increase in placements from other financial institutions
                  Cash received from premiums under original insurance
                    contracts
                  Net cash received from reinsurance business
                  Net increase in deposits and investments from policyholders
                  Cash received from interest, fee and commission
                  Net increase in placements
                  Net increase in capital from repurchase business
                  Net cash from brokerage for trading securities
                  Refund of taxes and surcharges                                             501,679         261,954
                  Cash received from other operation related activities          VII.67     1,466,928      1,835,756

                  Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                     215,408,594    180,521,660

                  Cash paid for goods and services                                        201,706,648    170,967,060
                  Net increase in loans and advances to customers
                  Net increase in deposits with central bank and other banks
                  Cash paid for compensation payments under original
                    insurance contracts
                  Net increase in placements with banks and other financial
                    institutions
                  Cash paid for interest, fee and commission
                  Cash paid for policyholder dividends
                  Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                  15,851,328     14,814,697
                  Tax and charges paid                                                      7,608,013      5,624,997
                  Cash paid for other operation related activities               VII.67     3,643,498      3,629,903

                  Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities                    228,809,487    195,036,657

                  Net cash flows from operating activities                                -13,400,893     -14,514,997
                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                               147




                                                                                                  Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Cash Flows Statement (Continued)
      January to June 2025

       Item                                                                   Note            1H 2025             1H 2024

       II.   Cash flows from investing activities:
             Cash received from disposal of investments                                    13,321,160            5,717,875
             Cash from investment income                                                      225,202              174,623
             Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible
               assets and other long-term assets                                              147,201              131,795
             Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other
               business units                                                                   2,644
             Cash received from other investment related activities           VII.67        7,329,381            8,132,323

             Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                           21,025,588           14,156,616

             Cash paid for purchasing and constructing fixed assets,
               intangible assets and other long-term assets                                21,434,757           24,456,255
             Cash paid for investment                                                      19,149,654           10,170,804
             Net increase in pledged loans
             Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other business units                   244,619               68,620
             Cash paid relating to other investing activities                 VII.67        5,651,627            6,040,050

             Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities                          46,480,657           40,735,729

             Net cash flows from investing activities                                      -25,455,069         -26,579,113

       III. Cash flows from financing activities:
             Cash received from capital contribution                                        5,404,762            3,295,646
             Including: Cash received from capital contributions by
                         minority shareholders of subsidiaries                              5,404,762            3,295,646
             Cash received from borrowings                                                 78,371,761           86,934,179
             Cash received relating to other financing activities             VII.67        3,316,422            1,171,955

             Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                           87,092,945           91,401,780

             Cash repayments of borrowings                                                 39,290,068           40,875,021
             Cash payments for distribution of dividends, profits or
               interest expenses                                                            5,108,229            5,572,318
             Including: Cash payments for dividends or profit to minority
                         shareholders of subsidiaries                                         831,079            1,338,781
             Cash paid relating to other financing activities                 VII.67        6,490,559            6,894,598

             Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                          50,888,856           53,341,937

             Net cash flows from financing activities                                      36,204,089           38,059,843
148




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Consolidated Cash Flows Statement (Continued)
            January to June 2025

             Item                                                              Note                 1H 2025      1H 2024

             IV. Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash
                 and cash equivalents                                                                74,579       -79,042

             V.   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       -2,577,294   -3,113,309
                  Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalent at the beginning
                         of the period                                                        82,101,475       68,136,020

             VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of
                 the period                                                                   79,524,181       65,022,711


            Legal representative:         Principal in charge of accounting:          Head of accounting department:
            Ni Zhen                       Chen Yong                                   Liu Aijun
                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              149




                                                                                                  Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Cash Flows Statement of the Parent
      January to June 2025

                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
       Item                                                                   Note            1H 2025            1H 2024

       I.    Cash flows from operating activities:
             Cash received from the sales of goods and the rendering of
               services                                                                       240,337              56,762
             Refund of taxes and surcharges                                                       519                 116
             Cash received from other operation related activities                            293,011             218,713

             Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                              533,867             275,591

             Cash paid for goods and services                                                 312,148              24,073
             Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                                          166,421             153,262
             Tax and charges paid                                                              32,623                 800
             Cash paid for other operation related activities                                 468,288             371,413

             Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities                             979,480             549,548

             Net cash flows from operating activities                                        -445,613            -273,957

       II.   Cash flows from investing activities:
             Cash received from disposal of investments
             Cash from investment income                                                    2,760,640           1,816,563
             Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets, intangible
               assets and other long-term assets
             Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and other
               business units
             Cash received from other investment related activities                            67,817

             Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                            2,828,457           1,816,563

             Cash paid for purchasing and constructing fixed assets,
               intangible assets and other long-term assets                                    13,741              25,092
             Cash paid for investment                                                       1,612,580           2,723,864
             Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other business units
             Cash paid relating to other investing activities                                 720,000             521,000

             Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities                           2,346,321           3,269,956

             Net cash flows from investing activities                                         482,136          -1,453,393
150




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Cash Flows Statement of the Parent (Continued)
            January to June 2025

             Item                                                               Note                1H 2025      1H 2024

             III. Cash flow from financing activities:
                  Cash received from capital contribution
                  Cash received from borrowings                                                    7,300,000    5,000,000
                  Cash received relating to other financing activities

                  Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                              7,300,000    5,000,000

                  Cash repayments of borrowings                                                    5,100,000    3,000,000
                  Cash payments for distribution of dividends, profits or
                    interest expenses                                                               739,996       97,955
                  Cash paid relating to other financing activities                                    1,390

                  Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                             5,841,386    3,097,955

                  Net cash flows from financing activities                                         1,458,614    1,902,045

             IV. Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and
                 cash equivalents                                                                      -330             209

             V.   Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        1,494,807     174,904
                  Add: Balance of cash and cash equivalent at the beginning
                         of the period                                                              597,508      367,535

             VI. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end
                 of the period                                                                     2,092,315     542,439


            Legal representative:          Principal in charge of accounting:          Head of accounting department:
            Ni Zhen                        Chen Yong                                   Liu Aijun
II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity
      January to June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                            1H 2025
                                                                                                           Equity attributable to owners of the parent
                                                    Paid-in    Other equity instruments
                                                    capital                                                    Less:        Other                                                                                                     Total
                                                 (or share Preferred Perpetual                   Capital   Treasury comprehensive          Special       Surplus     General Undistributed                            Minority      owners’
       Item                                        capital)   shares      bonds      Others      reserve     shares       income           reserve       reserve risk reserve       profits   Others     Sub-total    interests      equity
       I. Closing balance of last year            41,691,164           9,000,000              17,662,305                     -11,812     1,737,358 11,306,717                    34,625,449            116,011,181 89,817,898 205,829,079
            Add: Change in accounting
                       policies
                   Correction of previous
                       accounting errors
            Others
       II. Opening balance for the year 41,691,164                     9,000,000              17,662,305                     -11,812     1,737,358 11,306,717                    34,625,449            116,011,181 89,817,898 205,829,079
       III. Changes for the period (decrease
                represented by “-”)                                                               -6,390                     287,107       176,324                                1,522,630             1,979,671    1,319,994    3,299,665
            (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                   283,314                                              2,801,838             3,085,152    2,004,713    5,089,865
            (II) Contribution from owners
                     and reduction of capital                                                     -6,390                                                                                                    -6,390     344,320      337,930
                  1. Injection of ordinary shares
                       from owners                                                                -4,009                                                                                                    -4,009   1,612,018    1,608,009
                  2. Capital contribution by
                       other equity instrument
                       holders
                  3. Amount of share-based
                       payments included in
                       owner’s equity
                  4. Others                                                                       -2,381                                                                                                    -2,381   -1,267,698   -1,270,079
            (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                            -1,275,415             -1,275,415   -1,049,136   -2,324,551
                  1. Withdrawn from surplus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                       reserve
                  2. Withdrawn from general
                       risk reserve
                  3. Distribution to owners (or
                       shareholders)                                                                                                                                             -1,092,309             -1,092,309   -1,049,136   -2,141,445
                  4. Others                                                                                                                                                        -183,106               -183,106                  -183,106
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report         2025 INTERIM REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  151
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              152


II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity (Continued)
      January to June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                         1H 2025
                                                                                                        Equity attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report

                                                 Paid-in    Other equity instruments
                                                 capital                                                    Less:        Other                                                                                                    Total
                                              (or share Preferred Perpetual                   Capital   Treasury comprehensive          Special       Surplus     General Undistributed                           Minority      owners’
       Item                                     capital)   shares      bonds      Others      reserve     shares       income           reserve       reserve risk reserve       profits   Others     Sub-total   interests      equity
         (IV) Internal carry-forward of
                 owners’ equity                                                                                             3,793                                                 -3,793
              1. Capital reserve converting
                   to capital (or share
                   capital)
              2. Surplus reserve converting
                   to capital (or share
                   capital)
              3. Surplus reserve used to
                   compensate deficit
              4. Changes in defined
                   benefit scheme carried
                   forward to retained
                   earnings
              5. Other comprehensive
                   income carried forward
                   to retained earnings                                                                                     3,793                                                 -3,793
              6. Others
         (V) Special reserve                                                                                                            176,324                                                        176,324      20,097      196,421
              1. Withdrawn during the
                   period                                                                                                             2,613,922                                                       2,613,922    116,758     2,730,680
              2. Utilized during the period                                                                                          -2,437,598                                                      -2,437,598    -96,661    -2,534,259
           (VI) Others
       IV. Balance at the end of the period 41,691,164              9,000,000              17,655,915                     275,295     1,913,682 11,306,717                    36,148,079            117,990,852 91,137,892 209,128,744
II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity (Continued)
      January to June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                              1H 2024
                                                                                                                          Equity attributable to owners of the parent
                                               Paid-in capital          Other equity instruments                                Less:              Other
                                                    (or share    Preferred       Perpetual                      Capital     Treasury comprehensive                Special     Surplus   General risk Undistributed                              Minority Total owners’
       Item                                           capital)      shares           bonds         Others       reserve       shares             income           reserve     reserve       reserve         profits   Others      Sub-total     interests       equity
       I. Closing balance of last year             41,691,164                   9,500,000                   17,677,805                         964,415        1,257,717     9,525,293                   29,848,343             110,464,737    77,788,142 188,252,879
            Add: Change in accounting policies
                   Correction of previous
                        accounting errors
            Others
       II. Opening balance for the year            41,691,164                   9,500,000                   17,677,805                         964,415        1,257,717     9,525,293                   29,848,343             110,464,737    77,788,142 188,252,879
       III. Changes for the period (decrease
                represented by “-”)                                                                             -2,133                        -448,123          423,335                                  2,632,500               2,605,579    1,139,104      3,744,683
            (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                    -430,179                                                   2,781,881               2,351,702    1,754,131      4,105,833
            (II) Contribution from owners and
                     reduction of capital                                                                       -2,133                                                                                                              -2,133      297,480       295,347
                  1. Injection of ordinary shares
                       from owners                                                                                                                                                                                                              295,646       295,646
                  2. Capital contribution by other
                       equity instrument holders
                  3. Amount of share-based
                       payments included in
                       owner’s equity
                  4. Others                                                                                     -2,133                                                                                                              -2,133        1,834          -299



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report         2025 INTERIM REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            153
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      154


II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity (Continued)
      January to June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                        1H 2024
                                                                                                                                    Equity attributable to owners of the parent
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report
                                                       Paid-in capital            Other equity instruments                                Less:              Other
                                                            (or share      Preferred       Perpetual                      Capital     Treasury comprehensive                Special     Surplus   General risk Undistributed                              Minority Total owners’
       Item                                                   capital)        shares           bonds         Others       reserve       shares             income           reserve     reserve       reserve         profits   Others      Sub-total     interests       equity
              (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                             -167,325                -167,325     -939,143     -1,106,468
                    1. Withdrawn from surplus
                         reserve
                    2. Withdrawn from general
                         risk reserve
                    3. Distribution to owners (or
                         shareholders)                                                                                                                                                                                                                   -939,143       -939,143
                    4. Others                                                                                                                                                                                       -167,325                -167,325                    -167,325
              (IV) Internal carry-forward of
                    owners’ equity                                                                                                                       -17,944                                                      17,944
                    1. Capital reserve converting to
                         capital (or share capital)
                    2. Surplus reserve converting to
                         capital (or share capital)
                    3. Surplus reserve used to
                         compensate deficit
                    4. Changes in defined benefit
                         scheme carried forward to
                         retained earnings
                    5. Other comprehensive income
                         carried forward to retained
                         earnings                                                                                                                        -17,944                                                      17,944
                    6. Others
              (V) Special reserve                                                                                                                                           423,335                                                          423,335       26,636        449,971
                    1. Withdrawn during the period                                                                                                                        2,437,991                                                        2,437,991       97,499      2,535,490
                    2. Utilized during the period                                                                                                                        -2,014,656                                                       -2,014,656      -70,863     -2,085,519
              (VI) Others
       IV. Balance at the end of the period              41,691,164                       9,500,000                   17,675,672                         516,292        1,681,052     9,525,293                   32,480,843             113,070,316    78,927,246 191,997,562


      Legal representative:                                              Principal in charge of accounting:                                              Head of accounting department:
      Ni Zhen                                                            Chen Yong                                                                       Liu Aijun
                                                                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  155




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report




II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity of the Parent
      January to June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                   1H 2025
                                                                  Paid-in capital       Other equity instruments                            Less:        Other                                           Total
                                                                       (or share    Preferred Perpetual                      Capital    Treasury comprehensive   Special    Surplus Undistributed      owners’
       Item                                                              capital)      shares       bonds        Others      reserve      shares       income    reserve    reserve        profits      equity
       I. Closing balance of last year                               41,691,164                  9,000,000                32,087,877                              4,043    1,562,495    1,897,844    86,243,423
              Add: Change in accounting policies
              Correction of previous accounting errors
              Others
       II. Opening balance for the year                              41,691,164                  9,000,000                32,087,877                              4,043    1,562,495    1,897,844    86,243,423
       III. Changes for the period (decrease represented
              by “-”)                                                                                                                                                 -1                 -977,136      -977,137
              (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                              298,279      298,279
              (II) Contribution from owners and reduction
                     of capital
                  1. Injection of ordinary shares from owners
                  2. Capital contribution by other equity
                      instrument holders
                  3. Amount of share-based payments included in
                      owner’s equity
                  4. Others
              (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                 -1,275,415   -1,275,415
                  1. Withdrawn from surplus reserve
                  2. Distribution to owners (or shareholders)                                                                                                                           -1,092,309   -1,092,309
                  3. Others                                                                                                                                                              -183,106      -183,106
              (IV) Internal carry-forward of owners’ equity
                  1. Capital reserve converting to capital (or
                      share capital)
                  2. Surplus reserve converting to capital (or
                       share capital)
                  3. Surplus reserve used to compensate deficit
                  4. Changes in defined benefit scheme carried
                      forward to retained earnings
                  5. Other comprehensive income carried forward
                      to retained earnings
                  6. Others
              (V) Special reserve                                                                                                                                     -1                                     -1
                  1. Withdrawn during the period                                                                                                                  4,099                                   4,099
                  2. Utilized during the period                                                                                                                   -4,100                                 -4,100
              (VI) Others
       IV. Balance at the end of the period                          41,691,164                  9,000,000                32,087,877                              4,042    1,562,495      920,708    85,266,286
156




      Financial Report




      II.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Statement of Changes in Owners’ Equity of the Parent (Continued)
            January to June 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                1H 2024
                                                                         Paid-in capital        Other equity instruments                                  Less:            Other                                              Total
                                                                              (or share    Preferred Perpetual                        Capital         Treasury     comprehensive    Special     Surplus Undistributed       owners’
             Item                                                               capital)      shares         bonds       Others       reserve           shares           income     reserve     reserve        profits       equity
             I. Closing balance of last year                               41,691,164                  9,500,000                  32,087,877                                                  1,312,009     1,578,200    86,169,250
                    Add: Change in accounting policies
                    Correction of previous accounting errors
                    Others
             II. Opening balance for the year                              41,691,164                  9,500,000                  32,087,877                                                  1,312,009     1,578,200    86,169,250
             III. Changes for the period (decrease represented
                    by “-”)                                                                                                                                                                                  -232,260      -232,260
                    (I) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                            -64,935       -64,935
                    (II) Contribution from owners and reduction
                           of capital
                         1. Injection of ordinary shares from owners
                         2. Capital contribution by other equity
                             instrument holders
                         3. Amount of share-based payments included
                             in owner’s equity
                         4. Others
                    (III) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                -167,325      -167,325
                         1. Withdrawn from surplus reserve
                         2. Distribution to owners (or shareholders)
                         3. Others                                                                                                                                                                           -167,325      -167,325
                    (IV) Internal carry-forward of owners’ equity
                         1. Capital reserve converting to capital (or
                             share capital)
                         2. Surplus reserve converting to capital (or
                              share capital)
                         3. Surplus reserve used to compensate deficit
                         4. Changes in defined benefit scheme carried
                             forward to retained earnings
                         5. Other comprehensive income carried
                             forward to retained earnings
                         6. Others
                    (V) Special reserve
                         1. Withdrawn during the period
                         2. Utilized during the period
                    (VI) Others
             IV. Balance at the end of the period                          41,691,164                  9,500,000                  32,087,877                                                  1,312,009     1,345,940    85,936,990


            Legal representative:                                         Principal in charge of accounting:                                                      Head of accounting department:
            Ni Zhen                                                       Chen Yong                                                                               Liu Aijun
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      157




                                                                                           Financial Report




III.   GENERAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY

       1.   Company Profile
            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

            China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited company
            established by way of promotion by China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd. (“Energy China Group”)
            and Electric Power Planning & Engineering Institute Co., Ltd. as the prompters, and as approved by the
            State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council (the “SASAC”),
            and registered with the Beijing Municipal Administration for Market Regulation on 19 December
            2014, with its headquarter in Beijing. The Company holds the business license with unified social
            credit code of 911100007178398156, with registered capital of RMB30,020,396,364 and a total of
            41,691,163,636 shares with a par value of RMB1, all of which are unrestricted tradable shares. The
            shares of the Company have been listed and traded on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and
            the Shanghai Stock Exchange in December 2015 and September 2021, respectively.

            The Company is engaged in the civil engineering and construction industry. The main business activities
            are construction and contracting, survey, design and consulting, industrial manufacturing, investment
            and operation business, and other businesses.

            These financial statements were approved for publication at the 50th meeting of the third session of
            the Board of the Company on 28 August 2025.

IV.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       1.   Preparation Basis
            The Company prepared the financial statements on the going concern basis.

       2.   Going Concern
            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

            There were no events or circumstances that resulted in material doubts about the Company’s ability
            of operation as a going concern within 12 months since the end of the Reporting Period.
158




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           Specific accounting policies and accounting estimates indication:

           Important notice: The Company has formulated specific accounting policies and accounting estimates for
           transactions or events such as impairment of financial instruments, depreciation of fixed assets, amortization
           of intangible assets and revenue recognition based on actual production and operation characteristics.

           1.     Statement on Compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
                  The financial statements prepared by the Company are in compliance with the requirements of the
                  Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, reflecting the Company’s financial position, operating
                  results and cash flows on a true and complete basis.

           2.     Accounting Period
                  The fiscal year is from 1 January to 31 December. The accounting period for financial information as
                  set out in these financial statements is from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025.

           3.     Operating Cycle
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  Except for the construction and contracting business and real estate business, the Company’s businesses
                  have a relatively short operating cycle, and take 12 months as the classification standards for liquidity
                  of assets and liabilities. The operating cycle of the construction and contracting business and real estate
                  business is from the construction period, development period until the realization, being 12 months
                  or more in general, and the specific cycle will be determined based on the project under development
                  and their operating cycle is used as the classification standards for liquidity of assets and liabilities.

           4.     Reporting Currency
                  The Company and domestic subsidiaries adopt Renminbi as the reporting currency, and Zijing
                  International Energy (HK) Company Limited (紫荊國際能源(香港)有限公司), an offshore subsidiary,
                  operates aboard, and chooses the currency of the main economic environment in which it operates
                  as the reporting currency.
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           159




                                                                                              Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     5.   Method of Determining Materiality Criteria and Basis for Selection
          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                      Note to these
                                                      financial statements
           Matters involving judgment of              for disclosure of    Determination method and selection basis
           materiality standards                      matters              of materiality standards

           Significant accounts receivable written    VII 4 (4)           The amount written off on an individual basis
              off                                                           accounts for more than 20% of the total
                                                                            amount written off of accounts receivable
                                                                            in the period and is more than RMB6
                                                                            million.
           Significant dividend receivables aged      VII 8 (2)           The book balance of dividends receivable
              over 1 year                                                   aged over one year on an individual basis is
                                                                            more than RMB10 million.
           Significant construction in progress       VII 18 (2)          The closing balance exceeds RMB650 million.
           Significant subsidiaries                   X 1 (1)             The paid-up capital exceeds RMB2 billion.
           Significant joint ventures and associates X 2 (1)              The total assets exceed RMB2 billion.


     6.   Accounting Treatments for Business Combinations under Common Control and Not under
          Common Control
          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

          (1)    Accounting treatments for business combinations under common control
                 The assets acquired and liabilities assumed by the Company through business combination shall
                 be measured at the carrying value of the acquiree in the consolidated financial statements of
                 the ultimate controlling party at the combination date. The capital reserve shall be adjusted by
                 the Company based on the difference between the carrying value of share of the acquiree’s
                 owners’ equity in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller and the book
                 value of the combined consideration or the total value of the issued shares, if it is not enough,
                 retained earnings shall be adjusted.

          (2)    Accounting treatments for business combinations not under common control
                 The excess of the consideration paid for business combination over the share of the attributable
                 net identifiable assets of the acquiree, measured at fair value at the combination date, was
                 recognised as goodwill. In case the fair value of the consideration paid is less than the fair
                 value of the share of the attributable net identifiable assets of the acquiree, a review of the
                 measurement of the fair values of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
                 of the acquiree and the consideration paid for the combination is conducted. If the review
                 indicates that the fair value of the consideration paid is indeed less than the fair value of the
                 share of the attributable net identifiable assets of the acquiree, the difference is recognised in
                 current profit or loss.
160




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           7.   Determination Standard of Control and Preparation Method of Consolidated Financial
                Statements
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                (1)   Determination of control
                      Control is recognised when an investor has power over an investee, enjoys a variable return
                      through participation in the investee’s related activities, and has the ability to influence the
                      amount of the investee’s variable return by exercising its power over the investee.

                (2)   Preparation method of consolidated financial statements
                      The parent includes all subsidiaries under its control in the consolidation scope for consolidated
                      financial statements, which are prepared by the parent pursuant to the Accounting Standard
                      for Business Enterprises No. 33 – Consolidated Financial Statements based on the financial
                      statements of the parent and its subsidiaries and other relevant information.

           8.   Classification of Joint Arrangements and Accounting Treatment of Joint Operation
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                (1)   Joint arrangements are classified as joint operation and joint ventures.

                (2)   Following items relating to share of interest under joint operation will be recognized
                      when a company was a member of the joint operation:

                      1)     recognize assets held separately and recognize assets jointly held in proportion on the
                             shares held;

                      2)     recognize liabilities incurred separately and recognize liabilities jointly incurred in
                             proportion on the shares held;

                      3)     recognize revenue from the sale of its share of the output arising from the joint operation;

                      4)     recognize revenue from the sale of the assets under the joint operation based on shares
                             held by the company;

                      5)     recognize expenses incurred separately and recognize expenses incurred under joint
                             operation based on shares held by the company.

           9.   Standards for Determination of Cash and Cash Equivalents
                Cashes presented in the cash flows statement represent cash on hand and deposits ready for payment
                from time to time. Cash equivalents represent the short-term, highly-liquid investments held by an
                enterprise that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and are subject to an insignificant
                risk of changes in value.
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED           2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                161




                                                                                                  Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     10.   Foreign Currency Transactions and Translation of Foreign Currency Financial Statements
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1)   Translation of foreign currency transactions
                 Transactions denominated in foreign currency are translated into RMB at the spot exchange
                 rate at the date of transaction upon initial recognition. On the balance sheet date, monetary
                 items denominated in foreign currency are translated at the spot exchange rate on the balance
                 sheet date. The resulting exchange differences are generally recognised in profit or loss, unless
                 they arise from the re-translation of the principal and interest of specific borrowings for the
                 construction or production of qualifying assets. Foreign currency non-monetary items measured
                 at historical cost are translated at the spot exchange rate on the date of transaction, without
                 changing its RMB amount; foreign currency non-monetary items measured at fair value are
                 translated at the spot exchange rate on the date of determination of fair value, with the difference
                 included in profit or loss for the current period or other comprehensive income.

           (2)   Translation of foreign currency financial statements
                 Asset and liability items in the balance sheet are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange
                 rate on the balance sheet date. Owners’ equity items, excluding retained earnings, are translated
                 to Renminbi at the spot exchange rate on the transaction dates, and the income and expense
                 items in the income statements are translated to Renminbi at the spot exchange rates on the
                 transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive
                 income.

     11.   Financial Instruments
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1)   Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities
                 Financial assets are classified into the following three categories at initial recognition: 1) financial
                 assets measured at amortized cost; 2) financial assets measured at fair value through other
                 comprehensive income; 3) financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss for the
                 current period.

                 Financial liabilities are classified into the following four categories at initial recognition: 1) financial
                 liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss for the current period; 2) financial liabilities
                 arising from financial assets of which the transfer does not meet the conditions for derecognition
                 or continues to be involved in transferred financial assets; 3) the financial guarantee contracts
                 which do not fall into 1) or 2) above, and the commitments to grant loans which do not fall into
                 1) above and have an interest rate lower than the market rate; 4) financial liabilities measured
                 at amortized cost.
162




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
                 (2)   Recognition criteria, measurement method and derecognition conditions of financial
                       assets and financial liabilities
                       1.    Recognition criteria and initial measurement method of financial assets and financial
                             liabilities
                             When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument contract, it is recognised
                             as a financial asset or financial liability. The financial assets or financial liabilities initially
                             recognized by the Company are measured at fair value; for the financial assets and
                             liabilities at fair value through profit or loss for the current period, the transaction expenses
                             thereof are directly included in profit or loss for the current period; for other categories
                             of financial assets or financial liabilities, the transaction expenses thereof are included
                             into the initially recognised amount. However, accounts receivable initially recognised
                             by the Company which do not contain a significant financing component, or financing
                             components in a contract valid for less than one year which are not considered by
                             the Company, are initially measured at transaction price as defined in the Accounting
                             Standard for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue.

                       2.     Subsequent measurement of financial assets
                              ①     Financial assets measured at amortized cost
                                    These assets are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective
                                    interest method. A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortized
                                    cost and is not part of a hedging relationship shall be included in profit or loss
                                    when the financial asset is derecognized, reclassified, amortized using the effective
                                    interest method or recognized in respect of impairment.

                              ②       Debt instrument investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                      These debt instrument investments are subsequently measured at fair value.
                                      Interest, impairment losses or gains and foreign exchange gains and losses
                                      calculated using the effective interest method are included in profit or loss in the
                                      current period. Other gains or losses are included in other comprehensive income.
                                      On derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                                      comprehensive income are transferred from other comprehensive income to profit
                                      or loss for the current period.

                              ③       Equity instrument investments at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                      These debt instrument investments are subsequently measured at fair value.
                                      Dividends obtained (excluding those obtained as investment costs recovered) are
                                      included in profit or loss for the current period, while other gains or losses are
                                      included in other comprehensive income. On derecognition, cumulative gains or
                                      losses previously included in other comprehensive income are transferred from
                                      other comprehensive income to retained earnings.

                              ④       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss for the current period
                                      These financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value, and any gain or loss
                                      therefrom (including interest and dividend income) is included in profit or loss for
                                      the current period, unless such financial assets are part of the hedging relationship.
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         163




                                                                                             Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
           (2)   Recognition criteria, measurement method and derecognition conditions of financial
                 assets and financial liabilities (Continued)
                 3.    Subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
                       ①      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss for the current period
                              These financial liabilities include trading financial liabilities (including derivative
                              instruments classified as financial liabilities) and financial liabilities designated as
                              at fair value through profit or loss for the current period. These financial liabilities
                              are subsequently measured at fair value. Changes in fair value of financial liabilities
                              designated as at fair value through profit or loss for the current period as a result
                              of changes in the Company’s own credit risk are included in other comprehensive
                              income, unless this approach creates or enlarges an accounting mismatch in the
                              profit or loss. Other gains or losses on these financial liabilities (including interest
                              expenses other than changes in fair value as a result of changes in the Company’s
                              own credit risk) are included in profit or loss for the current period, unless
                              these financial liabilities are part of the hedging relationship. On derecognition,
                              cumulative gains or losses previously included in other comprehensive income are
                              transferred from other comprehensive income to retained earnings.

                        ②      Financial liabilities arising from financial assets of which the transfer does not
                               meet the conditions for derecognition or continues to be involved in transferred
                               financial assets are measured in accordance with the Accounting Standard for
                               Business Enterprises No.23 – Transfer of Financial Assets.

                        ③      Financial guarantee contracts which do not fall into ① or ② above, and the
                               commitments to grant loans which do not fall into ① above and have an interest
                               rate lower than the market rate

                               After initial recognition, these financial guarantee contracts and commitments to
                               grant loans are subsequently measured at the higher of: i. provisions for losses
                               determined according to requirements on the impairment of financial instruments;
                               ii. balance from the initially recognised amount less accumulated amortisation
                               determined according to the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No.14
                               – Revenue.

                        ④      Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
                               These financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                               method. Any gains or losses on financial liabilities measured at amortised cost
                               which are not part of the hedging relationship are included in profit or loss for
                               the current period when derecognised or amortised using the effective interest
                               method.
164




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
                 (2)   Recognition criteria, measurement method and derecognition conditions of financial
                       assets and financial liabilities (Continued)
                       4.    Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities
                             ①      Financial assets are derecognised when one of the following conditions is met:
                                    i.     the contractual right to the cash flows from such financial assets has
                                           expired;

                                      ii.    such financial assets have been transferred, which meets the requirements
                                             of the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprise No. 23 – Transfer of
                                             Financial Assets in relation to derecognition of financial assets.

                              ②       Financial liabilities (or part thereof) are derecognized accordingly where their
                                      present obligation (or part thereof) is discharged.

                 (3)   Recognition criteria and measurement method of transfer of financial assets
                       A financial asset is derecognized when the Company has transferred substantially all the risks
                       and rewards associated with the ownership of the financial asset, and the rights and obligations
                       arising from or retained in such transfer shall be separately recognized as assets or liabilities.
                       The transferred financial asset will remain recognized if the Company retains substantially all the
                       risks and rewards associated with the ownership of such financial asset. Where the Company
                       has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards associated with the
                       ownership of the financial asset, it may either: (1) derecognize the financial asset if control of
                       the financial asset has not been retained, and the rights and obligations arising from or retained
                       in the transfer shall be separately recognized as assets or liabilities; (2) recognize the financial
                       asset to the extent of its continuing involvement in the transferred financial asset and recognize
                       associated liability accordingly if control has been retained.

                       For a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety that satisfies the derecognition criteria, the
                       difference between (1) the book value of the financial asset transferred on the date of
                       derecognition; (2) the sum of the consideration received from the transferred financial asset
                       and the amount (which involves investments in debt instruments at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income being the transferred financial assets) for derecognition of the cumulative
                       changes in fair value previously included in comprehensive income, is included in profit or loss for
                       the current period. If a partial transfer of a financial asset as a whole qualifies for derecognition,
                       the book value of the financial asset prior to such transfer is allocated between the part that
                       subject to derecognition and the part subject to recognition, in proportion to the respective fair
                       values of those parts on the date of transfer. The difference between (1) the book value of the
                       part derecognized; (2) the sum of the consideration of the part derecognized and the amount
                       (which involves investments in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                       income being the transferred financial assets) for derecognition of the cumulative changes
                       in fair value for the part derecognized which has been previously directly included in other
                       comprehensive income, is included in profit or loss for the current period.
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED         2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            165




                                                                                               Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
           (4)   Determination method of fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
                 The Company adopts valuation techniques that are appropriate under the circumstances and
                 supported by sufficient data and other information available to determine the fair value of the
                 relevant financial assets and financial liabilities. The Company classifies the inputs used by the
                 valuation techniques into the following hierarchies, and applies in the following sequence:

                 1)     Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or
                        liabilities available on the date of measurement;

                 2)     Level 2 inputs are direct or indirect observable inputs for the relevant asset or liability
                        other than Level 1 inputs, including: quoted price for similar assets or liabilities in an active
                        market; quoted price for the same or similar assets or liabilities in an inactive market;
                        other observable inputs excluding quoted price, such as interest rates and yield curves
                        observable at commonly quoted intervals; inputs that are evidenced in market, etc.;

                 3)     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the relevant asset or liability, including interest
                        rates, stock volatility, future cash flows from the disposal obligations assumed in a business
                        combination, financial forecast using internal data that are not directly observable or
                        cannot be verified by observable market data.

           (5)   Impairment of financial instruments
                 Based on the expected credit losses (ECLs), the Company impairs and recognizes the loss
                 allowance with respect to financial assets amortized at costs, debt instrument investments at
                 fair value through other comprehensive income, contract assets, lease receivables.

                 Other financial assets measured at fair value held by the Company, including debt investments
                 or equity securities at FVTPL, equity securities designated at FVOCI and derivative financial assets,
                 are not subject to the ECL assessment.

                 The expected credit losses are the weighted average credit losses with probability of default as
                 the weight. Credit loss refers to the difference between all contractual cash flows receivable
                 according to the contract and discounted according to the original effective interest rate and all
                 cash flows that the Company expects to receive, that is, the present value of all cash shortages.

                 The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period
                 (including extension options) over which the Company is exposed to credit risk.
166




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
                 (5)   Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)
                       Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of
                       a financial instrument.

                       12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within
                       the 12 months after the balance sheet date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
                       instrument is less than 12 months).

                       Loss allowances for trade receivables, lease receivables, BT/BOT project receivables in long-term
                       receivables, progress receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal
                       to lifetime ECL. ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based
                       on the Company’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
                       debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic conditions on
                       the balance sheet date.

                       Except for trade receivables, lease receivables and contract assets, the Company measures loss
                       allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL for the following financial instruments, and at
                       an amount equal to lifetime ECL for other financial instruments:

                       –      If the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk on the balance sheet
                              date; or

                       –      If the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial
                              recognition.

                       1)     Financial instruments that have low credit risk
                              The credit risk on a financial instrument is considered low if the financial instrument has
                              a low risk of default, the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow
                              obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions
                              in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to
                              fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         167




                                                                                            Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
           (5)   Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)
                 2)    Significant increases in credit risk
                       In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                       since initial recognition, the Company compares the risk of default occurring on the
                       financial instrument assessed on the balance sheet date with that assessed on the date
                       of initial recognition.

                        When determining whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                        recognition, the Company considers reasonable and supportable information that
                        is relevant and available without undue cost or effort, including forward-looking
                        information. In particular, the following information is taken into account:

                        –      failure to make payments of principal or interest by the debtor on the contractually
                               due dates;

                        –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external
                               or internal credit rating (if any);

                        –      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the
                               debtor;

                        –      existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal
                               environment that have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet
                               its obligation to the Company.

                        Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant
                        increase in credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When
                        the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped
                        based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                        The Company determines that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly
                        if it is more than 30 days past due.
168




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
                 (5)   Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)
                       3)    Credit-impaired financial assets
                             On each balance sheet date, the Company assesses whether financial assets carried at
                             amortised cost and debt investments measured at FVOCI are credit-impaired. A financial
                             asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
                             estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                             asset is credit impaired includes the following observable data:

                             –      significant financial difficulty of the issuer or borrower;

                             –      a breach of contract by the borrower, such as a default or delinquency in interest
                                    or principal payments;

                             –      for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty,
                                    the Company having granted to the borrower a concession that would not
                                    otherwise consider;

                             –      it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                                    reorganisation;

                             –      the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial
                                    difficulties of the issuer or borrower.

                             Presentation of allowance for ECL reflects the changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                             risk since initial recognition, and the Company remeasures expected credit losses on
                             each balance sheet date, and any increase or reversal of loss provision arising therefrom
                             is included in profit or loss for the current period as impairment losses or gains. For a
                             financial asset at amortised cost, the loss provision offsets against the book value of
                             the financial asset as shown in the balance sheet. For debt investments at FVOCI, the
                             Company recognises its loss provision in other comprehensive income and does not offset
                             against the carrying amount of financial assets.
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED         2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            169




                                                                                               Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
           (5)   Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)
                 4)    Write-off
                       The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full)
                       to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a
                       derecognition event. This is generally the case when the Company determines that the
                       debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash
                       flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets that are
                       written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
                       Company’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.

                        Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a
                        reversal of impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

                        For lease receivables, receivables and contract assets arising from transactions regulated
                        by the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No.14 – Revenue, the Company
                        measures loss provision based on the amount of lifetime ECLs by using a simplified
                        measurement method.

                        In addition to financial assets in respect of which the aforesaid measurement approaches
                        are adopted, the Company assesses whether there has been a significant increase in
                        its credit risk since initial recognition on each balance sheet date. If there has been a
                        significant increase in the credit risk since initial recognition, the loss reserves are measured
                        at the amount of lifetime ECLs; if there has not been a significant increase in the credit
                        risk since initial recognition, the loss reserves are measured at the amount of 12-month
                        expected credit loss.

                        To assess whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly
                        since initial recognition, the Company compares the risk of a default occurring on the
                        financial instrument on the balance sheet date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                        financial instrument on the date of initial recognition through reasonable and supportable
                        information, including forward-looking information.

                        The Company assumes that there has not been a significant increase in the credit risk of
                        a financial instrument since initial recognition, if the financial instrument is determined
                        to have a low credit risk on the balance sheet date.

                        The Company assesses expected credit risk and measures expected credit loss on either
                        an individual basis or a collective basis of financial instruments. When the assessment
                        is performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are classified into various
                        groups by the Company based on shared risk characteristics.

                        Expected credit losses are remeasured by the Company on each balance sheet date, and
                        any increase or reversal of loss reserves arising therefrom is included in profit or loss for the
                        current period as impairment losses or gains. For a financial asset at amortised cost, the
                        loss reserve reduces the book value of the financial asset as shown in the balance sheet;
                        for a debt instrument investment at fair value through other comprehensive income, the
                        loss reverse is recognised in other comprehensive income without reducing the book
                        value of the financial asset.
170




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           11.   Financial Instruments (Continued)
                 (6)   Offset of financial assets and financial liabilities
                       Financial assets and financial liabilities are presented separately in the balance sheet, and are
                       not offset. However, if the following conditions are met, the net amount offset by each other is
                       presented in the balance sheet: (1) the Company has a statutory right to offset the recognised
                       amount, and such legal right is currently enforceable; (2) the Company plans to settle in net
                       amount or to realise the financial assets and liquidate the financial liabilities at the same time.

                       For transferred financial assets not qualified for derecognition, the Company will not offset the
                       transferred financial assets against related liabilities.

           12.   Inventories
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 (1)   Category of inventories, accounting method for dispatching inventories, inventory
                       system, amortisation method of low-value consumables and packages
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                       1)      Categories of inventories
                               Inventories include finished goods or goods held for sale in the ordinary course of business,
                               work in process in the process of production, materials and supplies consumed in the
                               production process or provision of services, development costs of development projects,
                               and developed products, etc.

                       2)      Accounting method for dispatching inventories
                               Dispatched inventories are measured using the first-in-first-out method, the weighted
                               average method and the individual valuation method.

                       3)      Inventory system
                               Perpetual inventory method is adopted.

                       4)      Amortisation method of low-value consumables and packages
                               ①     Low-value consumables
                                     Amortised at number of use or under one-time amortization method.

                               ②      Packages
                                      Amortised at number of use or under one-time amortization method.
                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         171




                                                                                             Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     12.   Inventories (Continued)
           (2)    Recognition criteria and provision method for inventory impairment
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  On the balance sheet date, inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realizable
                  value; and provision for impairment of inventories is made on the excess of the cost over the net
                  realizable value. The net realisable value of inventories directly held for sale is determined based
                  on the amount of the estimated selling price less the estimated selling expenses and relevant
                  taxes and surcharges in the ordinary course of production and business; the net realisable value
                  of inventories to be processed is determined based on the amount of the estimated selling
                  price less the estimated costs of completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes
                  and surcharges in the ordinary course of production and business; on the balance sheet date,
                  when only part of the same item of inventories have agreed price, their net realisable value is
                  determined separately and is compared with their costs to determine the provision for inventory
                  write-down to be made or reversed.

           (3)    Group type and determination basis of provision for inventory impairment on group
                  basis and the determination basis of net realizable value of inventories of different
                  types
                  □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

           (4)    Calculation method and determination basis of net realizable value of each ageing
                  group on basis of which the net realizable value of inventories is recognized
                  □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

     13.   Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           Recognition method and criteria of contract assets and contract liabilities
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           The Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet based on the relationship
           between performance obligations and customer payments. The Company presents contract assets and
           contract liabilities under the same contract as net amount after they offset each other.

           The Company presents the right of the Company to charge consideration from the customer
           unconditionally (i.e. only depends on the passage of time) as a receivable, while the consideration that
           the Company has the right (and this right depends on factors other than passage of time) to receive
           for goods transferred to customers is presented as a contract asset.

           The Company presents the portion of the obligation to transfer goods to customers for consideration
           received or receivable from customers as a contract liability.
172




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           14.   Long-term Equity Investments
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 (1)   Judgement on common control and significant influence
                       Joint control is recognised as control held for a certain arrangement under the relevant agreement,
                       the relevant activity of which shall be unanimously agreed by the parties sharing the control.
                       The influence is deemed as significant if there involves the power of participating in decision
                       making on the financial and operational policies of the investee, but the power cannot control
                       or jointly control with other parties the formulation of the policies.

                 (2)   Determination of investment cost
                       1)   For business combination under common control, if the consideration of the combining
                            party is that it makes payment in cash, transfers non-cash assets, assumes its liabilities or
                            issues equity securities, on the date of combination, it regards the share of the book value
                            of the equity of the combined party included in the consolidated financial statements of
                            the ultimate controlling party as the initial cost of the investment. The difference between
                            the initial cost of the long-term equity investment and the book value of the combination
                            consideration paid or the aggregate nominal amount of shares issued offsets capital
                            reserve; if the balance of capital reserve is insufficient to offset, any excess is adjusted
                            to retained earnings.

                              When long-term equity investments are obtained through business combination under
                              common control achieved in stages, the Company determines whether it is a “package
                              deal”. If it is a “package deal”, transactions as a whole are treated as one transaction
                              obtaining the right to control in accounting treatment. If it is not a “package deal”, on
                              the combination date, investment cost is initially recognised at the share of the book value
                              of net assets of the combined party included in the consolidated financial statements
                              of the ultimate controlling party after the combination. The difference between the
                              initial investment cost of long-term equity investments on the combination date and
                              the book value of the previously held long-term equity investments plus the book value
                              of the consideration paid for the newly acquired equity is adjusted to capital reserve; if
                              the balance of capital reserve is insufficient to offset, any excess is adjusted to retained
                              earnings.
                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       173




                                                                                           Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     14.   Long-term Equity Investments (Continued)
           (2)   Determination of investment cost (Continued)
                 2)   For business combination not under common control, investment cost is initially
                      recognised on the acquisition date at the fair value of combination considerations paid.

                       When long-term equity investments are obtained through business combination not
                       under common control achieved in stages through various transactions, the Company
                       determined whether they are separate financial statements and consolidated financial
                       statements in accounting treatment:

                       ①      In separate financial statements, initial investment cost which is accounted for
                              using the cost method is recognised at the book value of the previously held
                              equity investments plus the newly increased investment cost.

                       ②      In consolidated financial statements, the Company determines whether it is a
                              “package deal”. If it is a “package deal”, transactions as a whole are treated as
                              one transaction obtaining the right to control in accounting treatment. If it is not
                              a “package deal”, the book value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest
                              in the acquiree is remeasured at the acquisition-date fair value, and the difference
                              between the fair value and the book value is recognised in the investment income
                              for the period; when the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree
                              involves other comprehensive income under equity method, the related other
                              comprehensive income is reclassified as income on the acquisition date, excluding
                              other comprehensive income arising from changes in net liabilities or net assets
                              from pre-measurement of defined benefit plan of the investee.

                 3)    Long-term equity investment obtained through ways other than business combination:
                       the initial cost of a long-term equity investment obtained by making payment in cash is the
                       purchase cost which is actually paid; that obtained on the basis of issuing equity securities
                       is the fair value of the equity securities issued; that obtained through debt restructuring
                       is determined according to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 12 –
                       Debt Restructuring; and that obtained through non-cash assets exchange is determined
                       according to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 7 – Non-cash Assets
                       Exchange.

           (3)   Subsequent measurement and recognition method of profit or loss
                 When the Company controls the investee, a long-term equity investment is accounted for using
                 the cost method. The equity method is applied to long-term equity investment of associates
                 and joint ventures.
174




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           14.   Long-term Equity Investments (Continued)
                 (4)   Accounting treatment of a step-by-step disposal of an investment in a subsidiary
                       through multiple transactions until loss of control
                       1)    Principles for determining whether a transaction is a “package deal” or not
                             In the event of a step-by-step disposal of an investment in a subsidiary through multiple
                             transactions until loss of control, the Company shall judge whether the step-by-step
                             transaction is a “package deal” by taking into account the terms and conditions of
                             the transaction agreement for each step of the step-by-step transaction, each disposal
                             consideration received, the object of the disposal, the method of disposal, and the point
                             of time of disposal. Multiple transactions are generally categorized as “package deal” if
                             the terms, conditions and economic effects of the transactions fall into one or more of
                             the following categories:

                              ①      the transactions are entered into at the same time or in contemplation of each
                                     other;

                              ②      the transactions shall work together to achieve an overall commercial effect;

                              ③      the occurrence of one transaction is dependent on the occurrence of at least one
                                     other transaction;

                              ④      one transaction considered on its own is not economically justified, but it is
                                     economically justified when considered together with other transactions.

                       2)     Accounting treatment for transactions that are not “package deal”
                              ①     Separate financial statements
                                    For equity interests disposed of, the difference between the book value and
                                    the actual consideration obtained is recognised as current profit or loss. For the
                                    remaining equity interests, those which are still entitled to a significant influence
                                    on the investee or perform joint control with other parties are accounted for using
                                    equity method, while those which do not control, jointly control or have a significant
                                    influence on the investee are accounted for pursuant to the relevant regulations
                                    of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and
                                    Measurement of Financial Instruments.
                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                    175




                                                                                         Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     14.   Long-term Equity Investments (Continued)
           (4)   Accounting treatment of a step-by-step disposal of an investment in a subsidiary
                 through multiple transactions until loss of control (Continued)
                 2)    Accounting treatment for transactions that are not “package deal” (Continued)
                       ②     Consolidated financial statements
                             Prior to the loss of control, the capital reserve (capital premium) is adjusted with
                             the difference between the consideration of the disposal and the entitled share of
                             the net assets of the subsidiary that would have been entitled to by the disposed
                             long-term equity investment and continuously accounted for from the acquisition
                             date or combination date. If the balance of the capital premium is insufficient for
                             the set-off, the retained earnings will be set off accordingly.

                               When the control over the former subsidiary is lost, the remaining equities are
                               re-measured at fair value on the date when the control is lost. The sum of the
                               consideration obtained from disposal and the fair value of the remaining equity
                               interests less the share of the net assets of the subsidiary that would have been
                               entitled to and continuously accounted for according to the original shareholding
                               percentage from the acquisition date or combination date is recognised as
                               investment income for the period covering the date of loss of control, offsetting
                               the goodwill at the same time. Other comprehensive income related to the equity
                               investment in the former subsidiary shall be transferred to the investment income
                               for the period when the control is lost.

                 3)     Accounting treatment for transactions that are “package deals”
                        ①     Separate financial statements
                              The transactions as a whole are treated as one single transaction of disposal of a
                              subsidiary and loss of control in accounting treatment. However, prior to the loss
                              of control, the difference between each of the consideration of disposal and the
                              carrying value of the long-term equity investment corresponding to the disposal
                              of the investment is recognised as other comprehensive income in the separate
                              financial statements and transferred to profit or loss for the period when the
                              control is lost.

                        ②      Consolidated financial statements
                               The transactions as a whole are treated as one single transaction of disposal of
                               a subsidiary and loss of control in accounting treatment. However, prior to the
                               loss of control, the difference between each of the consideration of disposal
                               and the share of net assets of that subsidiary that would have been entitled to
                               by the disposed investment is recognised as other comprehensive income in the
                               consolidated financial statements and transferred to profit or loss for the period
                               when the control is lost.
176




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           15.   Investment Properties
                 (1).   If the depreciation or amortization method using the cost measurement model is
                        adopted
                        1)     Investment properties include the right to use the leased land, the land held for
                               appreciation and transfer and the leased buildings.

                        2)     Investment properties are measured at cost initially and under the cost model subsequently,
                               and are depreciated or amortised, using a method similar to that for fixed assets and
                               intangible assets.

           16.   Fixed Assets
                 (1).   Recognition criteria
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        Fixed assets represent the tangible assets held for production of goods or provision of services,
                        rental or for administrative purposes with useful lives over one accounting year, and are measured
                        when the inflow of economic benefits is probable and the cost can be reliably measured.

                 (2).   Depreciation method
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                             Residual           Annual
                                                     Depreciation          Depreciation     value rate     depreciation
                         Category                    method                term (years)            (%)         rate (%)

                         Buildings and structures    Average life method           8-40              5        2.38-11.88
                         Machinery and equipment     Average life method           4-22              5        4.32-23.75
                         Transportation tools        Average life method           4-30              5        3.17-23.75
                         Electronic equipment        Average life method           3-10              5        9.50-31.67
                         Office equipment and        Average life method           4-15              5        6.33-23.75
                           others
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED           2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            177




                                                                                               Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     17.   Construction in Progress
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1)   Construction in progress is recognised when the inflow of economic benefits is probable and
                 the cost can be reliably measured, and is measured at the actual cost incurred until it is ready
                 for intended use.

           (2)   Construction in progress is transferred to fixed assets when it is ready for its intended use
                 based on the actual cost. For a completed project ready for intended use but with final account
                 unsettled, the asset is transferred to fixed assets based on estimated value. After final account
                 of the project has been settled, the Company shall make adjustment to the previous estimated
                 value based on actual cost, but need not to adjust the depreciation retrospectively.

                                               Criteria and time point for transferring construction in progress
                  Category                     to fixed assets

                  Buildings and structures     Criteria of buildings and structures of passing the initial inspection and
                                                 being qualified and ready for intended use or meeting the contract
                                                 requirements
                  Machinery and equipment      When the design requirements or contractual standards are met after
                                                installation and commissioning
                  Electronic equipment         When the design requirements or contractual standards are met after
                                                installation and commissioning


     18.   Borrowing Costs
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1)   Recognition principles on capitalisation of borrowing costs
                 The Company’s borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction
                 or production of an asset eligible for capitalisation shall be capitalised and be included in the
                 cost of relevant assets. Other borrowing costs are recognised as expenses in current profit or
                 loss when incurred.

           (2)   Capitalisation period of borrowing costs
                 1)    Borrowing costs shall be capitalised when: ① capital expenditures have been incurred;
                       ② borrowing costs have been incurred, and ③ activities relating to the acquisition,
                       construction or production of the asset that are necessary to prepare the asset for its
                       intended use or sale have commenced.

                 2)     Capitalisation of borrowing costs should be suspended during a period in which abnormal
                        interruption has lasted for more than three months during the process of acquisition,
                        construction or production of assets eligible for capitalisation. The borrowing cost incurred
                        during interruption is recognised as current expenses until the acquisition, construction
                        or production activities resume.

                 3)     The capitalisation of borrowing costs ceases when the assets acquired, constructed or
                        produced and qualified for capitalisation are ready for their intended use or sale.
178




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           18.   Borrowing Costs (Continued)
                 (3)    Capitalisation rate and amount of borrowing costs
                        For specific borrowings used to acquire, construct or produce assets eligible for capitalisation,
                        the amount of interest costs (including amortisation of discount or premium determined using
                        the effective interest method) actually incurred on such borrowings for the period shall be
                        capitalised after deducting any interest earned from depositing the unused borrowings in bank
                        or any investment income arising from the temporary investment of those borrowings during the
                        capitalisation period. For general borrowings used to acquire, construct or produce assets eligible
                        for capitalisation, the capitalised amount of interests on general borrowings shall be determined
                        on the basis that the weighted average of the excess of cumulative assets expenditures over the
                        specific borrowings times capitalisation rate of used general borrowings.

           19.   Intangible Assets
                 (1).   Useful life and the basis for its determination, estimation, amortisation method or
                        review procedure
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        1)     Intangible assets, including land use rights, patent rights and non-patented technologies,
                               concession rights and mining rights, are initially measured at cost.

                        2)     Amortisation method
                               ①     Except the mining rights and concession rights related to highway toll rights,
                                     intangible assets with definite useful lives are reasonably and systematically
                                     amortised over their useful lives based on the pattern of the economic benefits
                                     relating to the intangible assets that are expected to be realised. Intangible assets
                                     whose economic benefits realisation pattern cannot be reliably anticipated are
                                     amortised on a straight-line basis over the following useful life:

                                                                                                           Amortization
                                        Item                  Amortisation period (years)                  method

                                        Land use rights       Determination of useful life based on the    Straight-line
                                                                number of years registered on the land        method
                                                                use certificate
                                        Patent, unpatented    2 to 15 years based on expected revenue      Straight-line
                                          technology and        period                                        method
                                          software
                                        Concession rights     Determination of useful life based on        Straight-line
                                                                the concession period specified in the        method
                                                                contract
                                        Others                10 to 50 years based on the expected life    Straight-line
                                                                of the concession                             method


                                      Others mainly include brands, customer relationship, copyrights, etc.
                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      179




                                                                                          Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     19.   Intangible Assets (Continued)
           (1).   Useful life and the basis for its determination, estimation, amortisation method or
                  review procedure (Continued)
                  2)    Amortisation method (Continued)
                        ②      The amortization of mining rights with definite useful life is provided for
                               amortization based on the proved mine reserves using the workload method.

                        ③      The concession rights related to highway toll rights is amortized according to
                               the traffic flow, and is provided over their expected useful lives or the remaining
                               concession period, whichever is the shorter, commencing from the date of
                               commencement of commercial operation of the toll roads, based on a unit-of-
                               usage basis, which is the ratio of actual traffic volume compared to the total
                               expected traffic volume of the toll roads as estimated by the management or by
                               reference to traffic projection reports prepared by independent traffic consultants.

           (2).   Scope of research and development expenditure and related accounting treatment
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  1).   Scope of research and development expenditure
                        ①     Expenditure on research and development materials
                              Expenditure on research and development materials refers to the actual expenditure
                              incurred by the Company for the implementation of research and development
                              activities on related materials, which includes: i. the cost of materials, fuel and
                              power directly consumed; ii. the costs for the development and manufacture
                              of moulds and process equipment for intermediate testing and product trial
                              production, the costs for the purchase of samples and sampling machines and
                              general testing methods that do not constitute fixed assets, and the costs for
                              the inspection of trial products; and iii. the costs of operation, maintenance,
                              adjustments, inspections, tests, and repairs of instruments and equipment used
                              in the research and development activities.

                        ②      Personnel and labour costs
                               Personnel and labour costs include wages and salaries, basic pension insurance
                               premiums, basic medical insurance premiums, unemployment insurance premiums,
                               work-related injury insurance premiums, maternity insurance premiums and
                               housing provident funds of the research and development personnel of the
                               Company, as well as the labour costs of external research and development
                               personnel.
180




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           19.   Intangible Assets (Continued)
                 (2).   Scope of research and development expenditure and related accounting treatment
                        (Continued)
                        1).   Scope of research and development expenditure (Continued)
                              ②     Personnel and labour costs (Continued)
                                    Where the research and development personnel serve multiple research and
                                    development projects concurrently, the recognition of labour costs is based on
                                    the records of the working hours of the research and development personnel of
                                    each research and development item provided by the management department
                                    of the Company, and the labour costs are allocated proportionately among the
                                    different research and development projects.

                                    Where the personnel who directly engaged in research and development activities
                                    and the external research and development personnel concurrently engaged in
                                    non-research and development activities, the Company shall allocate the actual
                                    personnel labour costs incurred by the research and development personnel
                                    between the research and development costs and the production and operating
                                    costs in accordance with the records of the working hours of the research and
                                    development personnel in different positions and based on a reasonable method
                                    such as the proportion of the actual working hours.

                              ③     Commissioned research and development expenses
                                    Commissioned research and development expenses are expenses incurred by the
                                    Company for research and development activities commissioned by the Company
                                    to other organisations or individuals inside or outside the PRC (the results of the
                                    research and development activities are owned by the Company and are closely
                                    related to the Company’s principal business operations).

                              ④     Depreciation expense and amortisation expense of intangible assets
                                    Depreciation expense represents the depreciation expense of instruments,
                                    equipment and buildings in use for research and development activities.

                                    If the instruments, equipment and buildings in use for research and development
                                    activities are concurrently used in non-research and development activities,
                                    necessary records are kept on the use of such instruments, equipment and buildings
                                    in use, and the actual depreciation expenses are allocated between research and
                                    development expenses and production and operating expenses using reasonable
                                    methods based on factors such as actual hours and area of use.

                                    Amortisation expense of intangible assets refers to the amortisation expense of
                                    software, intellectual property rights and non-proprietary technologies (knowhow,
                                    licenses, designs and calculation methods, and others) used in research and
                                    development activities.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        181




                                                                                            Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     19.   Intangible Assets (Continued)
           (2).   Scope of research and development expenditure and related accounting treatment
                  (Continued)
                  1).   Scope of research and development expenditure (Continued)
                        ⑤     Design costs for dew products
                              Design costs refer to the costs incurred in the conception, development and
                              manufacture as well as the design of processes, technical specifications, procedures
                              and operating characteristics for new products and new processes, including the
                              costs incurred for creative design activities to obtain innovative, creative and
                              breakthrough products.

                        ⑥      Other expenses
                               Other expenses refer to expenses other than those mentioned above that are
                               directly related to research and development activities, including technical library
                               and data fees, data translation fees, expert consultation fees, high-tech research
                               and development insurance premiums, fees for the retrieval, demonstration,
                               evaluation, appraisal and acceptance of research and development results,
                               application fees, registration fees and agency fees of intellectual property rights,
                               meeting fees, travelling fees, communication fees, and others.

                  2).   The expenses of internal research and development projects during the development
                        stage are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. The expenses of internal research and
                        development projects during the development stage are recognised as intangible assets
                        when all of the following conditions are satisfied: ① the completion of such intangible
                        assets for use or sale is technically feasible; ② the Company has the intention to use
                        or sell the intangible assets upon completion; ③ the way in which the intangible assets
                        bring economic benefits shows that there exists consumption market for the products
                        with use of these intangible assets or the intangible assets themselves, or that they are
                        useful in case of internal utilisation; ④ the Company has sufficient technological, financial
                        and other resources to complete the development of the intangible assets and the ability
                        to make them available for use or sale; ⑤ the expenses attributable to such intangible
                        assets can be measured reliably at the development stage.

                  3).   Specific criteria for classifying research expenditure and development expenditure on
                        internal research and development projects:

                        Research phase: Scheduled innovative investigations and research activities to obtain and
                        understand scientific or technological knowledge.

                        Development phase: Apply the research outcomes or other knowledge to a plan or design
                        prior to a commercial production or use in order to produce new or essentially-improved
                        materials, devices, products, etc.
182




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           20.   Impairment of Certain Long-term Assets
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 For long-term assets such as long-term equity investment, investment properties measured using the
                 cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with definite
                 useful lives, when there is evidence on the balance sheet date showing that the assets are impaired,
                 the recoverable amounts are estimated. For goodwill arising from business combination, whether there
                 is evidence of impairment or not, impairment test is conducted annually. Impairment test is performed
                 on goodwill together with its relevant asset group or asset group portfolio.

                 If the recoverable amounts of the above-mentioned long-term assets are lower than their book values,
                 the differences are recognised as provision for asset impairment and recorded in current profit or loss.

                 Once an impairment loss is recognised, it will not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods.

           21.   Long-term Deferred Expenses
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 Long-term deferred expenses are expenses that have been recognised but with amortisation period
                 over one year (excluding one year). Long-term deferred expenses are recognised as incurred, and evenly
                 amortised within its beneficial period or stipulated period. If items of long-term deferred expenses fail
                 to be beneficial to the subsequent accounting periods, the residual values of such items are included
                 in current profit or loss.

           22.   Employee Benefits
                 (1).   Accounting treatment of short-term compensation
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        During the accounting period when the staff provides service, the Company will recognise the
                        short-term compensation incurred as liabilities, and the liabilities will be included in current
                        profit or loss or the relevant costs of assets.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED         2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                           183




                                                                                              Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     22.   Employee Benefits (Continued)
           (2).   Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  The Company classifies post-employment benefit plans as either defined contribution plan or
                  defined benefit plan.

                  1)    During the accounting period when the staff provides service, the Company will recognize
                        the amount payable calculated under defined contribution plan as liabilities, and the
                        liabilities will be included in current profit or loss or the relevant costs of assets.

                  2)    Accounting treatment of defined benefit plan normally comprises steps as follow:

                        ①      According to the projected unit credit method, the Company adopted unbiased
                               and mutually agreed actuarial assumptions to estimate the relevant demographic
                               variables and financial variables, calculate the obligations arising from the defined
                               benefit plan and determine the period of relevant obligations belonging to.
                               Meanwhile, the obligation arising from the defined benefit plan is discounted to
                               determine the present value of such obligation under the defined benefit plan
                               and the service cost for the current period;

                        ②      Where there are assets in the defined benefit plan, the deficit or surplus from the
                               present value of the defined benefit plan less the fair value of the defined benefit
                               plan is recognised as a net debt or asset of a defined benefit plan. Where there
                               are surplus in the defined benefit plan, the lower of the surplus of the defined
                               benefit plan and the upper limit of the assets will be used to calculate the net
                               assets of the defined benefit plan;

                        ③      At the end of the period, the cost of employee benefits from the defined benefit
                               plan will be recognised as three parts, including the service cost, the net interest
                               on the net liabilities or net assets of the defined benefit plan and the changes
                               arising from the remeasurement of the net liabilities or net assets of the defined
                               benefit plan. In particular, the service cost and the net interest on the net liabilities
                               or net assets of the defined benefit plan will be recognised in current profit or loss
                               or relevant cost of assets. The changes arising from the remeasurement of the
                               net liabilities or net assets of the defined benefit plan will be recognised in other
                               comprehensive income and shall not be reversed to profit or loss in subsequent
                               accounting periods, but the amounts recognised in other comprehensive income
                               can be transferred within the scope of interests.
184




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           22.   Employee Benefits (Continued)
                 (3).   Accounting treatment of termination benefits
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        When providing termination benefits to employees, the employee benefit liabilities arising from
                        the recognition of termination will be recognised in current profit or loss at the earlier of: 1)
                        when the Company cannot unilaterally withdraw the termination benefits for the release of the
                        labour relationship plan or the termination proposal; 2) when the Company recognised relevant
                        costs or expenses associated with the reorganisation of the payment of the termination benefits.

                 (4).   Accounting treatment of other long-term employees’ benefits
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        Other long-term benefits provided by the Company to employees that satisfy the conditions of
                        defined contribution plan will adopt accounting treatment according to the relevant provisions
                        of the defined contribution plans. Other long-term benefits other than these will conduct
                        accounting treatment according to the defined benefit plan. In order to simplify the relevant
                        accounting treatment, the generated staff remuneration cost is recognised as service cost and
                        the total net amount of the components such as net interest amount of net liabilities or net
                        assets in terms of other long-term employees’ benefits and changes arising from re-measuring
                        the net liabilities or net assets in terms of other long-term employees’ benefits is recognised as
                        current profit or loss or the relevant costs of asset.

           23.   Accrued Liabilities
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 (1)    Accrued liabilities are recognised when the Company has a present obligation as a result of
                        contingencies such as provision of external guarantee, litigation, product quality warranty and
                        onerous contract, and it is very likely that an outflow of economic benefits will be resulted from
                        settlement of such obligation, and a reliable estimate of the amount of the obligation can be
                        made.

                 (2)    Accrued liabilities are initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure that is required
                        for settling the present obligation. Book values of accrued liabilities are reviewed on balance
                        sheet date.
                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          185




                                                                                              Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     24.   Other Financial Instruments including Preference Shares and Perpetual Bonds
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           According to standards relating to financial instruments and the Provisions on Relevant Accounting
           Treatment of Perpetual Bonds (Cai Kuai [2019] No. 2), regarding the financial instruments including
           perpetual bonds (such as perpetual medium-term notes), the Company should, according to the
           contract terms of the financial instruments issued and the economic essence they reflect rather than
           based on legal form only, and with reference to the definitions of financial assets, financial liabilities
           and equity instruments, classify such financial instruments or their constituents as financial assets,
           financial liabilities or equity instruments upon initial recognition.

           The Company classifies the financial instruments issued as equity instruments when all of the following
           conditions are satisfied:

           The financial instruments have no contractual obligation to pay in cash or other financial assets to other
           parties nor to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with other parties under potential adverse
           conditions; a contractual obligation to satisfy a potentially adverse condition that would unconditionally
           avoid delivery of cash or a financial asset is recognized as equity only upon initial recognition.

           When the Company’s own equity instrument is required to or available to be used for settlement
           of the financial instrument, it does not include the contractual obligations to settle the Company’s
           own variable equity instruments if it is a non-derivative instrument; if it is a derivative instrument, the
           Company can only settle the instrument by exchanging certain amount of its own equity instruments
           with fixed amount of cash or other financial assets.

           On the balance sheet date, regarding financial instruments classified as equity instruments, their interest
           expense or dividend payout should be used for the Company’s profit distribution and their repurchase
           and cancellation should be taken as equity change; regarding financial instruments classified as financial
           liabilities, their interest expense or dividend payout should be taken as borrowing cost and the gains
           or losses resulting from their repurchase or redemption should be stated as current profit or loss.
186




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           25.   Revenue
                 (1).   Disclosure of accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement
                        by type of business
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        1)   Principles of revenue recognition
                             At contract inception, the Company assesses the contract to identify each individual
                             performance obligation thereunder and to determine whether the performance obligation
                             is satisfied over time or at a point in time.

                             If one of the following criteria is met, the Company satisfies a performance obligation over
                             time, otherwise the performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time: ① the customer
                             simultaneously receives and consumes the economic benefits provided by the Company’s
                             performance as the Company performs; ② the Company’s performance creates goods
                             that the customer controls as goods are created; ③ the Company’s performance does
                             not create an asset with an alternative use to the Company and the Company has an
                             enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date during the term of
                             the contract.

                             For a performance obligation satisfied over time, the Company shall recognise revenue
                             over time by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance
                             obligation. If the Company is unable to reasonably measure its progress towards complete
                             satisfaction of a performance obligation and expects to recover the costs incurred, the
                             Company shall recognise revenue only to the extent of the costs incurred until such time
                             that it can reasonably measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance
                             obligation. For a performance obligation satisfied at a point in time, the Company shall
                             recognise revenue when customer obtains control of relevant goods or services. To
                             determine whether a customer obtains control of goods, the Company shall consider
                             the following indicators: ① the Company has a present right to receive the payment
                             for the goods, i.e. a customer has a present obligation to pay for the goods; ② the
                             Company has transferred the legal title of the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer
                             has the legal title of the goods. ③ the Company has transferred physical possession of
                             the goods to the customer, i.e. the customer has physical possession of the goods; ④
                             the Company has transferred significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods to
                             the customer, i.e. the customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the
                             goods; ⑤ the customer has accepted the goods; ⑥ other indications that the customer
                             has obtained control of the goods.
                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      187




                                                                                          Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     25.   Revenue (Continued)
           (2).   Different revenue recognition and measurement methods for the same type of business
                  using different operating models
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  1)    Principles of revenue measurement
                        ①       The Company measures revenue through allocating the transaction price to each
                                performance obligation. The transaction price is the amount of consideration to
                                which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
                                or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties
                                and amounts expected to be refunded to the customers.

                        ②      If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, the
                               Company shall determine the best estimate of the variable consideration by using
                               either of the expected value or the most likely amount. However, the transaction
                               price which includes the variable consideration does not exceed the amount that
                               the accumulative recognised income is unlikely to undergo a major reversal when
                               the relevant uncertainty is eliminated.

                        ③      Where there is a significant financing component in the contract, the Company
                               shall determine the transaction price based on the amount payable in cash when
                               it is assumed that the customer has taken the control of goods or services.
                               The difference between the transaction price and the contract consideration
                               is amortised using effective interest method during the contract period. On
                               the contract start date, the Company does not consider the major financing
                               components in the contract where it expects that the interval between customer
                               taking the control of goods or services and the customer paying the price is not
                               more than one year.

                        ④      Where the contract includes two or more performance obligations, the Company
                               shall amortise the transaction price to each individual performance obligation in
                               proportion to the individual selling price of the goods promised for each individual
                               performance obligation.
188




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           25.   Revenue (Continued)
                 (2).   Different revenue recognition and measurement methods for the same type of business
                        using different operating models (Continued)
                        2)    Specific methods for revenue recognition
                              The Company has five business segments, namely survey, design and consulting,
                              construction and contracting, industrial manufacturing, build-operate-transfer contracts
                              and real estate sales. Based on the Company’s own operation mode and settlement
                              method, specific methods for sales revenue recognition of various businesses are disclosed
                              as follows:

                               ①      Survey, design and consulting
                                      The Company provides survey, design and consulting services as a performance
                                      obligation to be performed within a certain period of time. The progress of
                                      performance of the services provided is determined based on the proportion of
                                      the contract costs incurred for the accumulated actual costs to the estimated total
                                      contract costs, and revenue is recognized based on the progress of performance.
                                      When the outcome of that performance obligation cannot be measured
                                      reasonably, but the Company expects to recover the costs incurred, the Company
                                      recognises revenue only to the extent of the costs incurred until such time when
                                      it can reasonably measure the progress of performance.

                               ②      Construction and contracting
                                      The Company’s construction and contracting business is a performance obligation
                                      to be performed within a certain period of time. The progress of performance
                                      of services provided is determined based on the proportion of costs incurred to
                                      the estimated total costs, and revenue is recognized based on the progress of
                                      performance. When the progress of performance cannot be measured reasonably,
                                      but the Company expects to recover the costs incurred, the Company recognises
                                      revenue only to the extent of the costs incurred until such time when it can
                                      reasonably measure the progress of performance.

                               ③      Industrial manufacturing
                                      Sales of construction equipment and ancillary parts, construction materials and
                                      cement are contractual obligations to be performed at a point in time, and revenue
                                      is recognised at the time point of transfer of control, such as when the Company
                                      delivers the product to the contracted delivery location and the customer confirms
                                      acceptance.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        189




                                                                                            Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     25.   Revenue (Continued)
           (2).   Different revenue recognition and measurement methods for the same type of business
                  using different operating models (Continued)
                  2)    Specific methods for revenue recognition (Continued)
                        ④      Build-operate-transfer contracts
                               The public infrastructure construction business in which the Company participates
                               in the form of franchise project (the “PPP project”) cooperation shall be accounted
                               for in accordance with the Interpretation No. 14 of the Accounting Standards for
                               Business Enterprises when the following conditions are met at the same time: i.
                               the Company uses the PPP project assets to provide public products and services
                               on behalf of the government during the operation period agreed in the contract;
                               ii. the Company obtains compensation for the public products and services it
                               provides during the period agreed in the contract; iii. the government controls
                               or regulates the types, objects and prices of public goods and services that the
                               Company must provide using the PPP project assets; and iv. when the PPP project
                               contract is terminated, the government controls significant residual interest of the
                               PPP project assets through ownership, beneficiary right or other forms.

                                According to the PPP project contract, if the Company provides PPP project
                                asset construction services, operation services, maintenance services and other
                                services after completion, it will identify the individual performance obligation in
                                the contract in the manner described above, and amortize the transaction price
                                to each performance obligation based on relative proportion of individual selling
                                price of each performance obligation.

                                According to the PPP project contract, the Company has the right to charge fees
                                from the objects for obtaining public products and services during the project
                                operation period. However, if the amount of the fees is uncertain, when the PPP
                                project assets reach the predetermined usable state, the amount of consideration
                                or the amount of confirmed construction revenue of relevant PPP project assets
                                is recognized as intangible assets.

                                According to the PPP project contract, during the operation of the project, if the
                                conditions for the right to receive a determinable amount of cash (or other financial
                                assets) are met, it is recognized as a receivable when the Company has the right
                                to receive the consideration (the right depends only on the passage of time). The
                                difference over the cash (or other financial assets) that has the right to receive a
                                determinable amount is recognized as an intangible asset. After the assets of the
                                PPP project reach the intended use state, the Company recognizes the income
                                related to the operation services according to the actual services provided.
190




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           25.   Revenue (Continued)
                 (2).   Different revenue recognition and measurement methods for the same type of business
                        using different operating models (Continued)
                        2)    Specific methods for revenue recognition (Continued)
                              ⑤      Real estate sales
                                     The Company’s sales of commercial properties are performance obligations to
                                     be performed at a point in time, and revenue is recognised when the transfer of
                                     control of the property is completed, such as the delivery of the property to the
                                     buyer. If the Company has notified the buyer to complete the delivery procedures
                                     within the specified time, while the buyer fails to complete the delivery procedures
                                     within the specified time without justifiable reasons, and other conditions are
                                     met, the Company will recognize the revenue after the expiration of the time
                                     limit specified in the notification.

                               ⑥       Principal responsible person/agent
                                       The Company determines whether the Company is the principal responsible person
                                       or an agent when engaging in a transaction based on whether the Company has
                                       control over the goods or services before transferring them to the customer. If the
                                       Company is able to control the goods or services before transferring them to the
                                       customer, the Company is the primarily responsible person and recognizes revenue
                                       based on the total amount of consideration received or receivable; otherwise,
                                       the Company is the agent and recognizes revenue based on the amount of the
                                       commission or fee it expects to be entitled to receive, which shall be the net
                                       amount of the total consideration received or receivable less the price payable
                                       to other related parties, or determined based on the established amount or
                                       percentage of commission, and others.

           26.   Contract Costs and Contract Performance Costs
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 Incremental costs incurred by the Company to obtain a contract which are expected to be recovered
                 are treated as costs of obtaining the contract and recognised as assets. Costs of obtaining a contract
                 which are amortised over a period of less than one year are directly recorded in the current profit or
                 loss as incurred.

                 The costs to fulfil a contract that are not within the scope of inventories, fixed assets, intangible assets
                 or other relevant standards and simultaneously meet the following conditions, shall be recognized as
                 an asset as contract performance costs:

                 (1).   the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to an anticipated contract, including direct
                        labour, direct materials, manufacturing overhead (or similar costs), costs that are explicitly
                        chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because of the contract;

                 (2).   the costs enhance resources of the Company that will be used in satisfying performance
                        obligations in the future;

                 (3).   the costs are expected to be recovered.
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         191




                                                                                             Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     26.   Contract Costs and Contract Performance Costs (Continued)
           The assets related to contract costs are amortised on the same basis as the recognition of revenue from
           the goods or services to which the assets relate and recognised in profit or loss for the current period.

           If the carrying amount of assets related to contract costs exceeds the remaining consideration expected
           to be obtained due to the transfer of goods or services related to the assets less estimated costs to be
           incurred, a provision for impairment is made for the excess, which is recognised as impairment losses on
           assets. If the remaining consideration expected to be obtained due to the transfer of goods or services
           related to the assets less estimated costs to be incurred exceeds the carrying amount of assets, due to
           subsequent changes in impairment conditions existing in prior periods, the provision previously made
           for impairment of the assets is reversed and recorded in the current profit or loss, provided that the
           carrying amount of the assets after the reversal is not more than the carrying amount of the assets which
           would have been recorded at the date of reversal if the provision for impairment had not been made.

     27.   Government Grants
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1)    Government grants are recognised only when the following conditions are met at the
                  same time
                  1)    The Company is able to comply with the conditions attached to the government grants;

                  2)     The Company is able to receive the government grants. Government grants in the form of
                         a monetary asset shall be measured at the amount received or receivable, and government
                         grants in the form of a non-monetary asset shall be measured at fair value. Where the fair
                         value is not reliably determinable, the government grants are measured at the nominal
                         amount.

           (2)    Judgment basis and accounting treatment on the government grants relating to assets
                  Government grants which shall be used for constructing or otherwise forming long-term assets
                  as specified in government documents are classified as government grants related to assets.
                  In the absence of specific requirements in government documents, the determination is made
                  according to basic conditions for obtaining the grants; if constructing or otherwise forming
                  long-term assets is treated as a basic condition, the grants are classified as government grants
                  related to assets. Government grants relating to assets are recognized as deferred income.
                  Government grants relating to assets recognised as deferred income are included in other
                  income or non-operating income on a reasonable and systematic basis over the useful lives of
                  the relevant assets. For assets sold, transferred, disposed or damaged prior to the end of their
                  useful lives, balance of unallocated deferred income is transferred to profit or loss for the period
                  in which the disposal occurred.
192




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           27.   Government Grants (Continued)
                 (3)   Judgment basis and accounting treatment on the government grants relating to income
                       Other than government grants relating to assets, other government grants are government
                       grants relating to income. The Company classifies government grants that contain both assets-
                       related and income-related portion or those that are difficult to distinguish as the ones related
                       to income on an entire basis. Government grants relating to income and applied towards
                       reimbursement of related costs or losses in subsequent periods are recognised as deferred income
                       and included in other income or non-operating income for the period in which the related
                       costs or losses are recognised. Government grants, applied towards reimbursement of related
                       costs or losses already incurred, are directly included in other income or non-operating income.

                 (4)   Government grants related to the Company’s daily operations are included in other
                       income or deducted from related costs and expenses according to the economic nature
                       of business. Government grants that are not related to the Company’s daily operations
                       are included in the non-operating income or expenses.

           28.   Deferred Tax Assets/Deferred Tax Liabilities
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 (1)   According to the difference between the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities and their
                       tax basis (if the tax basis for items not recognized as assets and liabilities can be determined
                       according to tax law, the difference is that between the tax basis and their carrying amount),
                       the deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities should be calculated and recognized at the
                       prevailing tax rate during the period when the assets are expected to be recovered or the
                       liabilities are liquidated.

                 (2)   Deferred tax assets should be recognized when it is likely to obtain the taxable income used for
                       deducting a deductible temporary difference. If, on the balance sheet date, there is concrete
                       evidence showing that it is likely to obtain sufficient taxable income for deducting a deductible
                       temporary difference in the future, the deferred tax assets unrecognized in the previous
                       accounting periods should be recognized.

                 (3     If, upon review of the book value of the deferred tax assets on the balance sheet date, it is
                       unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income for deducting the benefit of deferred tax assets in
                       the future, the book value of the deferred tax assets should be written down. If sufficient taxable
                       income is likely to be obtained, the amount written down will be reversed.

                 (4)   The Company’s current income tax and deferred income tax should be taken as income tax
                       expense or gain and included in profit or loss, but income tax resulting from the following
                       circumstances should be excluded: 1) business combination; 2) transactions or matters directly
                       recognized in the owner’s equity.

                 (5)   The Company presents deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities as net
                       amounts after offsetting when the following conditions are simultaneously met: 1) there is a
                       legally enforceable right to set off current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities; 2)
                       the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied
                       by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities
                       which intend either to settle current income tax assets and current income tax liabilities on a
                       net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period
                       in which significant amounts of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
                       are expected to be settled or recovered.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED          2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            193




                                                                                              Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     29.   Leases
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1).   Determination basis and accounting method for the simplified treatment of short-term
                  leases and leases of low-value assets as a lessee
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  1)    The Company as a lessee
                        On the commencement date of the lease period, the Company recognizes leases with a
                        lease term of no more than 12 months and with no purchase option as short-term leases;
                        leases with lower value when a single leased asset is a brand-new asset is recognized
                        as a low-value asset lease. If the Company subleases or expects to sublease the leased
                        assets, the original lease is not recognized as a low-value asset lease.

                        For all short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, the Company charges the lease
                        payments to the cost of the relevant asset or current profit and loss on a straight-line
                        basis over each period of the lease term.

                        Except for the above-mentioned short-term leases and low-value asset leases that adopt
                        simplified treatment, on the commencement date of the lease period, the Company
                        recognizes the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the leases.

                        ①      Right-of-use assets
                               The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost. This cost includes: i. the
                               initial amount of the lease liability; ii. any lease payments made at or before
                               the commencement date (less any lease incentives received if there is a lease
                               incentive); iii. any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; iv. an estimate of costs
                               to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the site on which it
                               is located or restore the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms
                               and conditions of the lease incurred by the lessee.

                               The Company depreciates right-of-use assets on a straight-line basis. If it can be
                               reasonably determined that the ownership of the leased asset will be obtained
                               at the expiration of the lease term, the Company shall accrue depreciation over
                               the remaining useful life of the leased asset. Where it is not reasonably certain
                               that ownership of a leased asset can be obtained at the end of the lease term,
                               depreciation is charged over the shorter of the lease term and the remaining
                               useful life of the leased asset.

                        ②      Lease liabilities
                               On the commencement date of the lease term, the Company recognizes the
                               present value of the unpaid lease payments as lease liabilities. When calculating
                               the present value of lease payments, the implied interest rate of lease is used as
                               the discount rate. If the implied interest rate of lease cannot be determined, the
                               incremental borrowing rate of the Company is used as the discount rate. The
                               difference between the lease payments and its present value is regarded as the
                               unrecognized financing expense. During each period of the lease term, its interest
                               expense is measured at the discount rate for determining the present value of the
                               lease payments, and is included in the current profit or loss. The variable lease
                               payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities are included in the
                               current profit or loss when they actually occur.
194




      Financial Report




      V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           29.   Leases (Continued)
                 (1).   Determination basis and accounting method for the simplified treatment of short-term
                        leases and leases of low-value assets as a lessee (Continued)
                        1)    The Company as a lessee (Continued)
                              ②      Lease liabilities (Continued)
                                     After the commencement date of the lease term, when there is a change in the
                                     actual fixed payments, the estimated payable amount of the guarantee residual
                                     value, the index or ratio used to determine the lease payments, the evaluation
                                     result or the actual exercise situation of the purchase option, the renewal option
                                     or the termination option change, the Company re-measures the lease liabilities
                                     according to the present value of the changed lease payments and adjusts the
                                     book value of the right-of-use asset accordingly. If the book value of the right-of-
                                     use asset has been reduced to zero but the lease liability still needs to be further
                                     reduced, the Company accounts for the remaining amount in the current profit
                                     or loss.

                 (2).   Classification criteria and accounting method of leases as a lessor
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        1)     The Company as a lessor
                               On the lease commencement date, the Company classifies leases that substantially
                               transfer almost all the risks and rewards related to the ownership of the leased assets as
                               financial leases, and other leases are operating leases.

                               ①      Operating lease
                                      During each period of the lease term, the Company recognizes the lease receipts
                                      as rental income on a straight-line basis. The initial direct expenses incurred are
                                      capitalized and amortized on the same basis as the recognition of rental income,
                                      and are included in the current profit and loss in installments. The variable lease
                                      payments obtained by the Company related to operating leases but not included in
                                      the lease receipts are included in the current profit and loss when actually incurred.

                               ②      Financial lease
                                      On the commencement date of the lease term, the Company recognizes the
                                      finance lease receivables and derecognizes the financial lease assets based on
                                      the net investment in the lease (measured at the aggregate of the unguaranteed
                                      residual value and the present value of the lease receivable that are not received at
                                      the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease).
                                      During each period of the lease term, the Company calculates and recognizes
                                      interest income at a fixed periodic interest rate.

                                      The variable lease payments that are not included in the measurement of the net
                                      investment in the lease are recognised in the current profit or loss when incurred.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        195




                                                                                            Financial Report




V.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     29.   Leases (Continued)
           (2).   Classification criteria and accounting method of leases as a lessor (Continued)
                  2)     Leaseback
                         ①      The Company as a lessee
                                The Company evaluates and determines whether the asset transfer in the sale
                                and leaseback transactions is a sale or not in accordance with the Accounting
                                Standard for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue.

                               If the asset transfer in the sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a sale, the
                               Company shall measures the right-of-use assets formed by the sale and leaseback
                               at the book value of the original assets related to the right to use obtained by the
                               leaseback, and recognize the relevant gains or losses only for the right transferred
                               to the lessor.

                               If the transfer of assets in the sale and leaseback transaction does not belong to the
                               sale, the Company shall continue to recognize the transferred assets, recognize a
                               financial liability equal to the transfer income, and carry out accounting treatment
                               for the financial liability in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business
                               Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments.

                        ②      The Company as a lessor
                               The Company assesses whether the transfer of the asset in the sales and leaseback
                               transaction constitutes a sale in accordance with the provisions of the Accounting
                               Standard for Business Enterprises No. 14 – Revenue.

                               If the transfer of assets in a sale-and-leaseback transaction constitutes a sale,
                               the Company shall account for the purchase of assets in accordance with other
                               applicable corporate accounting standards, and shall account for the lease of
                               assets in accordance with the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.
                               21 – Leases.

                               Where the transfer of an asset in a sale and leaseback transaction is not a sale,
                               the Company shall not recognize the transferred asset, but shall recognize a
                               financial asset equal to the proceeds of the transfer, and account for the financial
                               asset in accordance with the Accounting Standard for Business Enterprises No.
                               22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial Instruments.

     30.   Other Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

     31.   Changes in Significant Accounting Policies and Accounting Estimates
           (1).   Changes in significant accounting policies
                  □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
196




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION

            1.   Main Types of Taxes and Corresponding Rates
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 Main types of taxes and corresponding rates
                  Tax Type             Tax basis                                                Tax rate

                  Value-added Tax      Output VAT is calculated on goods sales and taxable      3%, 5%, 6%, 9%, 13%
                                         services revenue according to taxation laws. The
                                         remaining balance of output VAT, after subtracting
                                         the deductible input VAT of the period, is VAT
                                         payable
                  Land value added     Appreciation value resulting from paid transfer of use   30%-60%
                    tax                  right of state-owned land, and property right of
                                         above-ground structures and other attachments
                  Property tax         If levied at value, 1.2% of the original value of the    1.2%, 12%
                                           property less 30% of the remaining value at one
                                           time; if levied at rent, 12% of the rental income
                  City maintenance     Actual amount of transfer tax paid                       1%-7%
                    and
                    construction tax
                  Education            Actual amount of transfer tax paid                       3%
                    surcharge
                  Local education      Actual amount of transfer tax paid                       2%
                    surcharge
                  Corporate income     Taxable profits                                          25%, 20%, 15%, tax free
                    tax


                 Disclosure of information regarding entities subject to different corporate income tax rates
                 □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     197




                                                                                          Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

           (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises
                 According to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning
                 the Implementation of Preferential Income Tax Policies for High-tech Enterprises (Guo Shui
                 [2017] No. 24), a qualified enterprise can be levied corporate income tax at a reduced rate of
                 15%, starting from the year in which the approval is valid.

                 The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:

                  Name of entity                                          Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                  Anhui Huadian Engineering Consulting & Design Co., Ltd.
                    (安徽華電工程諮詢設計有限公司)                                      GR202234000024                    15%
                  Anhui Jinli Energy Technology Development Co., Ltd.
                    (安徽津利能源科技發展有限責任公司)                                    GR202234004429                    15%
                  Beijing Electric Power Equipment General Factory Co., Ltd.
                    (北京電力設備總廠有限公司)                                           GR202211008860                 15%
                  Beijing Electric Power Automation Equipment Co., Ltd.
                    (北京電力自動化設備有限公司)                                       GR202311002384                    15%
                  Beijing Guodian De’an Electric Power Engineering Co.,
                    Ltd. (北京國電德安電力工程有限公司)                                 GR202211007021                    15%
                  Beijing Guodian Desheng Engineering Project
                    Management Co., Ltd.
                    (北京國電德勝工程項目管理有限公司)                                    GR202211007509                    15%
                  Beijing Guoxin Youkong Digital Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (北京國信優控數字科技有限公司)                                      GR202311010186                    15%
                  Chenzhou 7320 Chemical Co., Ltd.
                    (郴州七三二零化工有限公司)                                        GR202443002950                    15%
                  Chengdu Best Digital Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (成都貝斯特數碼科技有限責任公司)                                     GR202351004687                    15%
                  Gezhouba (Wuhan) New Energy Technology Development
                    Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩(武漢)新能源科技發展有限公司)                             GR202442004536                         15%
                  Gezhouba Jiexin (Wuhan) Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩潔新(武漢)科技有限公司)                                     GR202242003949                    15%
                  CGGC-UN POWER Co., Ltd.
                   (葛洲壩能源重工有限公司)                                          GR202411006668                    15%
                  Gezhouba Ecological Treatment (Hubei) Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩生態治理(湖北)股份有限公司)                                   GR202242005210                    15%
                  Gezhouba Shimen Special Cement Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩石門特種水泥有限公司)                                       GR202243000843                    15%
                  Gezhouba Oil & Natural Gas Engineering Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩石油天然氣工程有限公司)                                      GR202351005812                    15%
                  Gezhouba Water Affairs (Qiyang) Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩水務(祁陽)有限公司)                                       GR202243001818                    15%
198




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                       The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                       (Continued)

                        Name of entity                                             Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                        Gezhouba Water Affairs Zibo Boshan Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩水務淄博博山有限公司)                                          GR202337006694                    15%
                        Gezhouba Communication Technology Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩通信技術有限公司)                                            GR202442002021                    15%
                        Gezhouba Xinjiang Engineering Bureau (Co., Ltd.)
                          (葛洲壩新疆工程局(有限公司))                                         GR202365000904                    15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Guangxi Weiqi Chemical Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力廣西威奇化工有限責任公司)                                     GR202345000393                    15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Hubei Changtai Civil Explosive Co.,
                          Ltd. (葛洲壩易普力湖北昌泰民爆有限公司)                                  GR202442002572                    15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Hunan Erhua Civil Explosive Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力湖南二化民爆有限公司)                                       GR202243001726                    15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Sichuan Blasting Engineering
                          Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力四川爆破工程有限公司)                                       GR202251005806                    15%
                        Explosive (Xinjiang) Mining Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (易普力(新疆)礦山工程有限公司)                                        GR202365000580                    15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Chongqing Lineng Civil Explosive
                          Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力重慶力能民爆股份有限公司)                                     GR202451100346                    15%
                        Guangdong Guangcheng Technology Services Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東光誠技術服務有限公司)                                           GR202444010698                    15%
                        Guangdong Kenuo Surveying Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東科諾勘測工程有限公司)                                           GR202444005896                    15%
                        Guangdong Lite Engineering Machinery Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東力特工程機械有限公司)                                           GR202244002065                    15%
                        Guangdong Electric Power Wires and Materials Plant Co.,
                          Ltd. (廣東省電力線路器材廠有限公司)                                 GR202344005932                       15%
                        Guangdong Tuoqi Electric Power Technology
                          Development Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東拓奇電力技術發展有限公司)                                         GR202344010074                    15%
                        Guangdong Tianan Project Management Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東天安項目管理有限公司)                                           GR202244014777                    15%
                        Guangdong Tianlian Power Design Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東天聯電力設計有限公司)                                           GR202244014602                    15%
                        Guangdong Tianxin Electric Power Engineering Testing
                          Co., Ltd. (廣東天信電力工程檢測有限公司)                               GR202444003158                    15%
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        199




                                                                                            Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                 The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                 (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                             Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                  Guangxi Guineng Software Co., Ltd.
                    (廣西桂能軟件有限公司)                                             GR202345000760                    15%
                  Guangxi T-energy Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.
                    (廣西泰能工程諮詢有限公司)                                           GR202445000539                    15%
                  Guangzhou South Pipeline Co., Ltd.
                    (廣州南方管道有限公司)                                             GR202344013746                    15%
                  Guoyan North China Engineering Technology (Beijing)
                    Co., Ltd. (國岩華北工程技術(北京)有限公司)                             GR202411005770                    15%
                  Hangzhou Huadian Huayuan Environmental Engineering
                    Co., Ltd. (杭州華電華源環境工程有限公司)                               GR202333003634                    15%
                  Hangzhou Huayuan Frontline Energy Equipment Co., Ltd.
                    (杭州華源前線能源設備有限公司)                                         GR202233009046                    15%
                  Hangzhou Yipu Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (杭州億普科技有限公司)                                             GR202333010863                    15%
                  Hubei Geke Engineering Testing Co., Ltd.
                    (湖北葛科工程試驗檢測有限公司)                                         GR202242000153                    15%
                  Hubei Yichang Dingcheng Engineering Technology
                    Services Co., Ltd.
                    (湖北省宜昌市鼎誠工程技術服務有限公司)                                     GR202342008037                    15%
                  Hunan Chemical Engineering Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南化工設計院有限公司)                                            GR202443000809                    15%
                  Hunan Kechuang Electric Power Engineering Technology
                    Co., Ltd. (湖南科創電力工程技術有限公司)                               GR202443002146                    15%
                  Hunan Kexin Power Design Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南科鑫電力設計有限公司)                                           GR202343003238                    15%
                  Hunan Kexin Testing Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南科信檢測有限公司)                                             GR202443001197                    15%
                  Hunan Lide Metal Structure Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南利德金屬結構有限責任公司)                                         GR202243002228                    15%
                  Hunan Nanling Hengyang Civil Explosive Service Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南南嶺衡陽民用爆破服務有限公司)                                       GR202343000066                    15%
                  Hunan Nanling Civil Explosive Engineering Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南南嶺民爆工程有限公司)                                           GR202343005182                    15%
                  Hunan Nanling Civil Explosive Fine Chemical Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南南嶺民爆精細化工有限公司)                                         GR202443002503                    15%
                  Hunan Nanling Fire Protection Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南南嶺消防科技有限公司)                                           GR202243000965                    15%
200




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                       The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                       (Continued)

                        Name of entity                                             Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                        Hunan Yueyang Nanling Civil Explosive Services Co., Ltd.
                          (湖南岳陽南嶺民用爆破服務有限公司)                                       GR202343002104                    15%
                        Huanye Iron Steel Structure Nuclear Power Equipment
                          Co., Ltd. (華業鋼構核電裝備有限公司)                                 GR202233004437                    15%
                        Huaihua Nanling Civil Explosive Service Co., Ltd.
                          (懷化南嶺民用爆破服務有限公司)                                         GR202343000155                    15%
                        Jiangsu Power Equipment Co., Ltd.
                           (江蘇電力裝備有限公司)                                            GR202432002000                    15%
                        Jiangsu Jiangnan Testing Co., Ltd.
                           (江蘇江南檢測有限公司)                                            GR202232011733                    15%
                        Jiangsu Keneng Electric Power Engineering Consulting
                           Co., Ltd. (江蘇科能電力工程諮詢有限公司)                              GR202232015224                    15%
                        Lanzhou Electric Power Repair Co., Ltd.
                          (蘭州電力修造有限公司)                                             GR202462000681                    15%
                        Lianyuan Haichuanda Water Affairs Co., Ltd.
                           (漣源市海川達水務有限公司)                                          GR202343002938                    15%
                        Nanjing Electric Power Fittings Design and Research
                          Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (南京電力金具設計研究院有限公司)                                        GR202332015900                    15%
                        Nanning Xingdian Concrete Co., Ltd.
                          (南寧興典混凝土有限責任公司)                                          GR202345000499                    15%
                        Shanxi Huashi Testing Technology Co., Ltd.
                          (山西華視檢測科技有限公司)                                           GR202214000124                    15%
                        Shaoyang Sanhua Co., Ltd.
                          (邵陽三化有限責任公司)                                             GR202243000697                    15%
                        Tianjin Chengshunda Building Material Testing Co., Ltd.
                           (天津誠順達建築材料檢測有限公司)                                       GR202412000896                    15%
                        Tianjin Chengxinda Metal Detection Technology Co., Ltd.
                           (天津誠信達金屬檢測技術有限公司)                                       GR202312002972                    15%
                        Tianjin Jindian Power Supply Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                           (天津津電供電設計所有限公司)                                         GR202212001345                    15%
                        Tianjin Lanchao Electric Power Maintenance Co., Ltd.
                           (天津藍巢電力檢修有限公司)                                          GR202312001836                    15%
                        Tianjin Lanchao Special Hoisting Engineering Co., Ltd.
                           (天津藍巢特種吊裝工程有限公司)                                        GR202312001621                    15%
                        Xi’an Chuangyuan Electric Power Fittings Co., Ltd.
                           (西安創源電力金具有限公司)                                          GR202261005213                    15%
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        201




                                                                                            Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                 The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                 (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                             Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                  Northwestern Third Electric Power Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (西北電力建設第三工程有限公司)                                         GR202261005403                    15%
                  Northwestern First Electric Power Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (西北電力建設第一工程有限公司)                                         GR202261001519                    15%
                  Yangzhou Power Equipment Repair Factory Co., Ltd.
                    (揚州電力設備修造廠有限公司)                                          GR202432016954                    15%
                  Yichang Zhengxin Construction Engineering Testing Co.,
                    Ltd. (宜昌正信建築工程試驗檢測有限公司)                                  GR202242001273                    15%
                  Explosive Xiangnan (Hunan) Explosives Co., Ltd.
                    (易普力湘南(湖南)爆破器材有限責任公司)                                    GR202243002568                    15%
                  Explosive Xianghong (Hunan) Machinery & Chemical Co.,
                    Ltd. (易普力向紅(湖南)機械化工有限責任公司)                               GR202243000211                    15%
                  Zhenjiang East China Electric Power Equipment Company
                    Ltd. (鎮江華東電力設備製造廠有限公司)                                   GR202332002524                    15%
                  China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group
                    Northeast Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力工程顧問集團東北電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202222000201                    15%
                  China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group North
                    China Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力工程顧問集團華北電力設計院有限公司)                               GR202411000950                       15%
                  China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group East
                    China Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力工程顧問集團華東電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202331001014                    15%
                  China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group
                    Northwest Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力工程顧問集團西北電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202261002263                    15%
                  China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group
                    Southwest Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力工程顧問集團西南電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202251004504                    15%
                  China Power Engineering Consulting Group New Energy
                    Co, Ltd. (中國電力工程顧問集團新能源有限公司)                             GR202411005822                    15%
                  China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group
                    Zhongnan Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力工程顧問集團中南電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202442005177                    15%
                  China Power Construction Engineering Consulting
                    Environmental Project Co., Ltd.
                    (中國電力建設工程諮詢環境工程有限公司)                                     GR202351006006                    15%
202




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                       The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                       (Continued)

                        Name of entity                                            Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                        China Power Engineering Consulting Corporation
                          (中國電力建設工程諮詢有限公司)                                        GR202311000508                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group No.2 Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團第二工程有限公司)                                       GR202451001191                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group No.3 Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團第三工程有限公司)                                       GR202361005723                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group No.1 Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團第一工程有限公司)                                       GR202442000294                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Electric Power Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團電力有限責任公司)                                       GR202442000691                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Stock Company Limited
                          (中國葛洲壩集團股份有限公司)                                         GR202242006324                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group International Engineering Co.,
                          Ltd. (中國葛洲壩集團國際工程有限公司)                                  GR202311005603                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Mechanical and Power
                          Construction Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團機電建設有限公司)                                       GR202451001894                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Machinery & Ship Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團機械船舶有限公司)                                       GR202242002575                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Construction Engineering Co.,
                          Ltd. (中國葛洲壩集團建設工程有限公司)                                  GR202253000082                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Survey and Design Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團勘測設計有限公司)                                       GR202242008544                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Road & Bridge Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團路橋工程有限公司)                                       GR202242005270                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Three Gorges Construction
                          Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團三峽建設工程有限公司)                                     GR202442000318                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Municipal Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團市政工程有限公司)                                       GR202242001802                    15%
                        China Gezhouba Group Explosive Co., Ltd.
                          (中國葛洲壩集團易普力股份有限公司)                                      GR202251101741                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Anhui Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團安徽省電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202334004040                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Northeast No. 2 Electric
                          Power Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團東北電力第二工程有限公司)                                  GR202221200557                    15%
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      203




                                                                                          Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                 The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                 (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                           Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                  China Energy Engineering Group Gansu Electric Power
                    Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團甘肅省電力設計院有限公司)                                 GR202262000586                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Guangdong Electric
                    Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團廣東省電力設計研究院有限公司)                               GR202344009329                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Guangxi Electric Power
                    Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團廣西電力設計研究院有限公司)                                GR202445000069                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Guangxi Hydropower
                    Engineering Bureau Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團廣西水電工程局有限公司)                                  GR202245000250                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Heilongjiang Electric
                    Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團黑龍江省電力設計院有限公司)                                GR202423000845                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Hunan Thermal Power
                    Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團湖南火電建設有限公司)                                   GR202243002854                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Hunan Electric Power
                    Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團湖南省電力設計院有限公司)                                 GR202443001001                    15%
                  China Energy Construction Group North China Electric
                    Power Research Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團華北電力試驗研究院有限公司)                                GR202212000385                    15%
                  China Energy Construction Group East China Electric
                    Power Research Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團華東電力試驗研究院有限公司)                                GR202433001250                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Huazhong Electric
                    Power Research Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團華中電力試驗研究院有限公司)                                GR202343001483                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Jiangsu Electric Power
                    Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團江蘇省電力設計院有限公司)                                 GR202432017217                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Science and Technology
                    Development Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團科技發展有限公司)                                     GR202412000411                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Liaoning Electric Power
                    Survey and Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團遼寧電力勘測設計院有限公司)                                GR202221001516                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Nanjing Wires and
                    Materials Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團南京線路器材有限公司)                                   GR202232011326                    15%
204




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                       The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                       (Continued)

                        Name of entity                                           Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                        China Energy Engineering Group Shanxi Electric Power
                          Construction Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團山西電力建設有限公司)                                   GR202314000111                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Shanxi Electric Power
                          Survey and Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團山西省電力勘測設計院有限公司)                               GR202314000606                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Shaanxi Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團陝西省電力設計院有限公司)                                 GR202461002098                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Shaanxi Yinhe Electric
                          Power Line Materials Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團陝西銀河電力線路器材有限公司)                               GR202261003293                    15%
                        China Energy Construction Group Shenyang Electric
                          Machinery General Factory Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團瀋陽電力機械總廠有限公司)                                 GR202421002323                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Tianjin Electric Power
                          Construction Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團天津電力建設有限公司)                                   GR202312000775                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Tianjin Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團天津電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202212001301                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Northwest Power
                          Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團西北電力建設工程有限公司)                                 GR202361000493                    15%
                        China Energy Construction Group Northwest Electric
                          Power Research Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團西北電力試驗研究院有限公司)                                GR202461001189                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Xinjiang Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團新疆電力設計院有限公司)                                  GR202465000232                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Yunnan Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團雲南省電力設計院有限公司)                                 GR202353000239                    15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Zhejiang Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團浙江省電力設計院有限公司)                                 GR202433006330                    15%
                        Zhongnan Electric Power Project Management Consulting
                          (Hubei) Co., Ltd.
                          (中南電力項目管理諮詢(湖北)有限公司)                                GR202242004331                       15%
                        China Energy Engineering (Beijing) Energy Research
                          Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建(北京)能源研究院有限公司)                                     GR202311001586                    15%
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       205




                                                                                           Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (1)   Tax incentives for high-tech enterprises (Continued)
                 The main details of the Company’s identification as a high-tech enterprise are as follows:
                 (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                            Certificate number   Effective tax rate

                  China Energy Engineering (Xinjiang) Engineering Quality
                    Inspection Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建(新疆)工程質量檢測有限公司)                                     GR202465000351                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Energy Storage Technology
                    (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建儲能科技(武漢)有限公司)                                       GR202342002690                    15%
                  China Energy Construction Geothermal Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建地熱有限公司)                                             GR202211005587                    15%
                  China Energy Construction Group Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建建築集團有限公司)                                           GR202434005301                    15%
                  China Energy Road and Bridge Engineering Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建路橋工程有限公司)                                           GR202412001176                    15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Northwest City
                    Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建西北城市建設有限公司)                                         GR202361004083                    15%
                  Explosive Jintai (Chongqing) Chemical Co., Ltd.
                    (易普力錦泰(重慶)化工有限公司)                                       GR202451100064                    15%
                  Gezhouba Group Testing and Inspection Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩集團試驗檢測有限公司)                                         GR202242003201                    15%
                  Gezhouba Explosive (Hunan) Technology Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩易普力(湖南)科技有限公司)                                      GR202443000916                    15%
206




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (2)   Tax incentives for the Western Development
                       According to the Announcement No. 23 in 2020 issued by Ministry of Finance, the State
                       Administration of Taxation and the National Development and Reform Commission, from 1
                       January 2021 to 31 December 2030, for enterprises in encouraged industries located in the
                       western region, corporate income tax is levied at a reduced rate of 15%. The term “encouraged
                       industrial enterprises” as mentioned in this article refers to enterprises whose main business is
                       the industrial projects specified in the Catalogue of Encouraged Industries in the Western Region,
                       and whose main business income accounts for more than 60% of the total enterprise income.

                       Main entities of the Company enjoying the tax incentives for the Western Development are as
                       follows:

                        Name of entity                                                                   Effective tax rate

                        Gezhouba Chongqing Daxihe Hydropower Development Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩重慶大溪河水電開發有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Explosive (Xinjiang) Mining Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (易普力(新疆)礦山工程有限公司)                                                                           15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Guangxi Weiqi Chemical Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力廣西威奇化工有限責任公司)                                                                        15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Chongqing Lineng Civil Explosive Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力重慶力能民爆股份有限公司)                                                                        15%
                        Enshi Yuefeng Yunlong River Hydropower Development Co., Ltd.
                          (恩施市越峰雲龍河水電開發有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Ningxia Tianchang Civil Explosive Equipment Co., Ltd.
                          (寧夏天長民爆器材有限責任公司)                                                                            15%
                        Gezhouba Explosive Sichuan Blasting Engineering Co., Ltd.
                          (葛洲壩易普力四川爆破工程有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        China Electric Power Engineering Consulting Group Northwest Electric Power
                          Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國電力工程顧問集團西北電力設計院有限公司)                                                                     15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Shaanxi Electric Power Design Institute Co.,
                          Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團陝西省電力設計院有限公司)                                                                      15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Gansu Electric Power Design Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團甘肅省電力設計院有限公司)                                                                      15%
                        Xinjiang Dingyao Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.
                          (新疆鼎耀工程諮詢有限公司)                                                                              15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Yunnan Electric Power Design Institute Co.,
                          Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團雲南省電力設計院有限公司)                                                                      15%
                        Guangxi Guineng Engineering Consulting Group Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西桂能工程諮詢集團有限公司)                                                                            15%
                        Guangxi Hydropower Research Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西水電科學研究院有限公司)                                                                             15%
                        Guangxi Zhongyu Engineering Consulting Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西中宇工程諮詢有限公司)                                                                              15%
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     207




                                                                                            Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (2)   Tax incentives for the Western Development (Continued)
                 Main entities of the Company enjoying the tax incentives for the Western Development are as
                 follows: (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                                               Effective tax rate

                  Northwestern Third Electric Power Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (西北電力建設第三工程有限公司)                                                                        15%
                  Northwest Electric Power Construction Engineering Supervision Co., Ltd.
                    (西北電力建設工程監理有限責任公司)                                                                      15%
                  Guangxi Longjiang Electric Power Development Co., Ltd.
                    (廣西龍江電力開發有限責任公司)                                                                        15%
                  Guangxi Liyuan Engineering Project Management Co., Ltd.
                    (廣西力元工程項目管理有限公司)                                                                        15%
                  Xinjiang Electric Power Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (新疆電力建設有限公司)                                                                            15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Yunnan Thermal Power Construction Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團雲南火電建設有限公司)                                                                    15%
                  Ansai Zhongdian Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (安塞中電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                         15%
                  Dali China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (大荔中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                         15%
                  Sichuan Energy Construction Engineering Technical Service Co., Ltd.
                     (四川能建工程技術服務有限公司)                                                                       15%
                  Yanchi China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (鹽池縣中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                        15%
                  Explosive Jintai (Chongqing) Chemical Co., Ltd.
                    (易普力錦泰(重慶)化工有限公司)                                                                       15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Northwest Power Construction Gansu
                    Engineering Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團西北電力建設甘肅工程有限公司)                                                                15%
                  Chongzuo Jiangzhou China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (崇左市江州區中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                      15%
                  Guigang China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (貴港中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                  Ningming China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (寧明中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                  Fusui China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (扶綏中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                  Chongzuo Jiangzhou China Energy Green Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (崇左市江州區中能綠電新能源有限公司)                                                                     15%
                  Tiandeng China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                     (天等中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                         15%
208




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (2)   Tax incentives for the Western Development (Continued)
                       Main entities of the Company enjoying the tax incentives for the Western Development are as
                       follows: (Continued)

                        Name of entity                                                                 Effective tax rate

                        Gonghe China Energy Construction Investment Qingjiaokong New Energy Co.,
                          Ltd.
                          (共和中能建投青交控新能源有限公司)                                                                        15%
                        Jingyuan China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (涇源縣中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                         15%
                        Zhangye China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (張掖中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                           15%
                        Yulin China Energy Construction Juhuang New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (榆林中能建巨皇新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Luonan China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (洛南中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                           15%
                        Jingchuan China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (涇川中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Xinjiang Electric Power Design Institute Co.,
                          Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團新疆電力設計院有限公司)                                                                     15%
                        China Energy Engineering Group Yongsheng New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中國能源建設集團永勝新能源有限公司)                                                                       15%
                        Yichuan Zhongdian Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (宜川中電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                           15%
                        Jingjing Jiemao Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
                           (涇陽捷茂能源科技有限公司)                                                                           15%
                        Daxin China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (大新中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                            15%
                        Longzhou China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (龍州中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                            15%
                        Guangxi Guigang Zhongdian New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西貴港市中電新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Guangxi Guiping Zhongdian New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西桂平市中電新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Guangxi Pingnan Zhongdian New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西平南縣中電新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Chongzuo Jiangzhou Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (崇左市江州區中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                       15%
                        Daxin Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (大新縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                        Fusui Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (扶綏縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                          15%
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                    209




                                                                                            Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (2)   Tax incentives for the Western Development (Continued)
                 Main entities of the Company enjoying the tax incentives for the Western Development are as
                 follows: (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                                               Effective tax rate

                  Ningming Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (寧明縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                        15%
                  Tiandeng Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                     (天等縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                       15%
                  Longzhou Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (龍州縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                        15%
                  Pingxiang Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                     (憑祥市中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                       15%
                  Ningming Zhongdian New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (寧明中電新能源有限公司)                                                                           15%
                  Jiuquan Energy Construction Yuneng Technology Co., Ltd.
                     (酒泉能建玉能科技有限公司)                                                                         15%
                  China Energy Engineering Group Northwest Power Construction Engineering
                    Co., Ltd.
                    (中國能源建設集團西北電力建設工程有限公司)                                                                  15%
                  Huangyuan Huahanhai New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (湟源華瀚海新能源有限責任公司)                                                                        15%
                  Huangyuan Huahan New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (湟源華漢新能源有限責任公司)                                                                         15%
                  Turpan Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (吐魯番華新新能源有限責任公司)                                                                        15%
                  Guangxi T-energy Engineering Consultancy Co., Ltd.
                    (廣西泰能工程諮詢有限公司)                                                                          15%
                  China Gezhouba Group Explosive Co., Ltd.
                    (中國葛洲壩集團易普力股份有限公司)                                                                      15%
                  Lanzhou Kaiyuan Engineering Supervision Co., Ltd.
                    (蘭州開元工程監理有限責任公司)                                                                        15%
                  Guangxi Hechi Little Three Gorges Tourism Co., Ltd.
                    (廣西河池小三峽旅遊有限公司)                                                                         15%
                  Gezhouba Explosive Emeishan Civil Explosives Co., Ltd.
                    (葛洲壩易普力峨眉山民爆有限公司)                                                                       15%
                  China Energy Engineering Xinjiang Energy Development Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建新疆能源發展有限公司)                                                                         15%
                  China Energy Construction Investment Urumqi New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投烏魯木齊新能源有限公司)                                                                       15%
210




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (3)   Tax incentives for public infrastructure projects
                       According to the relevant provisions of Article 27 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the
                       People’s Republic of China (Order of the President of the People’s Republic of China [2007] No.
                       63), income of the subsidiaries of the Company engaged in the investment and operation of
                       public infrastructure projects supported by the state, shall be exempted from corporate income
                       tax from the first year to the third year, and halved from the fourth to sixth year starting from
                       the tax year in which the project receives the first income from production and operation.

                       In accordance with the relevant provisions of Article 88 of the Regulations on the Implementation
                       of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (State Council Order [2007]
                       No. 512), income of the subsidiaries of the Company engaged in environmental protection,
                       energy-saving and water-saving projects such as public sewage treatment, public waste
                       treatment, comprehensive development and utilization of biogas, technological transformation
                       of energy conservation and emission reduction, and seawater desalination, shall be exempted
                       from corporate income tax from the first year to the third year, and halved from the fourth
                       to sixth year starting from the tax year in which the project receives the first income from
                       production and operation.

                       The Company’s main enterprises enjoying tax incentives for public infrastructure projects are
                       as follows:

                        Name of entity                                                                 Beginning year

                        Gaolan Youneng New Energy Investment Co., Ltd.
                          (皋蘭優能新能源投資有限公司)                                                                        2024
                        Longzhou Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (龍州縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                       2024
                        Pingxiang Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (憑祥市中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                      2024
                        Chongzuo Jiangzhou Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (崇左市江州區中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                    2024
                        Zhejiang Qingyuan Zhongneng Green Power Wind Power Co., Ltd.
                          (浙江慶元中能綠電風電有限公司)                                                                       2024
                        China Energy Construction Investment (Yangjiang) New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投(陽江)新能源有限公司)                                                                      2024
                        Tiandeng China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (天等中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                        2022
                        Gonghe China Energy Construction Investment Qingjiaokong New Energy Co.,
                          Ltd.
                          (共和中能建投青交控新能源有限公司)                                                                     2022
                        Hunan Lanshan Zhongdian Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (湖南藍山中電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                      2020
                        Xiyang China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (昔陽中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                        2023
                        China Energy Construction Investment Xilin Gol League New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投錫林郭勒盟新能源有限公司)                                                                     2020
                        China Energy Construction Investment Anda New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投安達市新能源有限公司)                                                                       2022
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       211




                                                                                               Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (3)   Tax incentives for public infrastructure projects (Continued)
                 The Company’s main enterprises enjoying tax incentives for public infrastructure projects are
                 as follows: (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                                                   Beginning year

                  Heilongjiang Fengyun Wind Power Co., Ltd.
                    (黑龍江省風雲風力發電有限責任公司)                                                                        2020
                  Yongjia Zhongdian Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (永嘉中電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                          2021
                  Dali China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (大荔中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                          2021
                  Ansai Zhongdian Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (安塞中電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                          2022
                  Yanchi China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (鹽池縣中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                         2022
                  China Energy Construction Investment Chizhou New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投池州新能源有限公司)                                                                          2022
                  Chongzuo Jiangzhou China Energy Green Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (崇左市江州區中能綠電新能源有限公司)                                                                      2023
                  Chongzuo Jiangzhou China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (崇左市江州區中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                       2023
                  China Energy Construction (Qingtian) New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建(青田)新能源有限公司)                                                                         2021
                  China Energy Construction Investment Jinlongshan Wind Power (Nanxiong) Co.,
                    Ltd.
                    (中能建投金龍山風電(南雄)有限公司)                                                                      2021
                  Guigang China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (貴港中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                           2023
                  China Energy Green Power (Zhejiang Qingyuan) Photovoltaic Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能綠電(浙江慶元)光伏能源有限公司)                                                                     2023
                  Heqing China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (鶴慶中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                           2023
                  China Energy Construction Investment (Ziyun) New Energy Electricity Power
                    Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投(紫雲)新能源發電有限公司)                                                                      2023
                  China Energy Construction Investment (Guangrao) New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投(廣饒)新能源有限公司)                                                                        2023
                  Jingyang Jiemao Energy Technology Co., Ltd.
                     (涇陽捷茂能源科技有限公司)                                                                          2023
                  Qinshui Yuanjing Huihe Wind Power Co., Ltd.
                    (沁水遠景匯合風電有限公司)                                                                           2021
                  Hunan Liling CLP Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (湖南醴陵中電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                        2020
212




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (3)   Tax incentives for public infrastructure projects (Continued)
                       The Company’s main enterprises enjoying tax incentives for public infrastructure projects are
                       as follows: (Continued)

                        Name of entity                                                             Beginning year

                        China Energy Construction Investment Wuwei New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投無為新能源有限公司)                                                                     2021
                        Lingshan China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (靈山縣中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                   2023
                        China Energy Green Power (Zhangye) New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能綠電(張掖)新能源有限公司)                                                                   2023
                        China Energy Construction Investment Songyuan New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投松原新能源有限公司)                                                                     2022
                        Fusui Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (扶綏縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                    2024
                        Ningming China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (寧明中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                      2023
                        Quzhou Qujiang China Energy Green Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (衢州市衢江區中能綠電新能源有限公司)                                                                 2021
                        Daxin China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (大新中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                      2024
                        Tiandeng Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (天等縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                   2024
                        Fusui China Energy Construction New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (扶綏中能建新能源有限公司)                                                                      2023
                        Ningming Zhongdian Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (寧明縣中電智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                    2024
                        China Energy Construction Investment Da’an Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投大安能源有限公司)                                                                      2024
                        Zhucheng China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (諸城中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                     2023
                        China Energy Construction Investment Heilongjiang New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投黑龍江新能源有限公司)                                                                    2021
                        Zhuzhou Huhuo New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (株洲湖火新能源有限公司)                                                                      2024
                        Zhongnan Power Wuhan New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中南電力武漢新能源有限公司)                                                                    2022
                        Zhongdian Engineering Yexian New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中電工程葉縣新能源有限公司)                                                                    2022
                        China Energy Construction Investment Hami New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (中能建投哈密新能源有限公司)                                                                    2023
                        Lianyungang Hefeng Wind Power Co., Ltd.
                           (連雲港和風風電有限公司)                                                                     2021
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       213




                                                                                            Financial Report




VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
           (3)   Tax incentives for public infrastructure projects (Continued)
                 The Company’s main enterprises enjoying tax incentives for public infrastructure projects are
                 as follows: (Continued)

                  Name of entity                                                                   Beginning year

                  Nangong China Energy Green Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (南宮市中能綠電新能源有限公司)                                                                          2021
                  Langxi Shengshi Energy Investment Management Co., Ltd.
                    (郎溪縣盛世能源投資管理有限公司)                                                                        2020
                  Yicheng Integrated Power Engineering New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (宜城市綜電工程新能源有限公司)                                                                         2022
                  Sheyang Zhongnan Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (射陽中南電力新能源有限公司)                                                                          2022
                  China Energy Construction Investment Shihezi New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投石河子新能源有限公司)                                                                         2023
                  Zhongdian Dali New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中電大理新能源有限公司)                                                                            2023
                  Zhenning Zhongneng Green Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (鎮寧中能綠電新能源有限公司)                                                                          2024
                  Chunhua China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (淳化中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                          2025
                  Qinzhou China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (欽州中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                          2025
                  Zhongnan Power Tianmen New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中南電力天門新能源有限公司)                                                                          2025
                  China Energy Construction Investment Huai’an New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投懷安新能源有限公司)                                                                          2025
                  Yangjiang Yangdong China Energy Intelligent New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (陽江市陽東中能智慧新能源有限公司)                                                                       2025
                  Shenchi China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (神池中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                          2025
                  China Energy Construction Investment (Hechi) New Energy Investment Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投(河池)新能源投資有限公司)                                                                      2025
                  Zhangye China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (張掖中能建投新能源有限公司)                                                                          2025
                  China Energy Construction Investment (Liupanshui) Power Co., Ltd.
                    (中能建投(六盤水)電力有限公司)                                                                        2025
                  Turpan Huaxin New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (吐魯番華新新能源有限責任公司)                                                                         2025
                  Zhongdian Shuangbai New Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (中電雙柏新能源有限公司)                                                                            2025
                  Shangyi Jinshang New Energy Development Co., Ltd.
                    (尚義津尚新能源開發有限公司)                                                                          2025
214




      Financial Report




      VI.   TAXATION (CONTINUED)

            2.   Tax Preference (Continued)
                 (3)    Tax incentives for public infrastructure projects (Continued)
                        The Company’s main enterprises enjoying tax incentives for public infrastructure projects are
                        as follows: (Continued)

                          Name of entity                                                                 Beginning year

                          Yanchang Diangu Green Power New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (延長縣電顧綠電新能源有限公司)                                                                      2025
                          Shaoyang Huhuo New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (邵陽縣湖火新能源有限公司)                                                                        2025
                          Huangyuan Huahan New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (湟源華漢新能源有限責任公司)                                                                       2025
                          Chizhou Hehong New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (池州合洪新能源有限公司)                                                                         2025
                          Hengshan China Energy Construction Investment Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (衡山中能建投能源有限公司)                                                                        2025
                          Huangyuan Huahanhai New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (湟源華瀚海新能源有限責任公司)                                                                      2025
                          Pingding China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd. (Phase I
                             Wind Power Project)
                             (平定中能建投新能源有限公司(一期風力發電項目))                                                            2020
                          Pingding China Energy Construction Investment New Energy Co., Ltd. (Phase II
                             Wind Power Expansion Project)
                             (平定中能建投新能源有限公司(二期風力發電擴建項目))                                                          2023
                          China Energy Construction Ruyang New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (中能建汝陽新能源有限公司)                                                                        2020


            3.   Others
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 (1).   According to the Notice on the Value-Added Tax Policies for Wind Power Generation (Cai Shui
                        [2015] No. 74), starting from 1 July 2015, taxpayer who sales self-produced power products
                        using wind power will be subject to the policy of 50% VAT refund immediately after collection.

                 (2).   According to the Notice of State Taxation Administration on Issues Concerning the Enterprise
                        Income Tax Incentives on Enterprises that Recruit the Disabled (《國家稅務總局關於安置殘疾
                        人員就業有關企業所得稅優惠政策問題的通知》) (Cai Shui [2009] No. 70), the enterprise could
                        deduct all the salary payment for the disabled employees in light of true situation and again
                        deduct additional 100% of the aforesaid salary payment.
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         215




                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

       1.   Cash at Bank and on Hand
            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
             Item                                                                Closing balance     Opening balance

             Cash on hand                                                                 23,053              18,975
             Bank deposits                                                            80,188,719          82,362,899
             Other currency funds                                                      8,346,962           8,780,334

             Total                                                                    88,558,734          91,162,208
             Including: Total amount deposited abroad                                  8,816,862           7,853,595


            Other explanation
            1)    Other currency funds of the Company mainly include deposits for bank acceptance bills, deposits
                  for letters of credit, deposits for letter of guarantee and other funds with limited use, please
                  refer to Note VII 25 Assets with Restricted Ownership or Right-of-use.

            2)       Some of the currency funds of the Company deposited abroad are subject to foreign exchange
                     controls in relevant countries or regions, and cannot be freely converted into foreign currencies
                     or remitted from these countries or regions.

       2.   Financial Assets Held for Trading
            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
             Item                                                                Closing balance     Opening balance

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       120,909             420,989
             Including:
                 Investment in debt instruments                                          100,216             400,303
                 Investment in equity instruments                                         20,693              20,686

             Total                                                                       120,909             420,989
216




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             3.   Bills Receivables
                  (1).   Presentation of bills receivables by classification
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                          Item                                                                                                Closing balance                           Opening balance

                          Bank acceptance bills                                                                                           3,273,277                                 3,169,750
                          Commercial acceptance bills                                                                                       785,050                                 1,021,580

                          Total                                                                                                           4,058,327                                 4,191,330


                  (2).   Bills receivables endorsed or discounted by the Company at the end of the period and
                         not yet due on the balance sheet date
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                     Amount                                     Amount
                                                                                                                              derecognized at                          not derecognized
                                                                                                                               the end of the                          at the end of the
                          Item                                                                                                         period                                     period

                          Bank acceptance bills                                                                                           1,272,215                                 1,201,973
                          Commercial acceptance bills                                                                                                                                      320,503

                          Total                                                                                                           1,272,215                                 1,522,476


                  (3).   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision for bad debts
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Closing balance                                                           Opening balance
                                                          Book balance              Provision for bad debts                       Book balance                 Provision for bad debts
                                                                                              Provision                                                                        Provision
                                                              Proportion                    percentage            Carrying                Proportion                         percentage        Carrying
                          Category                     Amount        (%)             Amount         (%)            amount     Amount            (%)            Amount               (%)        amount

                          Provision for bad debts on
                              group basis              4,058,608     100.00               281           0.01      4,058,327   4,198,276          100.00            6,946            0.17       4,191,330
                          Including:
                            Bank acceptance bills      3,273,277         80.65                                    3,273,277   3,169,750           75.50                                        3,169,750
                            Commercial acceptance
                               bills                    785,331          19.35            281           0.04       785,050    1,028,526           24.50            6,946            0.68       1,021,580

                          Total                        4,058,608             /            281                 /   4,058,327   4,198,276                /           6,946                   /   4,191,330
                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              217




                                                                                                   Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       3.   Bills Receivables (Continued)
            (3).   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)
                   Provision for bad debts on individual basis:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Provision for bad debts on group basis:
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Closing balance
                                                                                     Provision for               Provision
                    Name                                     Book balance               bad debts          percentage (%)

                    Commercial acceptance bills on
                      group basis                                     785,331                     281                0.04

                    Total                                             785,331                     281                0.04


                   Explanation on provision for bad debt on group basis

                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Provision for bad debt under general model of expected credit losses

                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Explanation on significant changes in the book balance of bills receivables for which loss
                   provisions have been changed during the period:

                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (4).   Provision for bad debts
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                        Changes for the period
                                              Opening                  Recovery or   Charge or            Other    Closing
                    Category                   balance   Provision        reversal    write-off         changes    balance

                    Provision for bad debts
                       on group basis            6,946       -6,665                                                   281

                    Total                        6,946       -6,665                                                   281


                   Of which, significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed for the period:

                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
218




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             3.   Bills Receivables (Continued)
                  (5).   Bills receivables actually written-off for the period
                         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                         Of which, significant bills receivables written-off:

                         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                         Explanation on written-off of bills receivables:

                         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                         Other explanation:

                         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

             4.   Trade Receivables
                  (1).   Disclosure by aging
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Closing book    Opening book
                          Aging                                                       balance          balance

                          Within 1 year (inclusive)                                75,615,396      64,152,007
                          Within 1 year                                            75,615,396      64,152,007
                          1 to 2 years                                             13,486,098      11,873,699
                          2 to 3 years                                              6,728,341       7,302,899
                          Over 3 years                                             10,619,975       8,780,517

                          Total                                                   106,449,810      92,109,122
                                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                               219




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       4.   Trade Receivables (Continued)
            (2).   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision for bad debts
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Closing balance                                                    Opening balance
                                                        Book balance              Provision for bad debts                  Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                              Provision                                                                Provision
                                                             Proportion                     percentage       Carrying               Proportion                       percentage     Carrying
                    Category                          Amount        (%)              Amount         (%)       amount      Amount          (%)           Amount              (%)     amount

                    Provision for bad debts on
                        group basis                106,449,810         100.00      7,365,403          6.92 99,084,407 92,109,122          100.00      6,871,817            7.46 85,237,305
                    Including:
                      Provision for bad debts on
                          group basis              106,449,810         100.00       7,365,403         6.92 99,084,407 92,109,122          100.00      6,871,817            7.46 85,237,305

                    Total                          106,449,810         100.00      7,365,403          6.92 99,084,407 92,109,122          100.00      6,871,817            7.46 85,237,305


                   Provision for bad debts on individual basis:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Provision for bad debts on group basis:
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                        Closing balance
                                                                                                                            Provision for                            Provision
                    Name                                                                        Book balance                   bad debts                       percentage (%)

                    Central enterprises                                                            35,483,980                        354,840                                        1.00
                    Local governments and other state-
                      owned enterprises                                                            33,503,413                      1,005,102                                        3.00
                    Private enterprises and others                                                 37,462,417                      6,005,461                                       16.03

                    Total                                                                         106,449,810                      7,365,403                                        6.92


                   Explanation on provision for bad debt on group basis:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Provision for bad debt under general model of expected credit losses
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Explanation on significant changes in the book balance of trade receivables for which loss
                   provisions have been changed during the period:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
220




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             4.   Trade Receivables (Continued)
                  (3).   Provision for bad debts
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Changes for the period
                                                       Opening                 Recovery or   Charge or      Other    Closing
                          Category                      balance    Provision      reversal    write-off   changes    balance

                          Provision for bad debts
                             on group basis          6,871,817     488,511                       7,330     12,405   7,365,403

                          Total                      6,871,817     488,511                       7,330     12,405   7,365,403


                         Of which, significant amounts of provision for bad debts recovered or reversed for the period:

                         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                  (4).   Trade receivables actually written-off for the period
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                          Item                                                                             Write-off amount

                          Trade receivables actually written-off                                                       7,330


                  (5).   Top five amount of trade receivables and contract assets
                         The top five closing balance of trade receivables and contract assets (including contract assets
                         reported in other non-current assets) totaled RMB12,590,620 thousand, accounting for 4.00%
                         of the total closing balance of trade receivables and contract assets (including contract assets
                         reported in other non-current assets). The corresponding provision for bad debts of trade
                         receivables and the provision for impairment of contract assets totaled RMB251,013 thousand.

                  (6).   Derecognition of trade receivables due to transfer of financial assets
                         As at 30 June 2025, the Company’s trade receivables derecognised as a result of transfer of
                         financial assets totaled RMB1,565,259 thousand.
                                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                              221




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       5.   Contract Assets
            (1).   Contract assets
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                        Closing balance                                                   Opening balance
                                                           Book                 Bad debt                  Carrying            Book                   Bad debt                  Carrying
                    Item                                 balance                provision                  amount           balance                  provision                 amount

                    Contract assets                   120,199,009               3,003,354                117,195,655     106,687,710              3,032,372                103,655,338

                    Total                             120,199,009               3,003,354                117,195,655     106,687,710              3,032,372                103,655,338


            (2).   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision for bad debts
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                             Closing balance                                                      Opening balance
                                                     Book balance              Provision for bad debts                    Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                            Provision                                                             Provision
                                                           Proportion                     percentage          Carrying           Proportion                     percentage         Carrying
                    Category                        Amount        (%)              Amount         (%)          amount     Amount       (%)               Amount        (%)         amount

                    Provision for bad debts on
                        group basis              120,199,009        100.00        3,003,354        2.50 117,195,655 106,687,710          100.00        3,032,372          2.84 103,655,338
                    Including:
                      Provision for
                          impairment on
                          group basis            120,199,009        100.00        3,003,354        2.50 117,195,655 106,687,710          100.00        3,032,372          2.84 103,655,338

                    Total                        120,199,009        100.00        3,003,354        2.50 117,195,655 106,687,710          100.00        3,032,372          2.84 103,655,338


                   Provision for bad debts on an individual basis:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Explanation on provision for bad debts on an individual basis:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
222




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             5.   Contract Assets (Continued)
                  (2).   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)
                         Provision for bad debts on group basis:
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Closing balance
                                                                                      Provision for            Provision
                          Name                                  Book balance             bad debts       percentage (%)

                          Low risk group                         120,199,009              3,003,354                  2.50

                          Total                                  120,199,009              3,003,354                  2.50


                         Other explanation:
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                         The contract assets are mainly generated from the construction and contracting business of
                         the Company. The Company provides engineering contracting and construction services in
                         accordance with the engineering construction contracts signed with customers, and recognizes
                         revenue during the contract period based on the performance progress. The Company’s
                         customers settle with the Company on the performance progress of engineering contracting
                         and construction service according to contracts, and pay the project costs according to the credit
                         period stipulated in the contracts after settlement. The excess of the revenue recognized by the
                         Company based on the performance progress over the settled costs is recognized as contract
                         assets, and the excess of the settled costs over the revenue recognized by the Company based
                         on the performance progress is recognized as contract liabilities.

             6.   Receivables Financing
                  (1).   Presentation of receivables financing by classification
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                          Item                                                       Closing balance     Opening balance

                          Bank acceptance bills                                            1,251,453           1,088,616

                          Total                                                            1,251,453           1,088,616
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     223




                                                                                         Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       7.   Prepayments
            (1).     Presentation of prepayments by aging
                     3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                       Closing balance                  Opening balance
                      Aging                          Amount Percentage (%)             Amount     Percentage (%)

                      Within 1 year                31,002,796             81.13     20,953,146              69.43
                      1 to 2 years                  3,457,335              9.05      5,465,373              18.11
                      2 to 3 years                  1,412,410              3.70      1,474,091               4.88
                      Over 3 years                  2,339,086              6.12      2,287,063               7.58

                      Total                        38,211,627            100.00     30,179,673             100.00


            (2).     Top five prepayments in closing balance by advances from customers
                     3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                     The top five prepayments in closing balance totaled RMB6,474,477 thousand, accounting for
                     16.90% of the total prepayments in closing balance.

       8.   Other Receivables
            Breakdown by item
            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
             Item                                                            Closing balance     Opening balance

             Dividend receivables                                                   237,500               152,175
             Other receivables                                                    32,048,870          32,105,604

             Total                                                                32,286,370          32,257,779


            Other explanation:

            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
224




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             8.   Other Receivables (Continued)
                  Dividend receivables
                  (1).  Dividend receivables
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                          Project (or investee)                                         Closing balance           Opening balance

                          Sinopharm Group Xi’an Bio-Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.
                             (國藥集團西安生物製藥有限公司)                                                    100,522                  100,522
                          Jinan Licheng Jiahong Industrial Investment Partnership
                             (Limited Partnership) (濟南市曆城區嘉弘產業投資合夥
                             企業(有限合夥))                                                            70,750
                          Yunnan Hexing Investment and Development Co., Ltd.
                            (雲南和興投資開發股份有限公司)                                                      18,039                   18,039
                          D&C Engineering Ltd. (D&C工程有限公司)                                        12,963
                          Guangxi Liuzhou Guiliu Hydropower Co., Ltd.
                            (廣西柳州市桂柳水電有限公司)                                                       10,312                   14,120
                          Others                                                                  24,914                   19,494

                          Total                                                                  237,500                  152,175


                  (2).   Significant dividend receivables with aging over one year
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                    Whether
                                                                                                                    impairment
                                                                                                                    occurred and
                                                               Closing                                              the basis for its
                          Project (or investee)                balance    Aging     Reasons for non-recovery        judgment

                          Sinopharm Group Xi’an Bio-           100,522    3 to 4    The time for payment as         No
                             Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.                      years     agreed in the contract is not
                             (國藥集團西安生物製藥有限公司)                                       yet due
                          Guangxi Liuzhou Guiliu Hydropower      10,312   4 to 5    The investee company
                            Co., Ltd.                                     years     shall paid according to the
                            (廣西柳州市桂柳水電有限公司)                                         funding scheme

                          Total                                110,834    /         /                               /
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       225




                                                                                            Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       8.   Other Receivables (Continued)
            Other receivables
            (1).  Disclosure by aging
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Closing book       Opening book
                    Aging                                                              balance             balance

                    Within 1 year (inclusive)                                       21,340,482          13,768,754
                    Including: Sub-items within 1 year
                    Within 1 year (inclusive)                                       21,340,482          13,768,754
                    1-2 years                                                        4,111,042           7,890,654
                    2-3 years                                                        3,615,265           6,519,036
                    Over 3 years                                                     6,342,633           7,228,356

                    Total                                                           35,409,422          35,406,800


            (2).   Classification by nature of amounts
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Closing book       Opening book
                    Nature of amount                                                   balance             balance

                    Pledge and security deposit                                     16,903,151          14,583,258
                    Other advances                                                  12,296,711          11,805,679
                    Borrowed funds                                                   2,966,347           5,412,588
                    Tax payable                                                        510,250             515,593
                    Others                                                           2,732,963           3,089,682

                    Total                                                           35,409,422          35,406,800
226




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             8.   Other Receivables (Continued)
                  Other receivables (Continued)
                  (3).  Provision for bad debts
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                           Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                 Stage I        Stage II     Stage III
                                                                ECL over   Lifetime ECL      Lifetime
                                                             the next 12     (non-credit   ECL (credit
                          Provision for bad debts                months        impaired)    impaired)          Total

                          Balance as at 1 January 2025        1,576,979                     1,724,217      3,301,196
                          Balance for the period as at
                            1 January 2025                             –              –             –
                            – Transfer to stage II
                            – Transfer to stage III
                            – Reverse to stage II
                            – Reverse to stage I
                          Provision made during the period        1,411                       109,395        110,806
                          Reversed during the period                                            4,904          4,904
                          Written off during the period                                        48,411         48,411
                          Other changes                                                         1,865          1,865

                          Balance as at 30 June 2025          1,578,390                     1,782,162      3,360,552


                  (4).   Top five other receivables in closing balance by debtors
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                         The top five other receivables in closing balance totaled RMB5,598,232 thousand, accounting
                         for 15.81% of the total closing balance of other receivables. The corresponding provision for
                         bad debts of other receivables totaled RMB39,072 thousand.
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED               2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                     227




                                                                                                       Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       9.   Inventories
            (1).   Classification of inventories
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                         Closing balance                              Opening balance
                                                      Provision for                                 Provision for
                                                         inventory                                      inventory
                                                      impairment/                                   impairment/
                                                       Impairment                                    Impairment
                                                          provision                                     provision
                                                       for contract                                  for contract
                                                Book performance             Carrying         Book performance            Carrying
                    Item                      balance          cost           amount        balance          cost         amount

                    Materials in transit       73,208                         73,208        66,878                         66,878
                    Raw materials            5,340,825         47,749       5,293,076    4,028,722          48,436       3,980,286
                    Product in progress      2,412,405         49,392       2,363,013    2,047,885          58,478       1,989,407
                    Development cost        50,591,057         10,925      50,580,132   43,761,606          10,925      43,750,681
                    Inventory products       6,526,682        104,647       6,422,035    4,693,339        104,782        4,588,557
                    Products under
                       development          18,323,202        201,438      18,121,764   20,466,119        209,249       20,256,870
                    Circulating materials     241,847            8,741       233,106       252,927           8,511        244,416

                    Total                   83,509,226        422,892      83,086,334   75,317,476         440,381      74,877,095


            (2).   Provision for inventory impairment and impairment provision for contract performance
                   cost
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                            Increase for the period     Decrease for the period
                                               Opening                                  Reversal or                      Closing
                    Item                        balance      Provision        Others      write-off        Others        balance

                    Raw materials               48,436                                         687                         47,749
                    Product in progress         58,478         19,493                      28,579                          49,392
                    Development cost            10,925                                                                     10,925
                    Inventory products         104,782          2,362                        2,497                       104,647
                    Products under
                      development              209,249                                       7,811                       201,438
                    Circulating materials        8,511            230                                                       8,741

                    Total                      440,381         22,085                      39,574                        422,892
228




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             9.    Inventories (Continued)
                   (2).     Provision for inventory impairment and impairment provision for contract performance
                            cost (Continued)
                            Reasons for reversal or write-off of provision for inventory impairment for the period
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                              Specific basis for            Reason for reversal of         Reason for write-off of
                                              determination of the          provision for inventory        provision for inventory
                             Item             net realizable value          impairment                     impairment

                             Raw materials    The net realizable value      Increase in the net            During the current
                                                is determined based            realizable value of           period, inventories
                             Product in
                                                on the estimated               inventories with              with provision for
                               progress
                                                selling price of relevant      provision for inventory       impairment were
                             Development        products less estimated        impairment for prior          consumed/sold
                               cost             costs to be incurred for       periods
                                                completion, estimated
                             Inventory          sales expenses and
                                products        relevant taxes
                             Products under
                               development
                             Circulating
                               materials


                   (3).     Explanation on inclusion of capitalized amount of the borrowing costs in the closing
                            balance of inventories and the criteria and basis for its calculation
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                            As of 30 June 2025, the amount of capitalized borrowing costs included in the closing balance
                            of inventories of the Company was RMB6,206,027 thousand.

             10.   Non-current Assets Due Within One Year
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                    Item                                                                    Closing balance         Opening balance

                    Long-term receivables due within one year                                      3,067,961               6,307,613
                    Other non-current assets due within one year                                     874,161                 862,749

                    Total                                                                          3,942,122               7,170,362


                   Debt investments due within one year
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Other debt investments due within one year
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED          2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                229




                                                                                                     Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       11.   Other Current Assets
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

              VAT to be deducted                                                           17,544,392              14,702,756
              Prepaid taxes                                                                 2,463,276               2,237,440
              Others                                                                        3,691,296                123,759

              Total                                                                        23,698,964              17,063,955


       12.   Long-term Receivables
             (1).     Long-term receivables
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                          Closing balance                        Opening balance
                                                              Provision                               Provision
                                                    Book        for bad     Carrying         Book      for bad       Carrying
                       Item                       balance         debts      amount        balance       debts       amount

                       Installment receipts
                          for the provision of
                          labor service          30,285,730    656,840    29,628,890    28,448,836       616,924   27,831,912
                       Others                     576,612                   576,612       578,144                    578,144

                       Total                     30,862,342    656,840    30,205,502    29,026,980       616,924   28,410,056
230




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             12.   Long-term Receivables (Continued)
                   (2).   Disclosure by classification with the method of provision for bad debts
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                      Closing balance                                                        Opening balance
                                                               Book balance              Provision for bad debts                      Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                    Provision                                                                    Provision
                                                                    Proportion                    percentage            Carrying               Proportion                      percentage       Carrying
                           Category                          Amount        (%)             Amount         (%)            amount     Amount           (%)          Amount              (%)       amount

                           Provision for bad debts on an
                               individual basi               485,700           1.57        194,464         40.04        291,236     485,700           1.67        194,464           40.04       291,236
                           Provision for bad debts on
                               group basis                 30,376,642         98.43        462,376           1.52 29,914,266 28,541,280              98.33        422,460             1.48 28,118,820

                           Total                           30,862,342             /        656,840                 / 30,205,502 29,026,980               /        616,924                  / 28,410,056


                          Provision for bad debts on group basis:
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                   Closing balance
                                                                                                                                       Provision for                            Provision
                           Name                                                                      Book balance                         bad debts                       percentage (%)

                           Project receivables on group basis                                            30,376,642                             462,376                                        1.52

                           Total                                                                         30,376,642                             462,376                                        1.52
                                                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        231




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       13.   Long-term Equity Investment
             (1).   Long-term equity investment
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                         Changes for the period

                                                                                                          Investment
                                                Opening          Opening                                 gains/losses   Adjustment                  Declared and                             Closing          Closing
                                                  balance      balance of                                 recognized      for other                    paid cash                             balance      balance of
                                                (carrying   provisions for    Increase in Decrease in   under equity comprehensive       Change in dividends or Provisions for             (carrying   provisions for
                     Investee                    amount)      impairment     investment investment           method         income     other equity       profits impairment      Others    amount)      impairment

                     I. Joint ventures

                     Wuhan Gezhouba Longhu
                      Property Development
                      Co., Ltd. (武漢葛洲
                      壩龍湖房地產開發有
                      限公司)                      2,496,535                                                    -7,814                                                                        2,488,721

                     China Coal
                      Fangchenggang Electric
                      Power Co., Ltd. (中煤防
                      城港電力有限公司)                 1,747,214                                                    18,311                                                                        1,765,525

                     Nanjing Gezhouba
                      Urban Underground
                      Space Comprehensive
                      Construction
                      Development Co., Ltd.
                      (南京葛洲壩城市地下
                      空間綜合建設開發有
                      限公司)                      1,484,248                        52,780                                                                                                    1,537,028

                     Guangzhou Zhenglin Real
                      Estate Development
                      Co., Ltd. (廣州市正林房
                      地產開發有限公司)                 1,200,102                                                      103                                                                         1,200,205

                     Guangzhou Rumao Real
                      Estate Development
                      Co., Ltd. (廣州市如茂房
                      地產開發有限公司)                  854,796                                                       382                                                                          855,178

                     Urumqi Gezhouba Electric
                      Construction Road &
                      Bridge Ring Expressway
                      Co., Ltd. (烏魯木齊葛洲
                      壩電建路橋繞城高速公
                      路有限公司)                     823,181                                                                                                                                    823,181

                     Nansha International
                      Financial Island
                      (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
                      (南沙國際金融島(廣州)
                      有限公司)                      645,088                                                                                                                                    645,088
232




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             13.   Long-term Equity Investment (Continued)
                   (1).   Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                                Changes for the period

                                                                                                                 Investment
                                                       Opening          Opening                                 gains/losses   Adjustment                  Declared and                             Closing          Closing
                                                         balance      balance of                                 recognized      for other                    paid cash                             balance      balance of
                                                       (carrying   provisions for    Increase in Decrease in   under equity comprehensive       Change in dividends or Provisions for             (carrying   provisions for
                           Investee                     amount)      impairment     investment investment           method         income     other equity       profits impairment     Others     amount)      impairment

                           Yunnan Gezhouba
                            Xuanyang Expressway
                            Development Co., Ltd.
                            (雲南葛洲壩宣楊高速公
                            路開發有限公司)                    315,703                                                    -51,020                                                                         264,683

                           Guangxi Qinzhou
                            Gezhouba Transit
                            Expressway Co., Ltd. (廣
                            西欽州葛洲壩過境高速
                            公路有限公司)                     577,328                                                                                                                                    577,328

                           China Energy Engineering
                            (Fengyang) Construction
                            Investment Co., Ltd.
                            (中能建(鳳陽)建設投資
                            有限公司)                       213,684                                                       -797                                                                         212,887

                           Lingbao Public Urban
                             Road Network
                             Construction and
                             Development Co., Ltd.
                             (靈寶市公共城市道路路
                             網建設發展有限公司)                 131,783                                                                                                                                    131,783

                           China Energy Engineering
                            (Jieshou) Investment
                            Construction Co., Ltd.
                            (中能建(界首)投資建設
                            有限公司)                       240,676                                                                                                                                    240,676

                           Others                       905,118              544       120,639        10,500        12,252                                                                        1,027,509             544

                           Subtotal                   11,635,456             544       173,419        10,500       -28,583                                                                       11,769,792             544
                                                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         233




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       13.   Long-term Equity Investment (Continued)
             (1).   Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                          Changes for the period

                                                                                                           Investment
                                                 Opening          Opening                                 gains/losses   Adjustment                  Declared and                             Closing          Closing
                                                   balance      balance of                                 recognized      for other                    paid cash                             balance      balance of
                                                 (carrying   provisions for    Increase in Decrease in   under equity comprehensive       Change in dividends or Provisions for             (carrying   provisions for
                     Investee                     amount)      impairment     investment investment           method         income     other equity       profits impairment      Others    amount)      impairment

                     II. Associates

                     Hua Ge Neng Rong
                      (Shenzhen) Expressway
                      Investment Partnership
                      (Limited Partnership)
                      (華葛能融(深圳)高速
                      公路投資合夥企業(有
                      限合夥))                      3,126,832                                                                                                                                  3,126,832

                     Guangxi Gezhouba Tianxi
                      Expressway Co., Ltd. (廣
                      西葛洲壩田西高速公路
                      有限公司)                      2,525,517                                                    82,489                                                                        2,608,006

                     Shaanxi Gezhouba
                       Yanhuang Ningshi
                       Expressway Co., Ltd.
                       (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高
                       速公路有限公司)                  1,897,468                                                  -108,682                                                                        1,788,786

                     Guangde Railway
                      Construction Daqin
                      Investment Partnership
                      (Limited Partnership) (廣
                      德鐵建大秦投資合夥企
                      業(有限合夥))                   1,533,000                                                                                                                                  1,533,000

                     Xinjiang Gezhouba
                       Dashixia Water
                       Conservancy Hub
                       Development Co., Ltd.
                       (新疆葛洲壩大石峽水利
                       樞紐開發有限公司)                 1,510,595                        58,886                                                                                                    1,569,481

                     Hubei Huangshi
                      Wuyang Expressway
                      Development Co., Ltd.
                      (湖北黃石武陽高速公路
                      發展有限公司)                    1,188,050                        39,150                        253                                                                         1,227,453

                     Guangxi Hengqin
                      Expressway Co., Ltd.
                      (廣西橫欽高速公路有
                      限公司)                       1,722,840                                                                                                                                  1,722,840

                     Beijing Runneng Real
                       Estate Co., Ltd. (北京潤
                       能置業有限公司)                  1,407,140                                                   -20,179                                                                        1,386,961
234




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             13.   Long-term Equity Investment (Continued)
                   (1).   Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                               Changes for the period

                                                                                                                Investment
                                                      Opening          Opening                                 gains/losses   Adjustment                  Declared and                            Closing          Closing
                                                        balance      balance of                                 recognized      for other                    paid cash                            balance      balance of
                                                      (carrying   provisions for    Increase in Decrease in   under equity comprehensive       Change in dividends or Provisions for            (carrying   provisions for
                           Investee                    amount)      impairment     investment investment           method         income     other equity       profits impairment     Others    amount)      impairment

                           Guangdong Gezhouba
                            Zhaoming Expressway
                            Co., Ltd. (廣東葛洲壩肇
                            明高速公路有限公司)                1,127,360                        45,260                                                                                                   1,172,620

                           Guizhou China Energy
                            Construction Nahe
                            Expressway Co., Ltd. (貴
                            州中能建納赫高速公路
                            有限公司)                      884,363                                                                                                                                   884,363

                           Huyu Infrastructure
                            Development and
                            Construction Investment
                            (Wuhan) Center (Limited
                            Partnership) (瀘禹基礎
                            設施開發建設投資(武
                            漢)中心(有限合夥))                851,300                                                                                                                                   851,300

                           Guizhou Liu’an
                            Expressway Co., Ltd. (
                            貴州省六安高速公路
                            有限公司)                     1,095,815                        67,784                                                                                                   1,163,599

                           Guizhou Naqing
                            Expressway Co., Ltd. (
                            貴州納晴高速公路有
                            限公司)                      1,143,172                        25,449                                                                                                   1,168,621

                           Wuhan China Resources
                            Land Gezhouba Real
                            Estate Co., Ltd. (武漢
                            華潤置地葛洲壩置業
                            有限公司)                      417,654                                                    -16,324                                                                        401,330

                           Gezhouba (Tangshan)
                            Fengnan Investment
                            and Construction Co.,
                            Ltd. (葛洲壩(唐山)豐南
                            投資建設有限公司)                  683,376                         20,088                                                                                                    703,464

                           Baihe No.6 (Shenzhen)
                             Investment Partnership
                             Enterprise (Limited
                             Partnership) (百和六號
                             (深圳)投資合夥企業(有
                             限合夥))                     909,446                        256,499                                                                                                   1,165,945
                                                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                                        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        235




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       13.   Long-term Equity Investment (Continued)
             (1).   Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Changes for the period

                                                                                                          Investment
                                                Opening          Opening                                 gains/losses   Adjustment                  Declared and                             Closing          Closing
                                                  balance      balance of                                 recognized      for other                    paid cash                             balance      balance of
                                                (carrying   provisions for    Increase in Decrease in   under equity comprehensive       Change in dividends or Provisions for             (carrying   provisions for
                     Investee                    amount)      impairment     investment investment           method         income     other equity       profits impairment      Others    amount)      impairment

                     Hunan Xinxin
                      Zhangguan Expressway
                      Construction and
                      Development Co., Ltd. (
                      湖南省新新張官高速公
                      路建設開發有限公司)                 964,176                        389,716                                                                                                    1,353,892

                     Hangzhou Longyu
                      Investment
                      Management Co., Ltd.
                      (杭州龍譽投資管理有
                      限公司)                       598,425                                                       -254                                                                         598,171

                     Yan’an Gezhouba
                      Shanjian East Ring
                      Expressway Co., Ltd. (延
                      安葛洲壩陝建東繞城高
                      速公路有限公司)                   645,921                        110,378                                                                                                     756,299

                     Xinjiang Gezhouba
                       Qiaobate Water
                       Conservancy Project
                       Development Co., Ltd.
                       (新疆葛洲壩喬巴特
                       水利樞紐工程開發有
                       限公司)                      563,213                                                                                                                                    563,213

                     Xinjiang Haoyuan Water
                       Supply Co., Ltd. (新疆浩
                       源供水有限公司)                  770,000                         30,000                                                                                                     800,000

                     Shandong Gezhouba
                       Zaohe Expressway Co.,
                       Ltd. (山東葛洲壩棗菏高
                       速公路有限公司)                  249,152                                                   -103,056                                                                         146,096

                     Shandong Gezhouba
                       Yunjuan Expressway
                       Co., Ltd. (山東葛洲壩鄆
                       鄄高速公路有限公司)                477,850                         50,469                                                                                                     528,319

                     Chongqing Gezhouba
                      Sunac Jinyu Real Estate
                      Co., Ltd. (重慶葛洲壩融
                      創金裕置業有限公司)                 405,476                                                      1,076                                                                         406,552
236




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             13.   Long-term Equity Investment (Continued)
                   (1).   Long-term equity investment (Continued)

                                                                                                                                 Changes for the period

                                                                                                                  Investment
                                                        Opening          Opening                                 gains/losses   Adjustment                  Declared and                             Closing          Closing
                                                          balance      balance of                                 recognized      for other                    paid cash                             balance      balance of
                                                        (carrying   provisions for    Increase in Decrease in   under equity comprehensive       Change in dividends or Provisions for             (carrying   provisions for
                           Investee                      amount)      impairment     investment investment           method         income     other equity       profits impairment     Others     amount)      impairment

                           Shandong Gezhouba Jitai
                             Expressway Co., Ltd. (山
                             東葛洲壩濟泰高速公路
                             有限公司)                       182,574                                                    -91,649                                                                          90,925

                           Zhongge (Luohe)
                             Construction
                             Engineering Co., Ltd. (
                             中葛(漯河)建設工程
                             有限公司)                       412,400                         30,000                                                                                                     442,400

                           Gezhouba Huaihe
                            Development Co., Ltd.
                            (葛洲壩淮河發展有
                            限公司)                         371,900                                                                                                                                    371,900

                           Guangxi Quanguan
                            Expressway Co., Ltd. (
                            廣西全灌高速公路有
                            限公司)                         648,830                                                                                                                                    648,830

                           Others                      12,821,347          56,498     1,870,262        18,264       -43,420                                       49,541         8,610            14,571,774          65,108

                           Subtotal                    41,135,192          56,498     2,993,941        18,264      -299,746                                       49,541         8,610            43,752,972          65,108

                           Total                       52,770,648          57,042     3,167,360        28,764      -328,329                                       49,541         8,610            55,522,764          65,652
                                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                237




                                                                                                                           Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       14.   Other Equity Instrument Investment
             (1).   Other equity instrument investment
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Changes for the period
                                                                                           Gains included                           Dividend Accumulated
                                                                                                  in other                            income gains included
                                                                                           comprehensive                          recognized         in other
                                                   Opening       Increase in   Decrease in income in the               Closing          in the comprehensive
                     Item                           amount      investment     investment           period   Others    balance         period         income

                     Equity investment in listed
                        companies:
                     Xinjiang Xuefeng Technology
                         (Group) Co. Ltd. (新疆
                         雪峰科技(集團)股份有
                         限公司)                       173,800                                         -6,200             167,600         4,000         102,600
                     Shenergy Company Limited (
                        申能股份有限公司)                    56,014                                         -3,143              52,871                        43,568
                     Giti Tire Corporation (佳通輪
                          胎股份有限公司)                   36,053                                                             36,053                        31,539
                     Wushang Group Co., Ltd. (武
                       商集團股份有限公司)                    10,340                                         -1,779               8,561                         7,880
                     Guangxi Guiguan Electric
                        Power Co., Ltd. (廣西桂
                        冠電力股份有限公司)                    2,973                                            -70               2,903                         2,499
                     Beijing Jingneng Power Co.,
                          Ltd. (北京京能電力股份
                          有限公司)                       2,328                                                              2,328                         1,891
                     Equity investment in non-
                        listed companies:
                     D&C Engineering Ltd. (D&C
                       工程有限公司)                      209,341                                                            209,341        31,276         205,067
                     China Power New Energy
                        Limited (中國電力新能源
                        有限公司)                       198,305                                                            198,305                         -1,695
                     Changji Green Energy New
                        Energy Co., Ltd. (昌吉綠
                        能新能源有限公司)                   107,000                                                            107,000
                     Others                        1,770,619         38,347           421            1,125            1,809,670       10,238         194,707

                     Total                         2,566,773         38,347           421          -10,067            2,594,632       45,514         588,056
238




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             14.   Other Equity Instrument Investment (Continued)
                   (2).     Explanation on derecognition in the period
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                  Cumulative gains      Cumulative losses
                                                                      transferred to        transferred to
                                                                  retained earnings     retained earnings
                                                                       as a result of        as a result of      Reasons for
                             Item                                     derecognition         derecognition      derecognition

                             Cinda Financial Leasing Co.,
                               Ltd. (信達金融租賃股份有
                               限公司)                                              421                -3,793    Disposal

                             Total                                               421                -3,793     /


                            Other explanation:

                            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

             15.   Other Non-current Financial Assets
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                    Item                                                                   Closing balance    Opening balance

                    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        13,976,078        12,998,218
                    Including: Equity instrument investment                                       6,475,089         6,629,960
                    Funds and other non-equity investment                                         7,500,989         6,368,258

                    Total                                                                        13,976,078        12,998,218
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        239




                                                                                             Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       16.   Investment Properties
             (1).   Breakdown
                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                   Buildings and         Land use
                    Item                                               structures           rights            Total

                    I.     Original carrying amount
                           1. Opening balance                          1,366,880          192,377         1,559,257
                           2. Increase for the period                    214,882            1,208           216,090
                             (1) Purchase                                  3,508                              3,508
                             (2) Transferred from fixed assets
                             (3) Others                                  211,374            1,208           212,582
                           3. Decrease for the period
                             (1) Disposal
                             (2) Transferred to fixed assets
                             (3) Others
                           4. Closing balance                          1,581,762          193,585         1,775,347

                    II.    Accumulated depreciation and
                             accumulated amortization
                           1. Opening balance                            600,241           48,484           648,725
                           2. Increase for the period                     25,577            2,180            27,757
                             (1) Provision or amortization                25,577            2,180            27,757
                             (2) Transferred from fixed assets
                           3. Decrease for the period
                             (1) Disposal
                             (2) Transferred to fixed assets
                             (3) Other transfer out
                           4. Closing balance                            625,818           50,664           676,482

                    III.   Provision for impairment
                           1. Opening balance                             10,160            5,292            15,452
                           2. Increase for the period
                           3. Decrease for the period
                           4. Closing balance                             10,160            5,292            15,452
                    IV. Carrying amount
                           1. Closing carrying amount                    945,784          137,629         1,083,413
                           2. Opening carrying amount                    756,479          138,601           895,080
240




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             16.   Investment Properties (Continued)
                   (2).     Investment properties for which title certificates have not been obtained:
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                             Item                        Carrying amount   Reasons for not obtaining title certificate

                             Buildings and structures                32    In processing

                             Subtotal                                32


                   (3).     Impairment test of investment properties adopting cost measurement model
                            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                            Other explanation

                            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

             17.   Fixed Assets
                   Breakdown by item
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                              Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                    Item                                                           Closing balance         Opening balance

                    Fixed assets                                                           81,628,832           73,908,630
                    Disposal of fixed assets                                                  56,793                 25,457

                    Total                                                                  81,685,625           73,934,087
                                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                       241




                                                                                                                       Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       17.   Fixed Assets (Continued)
             Fixed Assets
             (1). Fixed assets
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                       Buildings   Machinery                                    Office
                                                                             and         and Transportation    Electronic   equipment
                    Item                                              structures   equipment          tools   equipment     and others         Total

                    I. Original carrying amount:
                       1. Opening balance                             34,795,635   63,576,362     3,659,827    2,615,168     3,646,730   108,293,722
                       2. Increase for the period                      5,279,192    5,360,242       187,840       74,579        96,963    10,998,816
                           (1) Purchase                                 729,354      590,205         98,924       55,806        81,813     1,556,102
                           (2) Transferred from construction in
                                  progress                             4,273,175    4,686,890        80,003       17,527         8,768     9,066,363
                           (3) Transferred from acquisition of
                                  subsidiaries                          276,663       83,147          8,913        1,246         6,382      376,351
                       3. Decrease for the period                       249,332      448,809        221,585       35,269        33,608      988,603
                           (1) Disposal or retirement                   226,074      409,351        107,637       33,840        30,430      807,332
                           (2) Others                                    23,258       39,458        113,948        1,429         3,178      181,271
                       4. Closing balance                             39,825,495   68,487,795     3,626,082    2,654,478     3,710,085   118,303,935

                    II. Accumulated depreciation
                       1. Opening balance                             10,509,834   18,172,646     2,288,148    1,550,496     1,779,688    34,300,812
                       2. Increase for the period                       707,319     1,752,667       136,035       91,090      160,382      2,847,493
                           (1) Provision                                641,735     1,693,339       130,932       90,228      155,036      2,711,270
                           (2) Transferred from acquisition of
                                  subsidiaries                           65,584       59,328          5,103          862         5,346      136,223
                       3. Decrease for the period                        79,335      316,819        104,916       31,417        24,856      557,343
                           (1) Disposal or retirement                    78,852      297,572         95,757       31,286        24,260      527,727
                           (2) Others                                       483       19,247          9,159          131          596        29,616
                       4. Closing balance                             11,137,818   19,608,494     2,319,267    1,610,169     1,915,214    36,590,962

                    III. Provision for impairment
                       1. Opening balance                                26,181       55,984           962            31         1,122       84,280
                       2. Increase for the period                                        257                                                    257
                       3. Decrease for the period                                         18           343            31            4           396
                       4. Closing balance                                26,181       56,223           619                       1,118       84,141

                    IV. Carrying amount
                       1. Carrying amount at the end of the
                            period                                    28,661,496   48,823,078     1,306,196    1,044,309     1,793,753    81,628,832
                       2. Carrying amount at the beginning
                            of the period                             24,259,620   45,347,732     1,370,717    1,064,641     1,865,920    73,908,630
242




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             17.   Fixed Assets (Continued)
                   Fixed Assets (Continued)
                   (2). Fixed assets leased out through operating leases
                         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                      Carrying amount
                                                                                                      at the end of the
                           Item                                                                                 period

                           Buildings and structures                                                              85,348
                           Machinery and equipment                                                                4,652

                           Subtotal                                                                              90,000


                   (3).   Fix assets for which title certificates have not been obtained
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                          Carrying amount   Reason for not obtaining the title certificate

                           Buildings and structures              414,221   In processing

                           Subtotal                              414,221


                   (4).   Disposal of fixed assets
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                                                    Closing balance     Opening balance

                           Buildings and structures                                            153                  153
                           Machinery and equipment                                          56,458               24,372
                           Transportation tools                                                 86                  340
                           Electronic equipment                                                 10                   60
                           Office equipment and others                                          86                  532

                           Total                                                            56,793               25,457
                                                        CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                 2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                               243




                                                                                                             Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress
             Breakdown by item
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                                           Closing balance            Opening balance

              Construction in progress                                                               44,291,592              37,212,276
              Construction materials                                                                         64                          64

              Total                                                                                  44,291,656              37,212,340


             Construction in progress
             (1). Construction in progress
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                       Closing balance                            Opening balance
                                                               Book     Impairment       Carrying         Book Impairment           Carrying
                      Item                                   balance      provision       amount        balance  provision          amount

                      Xinjiang Turpan Shanshan 1GW
                         Solar Thermal + Photovoltaic
                         Integrated Project of CEEC
                         Zhejiang Thermal Power (中國
                         能建浙江火電新疆吐魯番鄯善
                         1GW光熱+光伏一體化項目)                    3,589,083                     3,589,083    3,102,036                 3,102,036
                      Green Hydro-aminol Integrated
                        Project (綠色氫氨醇一體化項目)               2,830,136                     2,830,136    1,629,248                 1,629,248
                      Guizhou Liupanshui City Multi-
                        energy Complementary Energy
                        Base Dawan 2X660MW Low
                        Heating Value (CFB) Coal Power
                        Project (貴州六盤水市多能互補
                        能源基地大灣2X660MW低熱值
                        (CFB)煤電項目)                         2,319,597                     2,319,597    1,458,661                 1,458,661
                      Shahe 500MW Photovoltaic Project
                        (沙河市500MW光伏項目)                     1,849,084                     1,849,084    1,439,287                 1,439,287
                      Hubei Yingcheng 300MW
                        Compressed Air Energy Storage
                        Power Project (湖北應城300MW
                        級壓縮空氣儲能項目)                         1,662,325                     1,662,325    1,589,823                 1,589,823
                      Langjia Photovoltaic Power
                        Generation Project (浪戛光伏發
                        電項目)                               1,609,152                     1,609,152    1,483,825                 1,483,825
                      China Energy Construction
                        Investment Urumqi 500,000 kW
                        Wind Power Project (中能建投烏
                        魯木齊50萬千瓦風電項目)                      1,167,684                     1,167,684     133,014                      133,014
244




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
                   Construction in progress (Continued)
                   (1). Construction in progress (Continued)

                                                                           Closing balance                         Opening balance
                                                                  Book      Impairment       Carrying      Book Impairment           Carrying
                          Item                                  balance       provision       amount     balance  provision          amount

                          China Energy Construction
                            Investment Shapotou District
                            Pastoral-Photovoltaic-Storage
                            Integration (Phase I) Project (中
                            能建投沙坡頭區牧光儲一體化
                            (一期)項目)                            1,056,519                     1,056,519   176,073                     176,073
                          Grand Canal Green and Low-
                            carbon Science and Innovation
                            Industrial Park (大運河綠色低碳
                            科創產業園)                              979,568                       979,568    644,769                     644,769
                          Baiyu Photovoltaic Power
                             Generation Project (白玉光伏發
                             電項目)                               940,252                       940,252    834,368                     834,368
                          Liaoning Benxi Taizihe Pumped
                             Storage Power Station Project
                             (遼寧本溪太子河抽水蓄能電
                             站項目)                               909,717                       909,717    622,077                     622,077
                          Huai’an New Energy 200MW Wind
                            Power Project (懷安新能源
                            200MW風電項目)                          872,851                       872,851    588,261                     588,261
                          Gansu Jiuquan 300MW
                            Compressed Air Energy Storage
                            Demonstration Project (甘肅酒泉
                            300MW壓縮空氣儲能示範工程)                    870,486                       870,486    497,221                     497,221
                          Shengsi County CPECG Common
                            Prosperity Integrated Project
                            (嵊泗縣中電工程共同富裕一體
                            化項目)                                862,766                       862,766    133,205                     133,205
                          Zhangye 200MW Wind Power
                            Project (張掖200MW風電項目)               793,302                       793,302    512,438                     512,438
                          Minjiang Pengshan Jianzishan
                            Avionic Hub Project (岷江彭山尖
                            子山航電樞紐工程)                           749,593                       749,593    727,481                     727,481
                          Shandong Tai’an 350MW
                            Compressed Air Energy Storage
                            Innovation Demonstration
                            Project (山東泰安350MW壓縮空
                            氣儲能創新示範項目)                          711,629                       711,629    349,272                     349,272
                          Yulin China Energy Construction
                            Juhuang New Energy Co., Ltd.
                            (榆林中能建巨皇新能源有限
                            公司)                                 702,732                       702,732    587,468                     587,468
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                         245




                                                                                                        Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (1). Construction in progress (Continued)

                                                                     Closing balance                        Opening balance
                                                             Book     Impairment       Carrying     Book Impairment           Carrying
                    Item                                   balance      provision       amount    balance  provision          amount

                    Shanxi Yuanqu Phase II Pumped
                      Storage Project (山西垣曲二期抽
                      水蓄能項目)                               669,826                     669,826    553,669                     553,669
                    Hami “Photovoltaic (Heat) Storage”
                      Multi-energy Complementary
                      Integrated Green Power
                      Demonstration Project (哈密
                      「光(熱)儲」多能互補一體化綠
                      電示範項目)                               690,253                     690,253    456,601                     456,601
                    Aihui 200MW Phase I Wind Power
                       Project and Sino-Russian Cultural
                       and Sports Industrial Base
                       Project (愛輝200MW一期風電項
                       目和中俄文體產業基地項目)                       683,705                     683,705    502,988                     502,988
                    Jianjiatou and Yunzhichong
                       Construction Granite Mine
                       Project (簡架頭、雲致沖建築用
                       花崗岩礦項目)                             650,373                     650,373    285,366                     285,366
                    Badong County Tanjialiangzi
                      Construction Stone Limestone
                      Mining and Processing Project
                      (巴東縣譚家梁子建築石料用灰
                      岩礦開採及加工項目)                           542,234                     542,234    329,973                     329,973
                    Weichang Beiliang 100,000kW
                     Wind Storage Integrated Power
                     Generation Project (圍場北梁10
                     萬千瓦風儲一體化發電項目)                         489,699                     489,699    347,475                     347,475
                    Gezhouba (Taoyuan) Mining Co.,
                      Ltd. (葛洲壩(桃源)礦業有限公司)                 438,615                     438,615    201,708                     201,708
                    CEEC Zhaodong 300MW Phase I
                      Wind Power Project (中國能建肇
                      東300MW一期風電項目)                        393,287                     393,287     45,472                      45,472
                    Sishui Town 105MW/420MWh
                       Independent Shared Energy
                       Storage Project (Phase I)
                       of Wuwei Smart Green
                       Energy (武威智慧綠能泗水鎮
                       105MW/420MWh獨立共享儲能
                       項目(一期))                             354,582                     354,582    346,397                     346,397
                    Jiangyong County Shanjingwan
                       (Heyuan) Wind Farm Project (江
                       永縣山井灣(河源)風電場項目)                     354,298                     354,298    203,867                     203,867
246




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
                   Construction in progress (Continued)
                   (1). Construction in progress (Continued)
                                                                        Closing balance                        Opening balance
                                                                Book     Impairment       Carrying     Book Impairment           Carrying
                          Item                                balance      provision       amount    balance  provision          amount

                          Huaiji Photovoltaic Project (懷集光
                            伏項目)                              338,969                     338,969    309,279                     309,279
                          50-V00012W Suoshan Photovoltaic
                            Power Generation Project
                            (50-V00012W梭山光伏發電
                            項目)                               324,176                     324,176     66,788                      66,788
                          China Energy Construction
                            Investment Long County
                            100,000 kW Photovoltaic Power
                            Generation Project (中能建投隴
                            縣10萬千瓦光伏發電項目)                     314,150                     314,150     40,826                      40,826
                          Caowei Wind Power EPC Project
                            (草尾風電EPC總承包項目)                    309,582                     309,582    129,018                     129,018
                          Chongming District Zhongxing
                            Town Fishery-Solar
                            Complementary Project (崇明區
                            中興鎮漁光互補項目)                        308,575                     308,575    279,251                     279,251
                          Gezhouba Baiyin Pingchuan
                            Pumped Storage Project (葛洲壩
                            白銀平川抽水蓄能項目)                       305,905                     305,905    266,573                     266,573
                          Ding’an County Longhe Town
                             Daling Construction Granite
                             Mine Project (定安縣龍河鎮大嶺
                             建築用花崗岩礦項目)                       297,069                     297,069    286,543                     286,543
                          Zhangye Big Data Industry Park
                            Phase I Project (張掖大數據產業
                            園一期項目)                            293,535                     293,535    287,997                     287,997
                          Gaozhou City Tantou Town
                            150MW Fishery-Solar
                            Complementary Photovoltaic
                            Power Generation Project (Phase
                            I) (高州市潭頭鎮150MW漁光互
                            補光伏發電項目(一期))                      290,795                     290,795    268,680                     268,680
                          Chizhou Dunshang Fishery-Solar
                            Complementary Photovoltaic
                            Power Generation Project (池州
                            墩上漁光互補光伏發電項目)                     274,689                     274,689    184,678                     184,678
                          Xinzhou City 70MW Photovoltaic
                             Power Generation Project (忻州
                             市70MW光伏發電項目)                     262,505                     262,505     19,346                      19,346
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED             2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                       247




                                                                                                      Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (1). Construction in progress (Continued)
                                                                   Closing balance                        Opening balance
                                                           Book     Impairment       Carrying     Book Impairment           Carrying
                    Item                                 balance      provision       amount    balance  provision          amount

                    Dongle Beitan 100,000kW
                      Photovoltaic Project (東樂北灘10
                      萬千瓦光伏項目)                           247,451                     247,451    219,519                     219,519
                    Xia County 100MWP Energy
                       Storage Photovoltaic Power
                       Generation Project (夏縣
                       100MWP儲能光伏發電項目)                   243,448                     243,448     94,057                      94,057
                    Ningming Nanan Wind Farm (寧明
                       那楠風電場)                            243,445                     243,445    218,870                     218,870
                    China Energy Construction
                      Investment Luonan 90MW
                      Photovoltaic Power Generation
                      Project (中能建投洛南90MW光
                      伏發電項目)                             241,239                     241,239    140,343                     140,343
                    Dali Heqing Songjia 80MW
                      Photovoltaic Power Generation
                      Project (大理鶴慶松桂80MW光
                      伏發電項目)                             234,595                     234,595     24,865                      24,865
                    Xingning Yonghe 100MW
                       Agricultural-photovoltaic
                       Complementary Project (興寧市
                       永和100MW農光互補項目)                    224,581                     224,581    220,902                     220,902
                    Gezhouba Water Affairs Dazhou
                      High-tech Zone Phase II Sewage
                      Treatment Plant Construction
                      Project (葛洲壩水務達州高新區
                      二期污水廠建設項目)                         219,908                     219,908    212,375                     212,375
                    Pakistan Azad Patan Hydropower
                      Project (巴基斯坦阿扎德帕坦水
                      電項目)                               215,244                     215,244    216,111                     216,111
                    Tumushuke City Source-Grid-Load-
                      Storage Integration Project (圖木
                      舒克市源網荷儲一體化項目)                      214,989                     214,989    250,165                     250,165
                    Zhongnan Power Shenzhou City
                      Bingcao 100MW High-Efficiency
                      Agricultural-Photovoltaic
                      Complementary Photovoltaic
                      Power Generation Project (中南
                      電力深州市兵曹100MW高效農
                      光互補光伏發電項目)                         252,716                     252,716    189,657                     189,657
248




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
                   Construction in progress (Continued)
                   (1). Construction in progress (Continued)

                                                                       Closing balance                          Opening balance
                                                              Book      Impairment       Carrying       Book Impairment           Carrying
                          Item                              balance       provision       amount      balance  provision          amount

                          49MW Distributed Wind
                            Power Generation Project of
                            Huangyuan Huahanhai New
                            Energy Co., Ltd. (湟源華瀚海新
                            能源有限責任公司49兆瓦分散式
                            風力發電項目)                         200,314                       200,314     196,287                     196,287
                          Others                           8,756,644         66,280      8,690,364 13,372,275        64,172 13,308,103

                          Total                           44,357,872         66,280 44,291,592 37,276,448            64,172 37,212,276
VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (2).  Changes in important projects under construction for the period
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                             Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                     Proportion
                                                                                                                        of total
                                                                                                                        project                                                Interest
                                                                                  Transfer to      Other            investment                                Including:        rate of
                                                                                 fixed assets   decrease                 in the              Accumulated     capitalised capitalisation
                                                            Opening Increase for      for the    for the    Closing     budget Progress of     capitalised   interest in        for the
                     Project name                 Budget     balance the period        period     period    balance         (%)    project        interest   the period    period (%)     Source of fund

                     Xinjiang Turpan Shanshan   5,109,630   3,102,036    487,047                           3,589,083     70.24       70.24         76,267       30,292             2.20   Self-owned
                         1GW Solar Thermal                                                                                                                                                   funds + loans
                         + Photovoltaic
                         Integrated Project
                         of CEEC Zhejiang
                         Thermal Power (中國
                         能建浙江火電新疆吐
                         魯番鄯善1GW光熱+
                         光伏一 體化項目)
                     Green Hydro-aminol         6,946,180   1,629,248   1,200,888                          2,830,136     40.74       40.74         23,376       15,922             2.45   Self-owned
                        Integrated Project                                                                                                                                                   funds + loans
                        (綠色氫氨醇一體
                        化項目)
                     Guizhou Liupanshui         4,998,710   1,458,661    860,936                           2,319,597     46.40       46.40         51,574       20,602             2.76   Self-owned
                        City Multi-energy                                                                                                                                                    funds + loans
                        Complementary
                        Energy Base Dawan
                        2X660MW Low
                        Heating Value (CFB)
                        Coal Power Project
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                        (貴州六盤水市多能
                        互補能源基地大灣
                        2X660MW 低熱值
                        (CFB)煤電項目)
                     Shahe 500MW                3,000,000   1,439,287    409,797                           1,849,084     71.61       71.61        103,651       10,249             3.00   Self-owned
                        Photovoltaic Project                                                                                                                                                 funds + loans
                        (沙河市500MW光
                        伏項目)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report         2025 INTERIM REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                249
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 250


VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (2).  Changes in important projects under construction for the period (Continued)
                                                                                                                      Proportion
                                                                                                                         of total
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report
                                                                                                                         project                                                Interest
                                                                                   Transfer to      Other            investment                                Including:        rate of
                                                                                  fixed assets   decrease                 in the              Accumulated     capitalised capitalisation
                                                             Opening Increase for      for the    for the    Closing     budget Progress of     capitalised   interest in        for the
                     Project name                  Budget     balance the period        period     period    balance         (%)    project        interest   the period    period (%)     Source of fund

                     Hubei Yingcheng             1,955,550   1,589,823     72,502                           1,662,325     85.01       85.01         90,272       30,206             2.77   Self-owned
                        300MW Compressed                                                                                                                                                      funds + loans
                        Air Energy Storage
                        Power Project (湖北應
                        城300MW級壓縮空
                        氣儲能項目)
                     Langjia Photovoltaic        3,405,464   1,483,825    125,327                           1,609,152     47.25       47.25         27,306           69             2.82   Self-owned
                        Power Generation                                                                                                                                                      funds + loans
                        Project (浪戛光伏發
                        電項目)
                     China Energy                2,725,523    133,014    1,034,670                          1,167,684     42.84       42.84         10,783       10,633             2.92   Self-owned
                        Construction                                                                                                                                                          funds + loans
                        Investment Urumqi
                        500,000 kW Wind
                        Power Project (中能建
                        投烏魯木齊50萬千瓦
                        風電項目)
                     China Energy                2,040,214    176,073     888,379                   7,933   1,056,519     52.17       52.17          5,953         5,316            2.72   Self-owned
                        Construction                                                                                                                                                          funds + loans
                        Investment Shapotou
                        District Pastoral-
                        Photovoltaic-Storage
                        Integration (Phase I)
                        Project (中能建投沙坡
                        頭區牧光儲一體化
                        (一期)項目)
                     Grand Canal Green and      12,575,000    644,769     334,799                            979,568       7.79        7.79         24,140       11,181             2.70   Self-owned
                        Low-carbon Science                                                                                                                                                    funds + loans
                        and Innovation
                        Industrial Park (大
                        運河綠色低碳科創
                        產業園)
VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (2).  Changes in important projects under construction for the period (Continued)
                                                                                                                      Proportion
                                                                                                                         of total
                                                                                                                         project                                                Interest
                                                                                    Transfer to      Other           investment                                Including:        rate of
                                                                                   fixed assets   decrease                in the              Accumulated     capitalised capitalisation
                                                              Opening Increase for      for the    for the   Closing     budget Progress of     capitalised   interest in        for the
                     Project name                   Budget     balance the period        period     period   balance         (%)    project        interest   the period    period (%)     Source of fund

                     Baiyu Photovoltaic Power     1,916,801   834,368      105,884                           940,252      49.05       49.05         28,068       10,971             2.82   Self-owned
                         Generation Project                                                                                                                                                   funds + loans
                         (白玉光伏發電項目)
                     Liaoning Benxi Taizihe      12,145,000   622,077      287,640                           909,717       7.49        7.49         11,112         7,872            2.44   Self-owned
                         Pumped Storage                                                                                                                                                       funds + loans
                         Power Station Project
                         (遼寧本溪太子河抽水
                         蓄能電站項目)
                     Huai’an New Energy           1,265,000   588,261      287,828        3,238              872,851      69.26       69.26         10,859         6,204            2.42   Self-owned
                        200MW Wind Power                                                                                                                                                      funds + loans
                        Project (懷安新能源
                        200MW風電項目)
                     Gansu Jiuquan 300MW          2,575,810   497,221      373,607         342               870,486      33.83       33.83          9,488         5,857            2.80   Self-owned
                        Compressed Air                                                                                                                                                        funds + loans
                        Energy Storage
                        Demonstration
                        Project (甘肅酒泉
                        300MW壓縮空氣儲
                        能示範工程)
                     Shengsi County CPECG         5,684,810   133,205      729,561                           862,766      15.18       15.18          8,962         4,938            3.30   Self-owned
                        Common Prosperity                                                                                                                                                     funds + loans
                        Integrated Project (嵊
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                        泗縣中電工程共同富
                        裕一體化項目)
                     Zhangye 200MW Wind           1,089,340   512,438      280,864                           793,302      72.82       72.82         23,148         8,791            3.10   Self-owned
                        Power Project (張掖                                                                                                                                                     funds + loans
                        200MW風電項目)
                     Minjiang Pengshan            1,077,000   727,481       22,112                           749,593      69.60       69.60         22,122         7,768            2.85   Self-owned
                        Jianzishan Avionic                                                                                                                                                    funds + loans
                        Hub Project (岷江
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report         2025 INTERIM REPORT

                        彭山尖子山航電樞
                        紐工程)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 251
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               252


VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (2).  Changes in important projects under construction for the period (Continued)
                                                                                                                    Proportion
                                                                                                                       of total
                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report
                                                                                                                       project                                                Interest
                                                                                  Transfer to      Other           investment                                Including:        rate of
                                                                                 fixed assets   decrease                in the              Accumulated     capitalised capitalisation
                                                            Opening Increase for      for the    for the   Closing     budget Progress of     capitalised   interest in        for the
                     Project name                 Budget     balance the period        period     period   balance         (%)    project        interest   the period    period (%)     Source of fund

                     Shandong Tai’an 350MW      2,085,760   349,272      362,787         430               711,629      36.09       36.09         15,088       10,623             3.25   Self-owned
                        Compressed Air                                                                                                                                                      funds + loans
                        Energy Storage
                        Innovation
                        Demonstration
                        Project (山東泰安
                        350MW壓縮空氣儲
                        能創新示範項目)
                     Yulin China Energy          886,640    587,468      115,264                           702,732      79.26       79.26         12,528         4,982            1.95   Self-owned
                         Construction Juhuang                                                                                                                                               funds + loans
                         New Energy Co., Ltd.
                         (榆林中能建巨皇新能
                         源有限公司)
                     Shanxi Yuanqu Phase        8,815,910   553,669      116,157                           669,826       7.60        7.60         12,385         5,185            2.44   Self-owned
                        II Pumped Storage                                                                                                                                                   funds + loans
                        Project (山西垣曲二
                        期抽水蓄能項目)
                     Hami “Photovoltaic         8,117,876   456,601      233,652                           690,253       8.50        8.50          5,532         4,264            2.65   Self-owned
                        (Heat) Storage”                                                                                                                                                     funds + loans
                        Multi-energy
                        Complementary
                        Integrated Green
                        Power Demonstration
                        Project (哈密「光(熱)
                        儲」多能互補一體化
                        綠電示範項目)
VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       18.   Construction in Progress (Continued)
             Construction in progress (Continued)
             (2).  Changes in important projects under construction for the period (Continued)
                                                                                                                        Proportion
                                                                                                                           of total
                                                                                                                           project                                                Interest
                                                                                     Transfer to      Other            investment                                Including:        rate of
                                                                                    fixed assets   decrease                 in the              Accumulated     capitalised capitalisation
                                                               Opening Increase for      for the    for the    Closing     budget Progress of     capitalised   interest in        for the
                     Project name                    Budget     balance the period        period     period    balance         (%)    project        interest   the period    period (%)     Source of fund

                     Aihui 200MW Phase I           1,329,020    502,988     180,717                            683,705      51.44       51.44          5,739         4,384            2.45   Loans
                        Wind Power Project
                        and Sino-Russian
                        Cultural and Sports
                        Industrial Base Project
                        (愛輝200MW一期風
                        電項目和中俄文體產
                        業基地項目)
                     Jianjiatou and                1,605,520    285,366     365,007                            650,373      40.51       40.51         47,086       12,818             2.50   Self-owned
                         Yunzhichong                                                                                                                                                            funds +
                         Construction Granite                                                                                                                                                   financing
                         Mine Project (簡架
                         頭、雲致沖建築用花
                         崗岩礦項目)

                     Total                        91,350,758 18,307,151   8,875,425        4,010      7,933 27,170,633                               625,439      229,127



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED




                                                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report         2025 INTERIM REPORT




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 253
254




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             19.   Right-of-use Assets
                   (1).   Right-of-use assets
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                           Building and   Construction   Transportation    Other right-
                           Item                              structures    equipment         equipment    of-use assets       Total

                           I. Original carrying amount
                              1. Opening balance              5,507,069       327,958          345,852           7,907    6,188,786
                              2. Increase for the period       333,447         15,276              838          40,950     390,511
                                  (1) Lease                    333,447         15,276              838          40,950     390,511
                              3. Decrease for the period       194,968        266,750                                      461,718
                                  (1) Disposal                 194,968        266,750                                      461,718
                              4. Closing balance              5,645,548        76,484          346,690          48,857    6,117,579

                           II. Accumulated depreciation
                              1. Opening balance              1,666,297        50,486           74,535           1,716    1,793,034
                              2. Increase for the period       281,637          3,599            7,044           1,256     293,536
                                  (1) Provision                281,637          3,599            7,044           1,256     293,536
                              3. Decrease for the period        42,088         26,290                                       68,378
                                  (1) Disposal                  42,088         26,290                                       68,378
                              4. Closing balance              1,905,846        27,795           81,579           2,972    2,018,192

                           III. Impairment provision
                              1. Opening balance
                              2. Increase for the period
                              3. Decrease for the period
                              4. Closing balance

                           IV. Carrying amount
                              1. Closing carrying amount      3,739,702        48,689          265,111          45,885    4,099,387
                              2. Opening carrying amount      3,840,772       277,472          271,317           6,191    4,395,752
                                                          CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED         2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                       255




                                                                                                             Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       20.   Intangible Assets
             (1).   Intangible assets
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                          Patent
                                                                          rights,
                                                                      unpatented
                                                                      technology
                                                            Land use         and      Mining    Concession
                     Item                                      rights   software       rights       rights      Others         Total

                     I. Original carrying amount
                       1. Opening balance                  15,333,239   2,429,330   6,007,918   89,307,424      291,867 113,369,778
                       2. Increase for the period            646,272       84,174    100,016     3,239,059           6     4,069,527
                            (1) Purchase                     519,905       58,690    100,016          146            3      678,760
                            (2) Investment and
                                   construction                                                  3,238,913                 3,238,913
                            (3) Acquisition of
                                  subsidiaries               126,367       10,201                                           136,568
                            (4) Transfer from
                                   development expenses                    15,201                                    3       15,204
                            (5) Others                                        82                                                 82
                       3. Decrease for the period             35,905        6,679                                            42,584
                            (1) Purchase                      24,764        4,499                                            29,263
                            (2) Sales                           4,147                                                          4,147
                            (3) Others                          6,994       2,180                                              9,174
                       4. Closing balance                  15,943,606   2,506,825   6,107,934   92,546,483      291,873 117,396,721

                     II. Accumulated amortization
                       1. Opening balance                   2,477,800   1,804,230    714,288     7,722,264       84,391   12,802,973
                       2. Increase for the period            171,329       91,814    276,210     1,355,224        9,882    1,904,459
                            (1) Provision                    166,459       90,297    276,210     1,355,224        9,882    1,898,072
                            (2) Acquisition of
                                  subsidiaries                  4,870       1,516                                              6,386
                            (3) Others                                         1                                                  1
                       3. Decrease for the period             10,349        5,177                                            15,526
                            (1) Disposal and retirement         3,723       4,423                                              8,146
                            (2) Sales                           1,085                                                          1,085
                            (3) Others                          5,541        754                                               6,295
                       4. Closing balance                   2,638,780   1,890,867    990,498     9,077,488       94,273   14,691,906
256




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             20.   Intangible Assets (Continued)
                   (1).   Intangible assets (Continued)
                                                                          Patent
                                                                          rights,
                                                                      unpatented
                                                                      technology
                                                            Land use         and       Mining     Concession
                           Item                                rights   software        rights        rights   Others        Total

                           III. Impairment provision
                              1. Opening balance              45,120                                                        45,120
                              2. Increase for the period
                              3. Decrease for the period
                              4. Closing balance              45,120                                                        45,120

                           IV. Carrying amount
                              1. Closing carrying amount   13,259,706     615,958    5,117,436    83,468,995   197,600 102,659,695
                              2. Opening carrying amount   12,810,319     625,100    5,293,630    81,585,160   207,476 100,521,685


                   (2).   Land use rights for which title certificates have not been obtained
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                       Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                              Carrying amount        Reason for not obtaining the title certificate

                           Land use rights                              32,201      In progress

                           Subtotal                                     32,201
                                                     CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              257




                                                                                                   Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       21.   Goodwill
             (1).   Original carrying amount of goodwill
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Increase         Decrease
                                                                                during the       during the
                                                                                  period           period
                                                                                Arising from
                     Name of investee or items giving rise to        Opening         business                     Closing
                     goodwill                                         balance   combination         Disposal      balance

                     Gezhouba Zhongxiang Cement Company
                       Limited (葛洲壩鐘祥水泥有限公司)                         653,762                                      653,762
                     Explosive Co., Ltd. (易普力股份有限公司)                 386,116                                      386,116
                     Gezhouba Explosive Guangxi Weiqi
                       Chemical Co., Ltd.
                       (葛洲壩易普力廣西威奇化工有限責任
                       公司)                                           356,235                                      356,235
                     Empresarios Agrupados Internacional, S.A.,
                       Ghesa Ingenieriay Tecnologia, S.A.
                       (西班牙易安國際股份公司、蓋颯工程技
                       術股份公司)                                        236,010                                      236,010
                     Henan Songguang Civil Explosives Co., Ltd.
                       (河南省松光民爆器材股份有限公司)                                            162,230                       162,230
                     Gezhouba Water Affairs (Jinan) Co., Ltd.
                       (葛洲壩水務(濟南)有限公司)                               150,536                                      150,536
                     Pengzhou Branch of China Gezhouba
                       Group Explosive Co., Ltd.
                       (中國葛洲壩集團易普力股份有限公司彭
                       州分公司)                                          97,989                                       97,989
                     Danjiangkou Zhonghe Water Purification
                       Co., Ltd.
                       (丹江口市中和水質淨化有限公司)                               81,082                                       81,082
                     Gezhouba Water Affairs (Binzhou) Co., Ltd.
                       (葛洲壩水務(濱州)有限公司)                                78,027                                       78,027
                     China Energy Engineering International
                       Group Samarkand Cement Foreign
                       Investment Co., Ltd.
                       (中能建國際集團撒馬爾罕水泥外資有
                       限公司)                                           69,127                                       69,127
                     Gezhouba Water Affairs (Qinyang) Co., Ltd.
                       (葛洲壩水務(沁陽)有限公司)                                60,559                                       60,559
                     Others                                          456,921         60,392                       517,313

                     Total                                         2,626,364        222,622                      2,848,986
258




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             21.   Goodwill (Continued)
                   (2).     Provision for impairment of goodwill
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                            Increase         Decrease
                                                                                           during the       during the
                                                                                             period           period
                             Name of investee or items giving rise            Opening                                      Closing
                             to goodwill                                       balance       Provision         Disposal    balance

                             Gezhouba Explosive Chongqing Lineng
                               Civil Explosive Co., Ltd.
                               (葛洲壩易普力重慶力能民爆股份有
                               限公司)                                               330                                         330
                             Lixian Erhua Civil Explosive Equipment
                                Co., Ltd.
                                (澧縣二化民爆器材有限責任公司)                                  101                                         101
                             Hengyang Hongtai Civil Explosive
                               Equipment Co., Ltd.
                               (衡陽市宏泰民用爆破器材有限責任
                               公司)                                                172                                         172
                             Zhijiang County Civil Explosives
                               Operating Co., Ltd.
                               (芷江縣民爆經營公司)                                        183                                         183
                             Suining County Civil Explosive
                               Equipment Franchise Co., Ltd.
                               (綏寧縣民爆器材專營有限公司)                                    159                                         159
                             Chenzhou Fa’an Transportation Co.,
                               Ltd. (郴州市發安運輸有限責任公司)                               557                                         557
                             Others                                                18                                          18

                             Total                                              1,520                                        1,520


             22.   Long-term Prepaid Expenses
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                Opening       Increase for Amortization            Other   Closing
                    Item                                         balance        the period for the period       decrease   balance

                    Fixed assets improvement
                       expenditures under operating lease             6,885        1,819           2,046                     6,658
                    Insurance premiums                               22,529       94,804           6,636                   110,697
                    Others                                      749,809          151,603        129,625             529    771,258

                    Total                                       779,223          248,226        138,307             529    888,613
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      259




                                                                                           Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       23.   Deferred Income Tax Assets/Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
             (1).   Deferred income tax assets not offset
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                       Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                         Closing balance                  Opening balance
                                                     Deductible        Deferred       Deductible         Deferred
                                                     temporary       income tax        temporary       income tax
                     Item                            differences         assets       differences          assets

                     Provision for assets
                       impairment                     3,637,282            685,255     3,482,447            654,069
                     Unrealized profit in
                       intragroup transactions        5,301,926        1,188,982       4,851,093        1,124,080
                     Deductible losses                  872,403            199,952       903,860            203,547
                     Credit impairment
                       provision                      6,834,060        1,122,927       6,575,261        1,081,889
                     Employee benefits payable           91,364             15,878       107,018             18,665
                     Depreciation of fixed
                       assets                            85,318             21,326        28,773              7,191
                     Lease liabilities                1,169,294            274,051     1,221,255            290,145
                     Defined benefit plan             1,481,922            229,295     1,509,415            237,070
                     Financial assets held for
                        trading and derivative
                        financial assets                 32,164              6,078        32,133              6,070
                     Other debt investments              14,589              3,342        14,589              3,342
                     Others                             911,651            168,946       903,560            166,923

                     Total                           20,431,973        3,916,032      19,629,404        3,792,991
260




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             23.   Deferred Income Tax Assets/Deferred Income Tax Liabilities (Continued)
                   (2).   Deferred tax income liabilities not offset
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                             Closing balance                      Opening balance
                                                           Taxable            Deferred           Taxable
                                                       temporary            income tax        temporary      Deferred income
                           Item                        differences            liabilities    differences         tax liabilities

                           Financial assets held for
                              trading and derivative
                              financial assets           1,535,548             234,480        1,541,992               235,447
                           Depreciation of
                             fixed assets and
                             amortization of
                             intangible assets           5,372,879           1,298,500        4,827,924             1,163,813
                           Appreciation of asset
                             valuation of business
                             combination not
                             under the common
                             control                       491,985             104,442          513,026               106,404
                           Right-of-use assets           1,396,624             347,642        1,391,929               344,940
                           Others                        1,930,620             348,810        2,483,339               486,984

                           Total                       10,727,656            2,333,874      10,758,210              2,337,588


                   (3).   Deferred income tax assets or liabilities stated on a net basis after elimination
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                             Closing balance                     Opening balance
                                                       Elimination
                                                            amount           Balance of     Elimination           Balance of
                                                          between               deferred     amount of               deferred
                                                           deferred         income tax          deferred         income tax
                                                       income tax              assets or    income tax              assets or
                                                        assets and      liabilities after    assets and      liabilities after
                           Item                           liabilities       elimination        liabilities       elimination

                           Deferred income tax
                             assets                        182,570           3,733,462          231,518             3,561,473
                           Deferred income tax
                             liabilities                   182,570           2,151,304          231,518             2,106,070
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     261




                                                                                          Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       23.   Deferred Income Tax Assets/Deferred Income Tax Liabilities (Continued)
             (4).   Breakdown of unrecognized deferred income tax assets
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                     Item                                                    Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Deductible temporary differences                              6,885,871           6,884,560
                     Deductible losses                                            16,050,087          17,174,685

                     Total                                                        22,935,958          24,059,245


             (5).   Deductible losses for which deferred income tax assets are not recognised will expire
                    in the following years
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                     Year                                                    Closing amount      Opening amount

                     2025                                                          2,319,255           2,548,594
                     2026                                                          3,397,471           4,242,325
                     2027                                                          1,407,549           1,594,905
                     2028                                                          2,914,480           2,987,183
                     2029                                                            190,606             190,606
                     2030 and afterwards                                           5,820,726           5,611,072

                     Total                                                        16,050,087          17,174,685


                    Other explanation:

                    □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
262




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             24.   Other Non-current Assets
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                         Closing balance                              Opening balance
                                                             Carrying Impairment             Carrying      Carrying        Impairment      Carrying
                    Item                                      balance   provision             amount       balance           provision     amount

                    Prepaid enterprise income tax              61,798                         61,798        88,411                          88,411
                    VAT to be deducted                      1,600,790                       1,600,790    1,317,331                        1,317,331
                    Prepayments for equipment               1,087,619             754       1,086,865    1,179,056                754     1,178,302
                    Prepayments for long-term assets          628,885                        628,885     1,238,166                        1,238,166
                    Contract assets                        88,127,875       1,845,159      86,282,716   85,441,700         1,698,567     83,743,133
                    Including: Payments of PPP
                                 projects calculated
                                 under financial asset
                                 model                     41,894,096                      41,894,096   42,324,055                       42,324,055
                    Others                                 11,196,061                      11,196,061   10,595,911                       10,595,911
                    Less: The portion due within one
                            year                             -981,136        -106,975        -874,161     -975,744           -112,995      -862,749

                    Total                                 101,721,892       1,738,938      99,982,954   98,884,831         1,586,326     97,298,505


             25.   Assets with Restricted Ownership or Rights-of-Use
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                End of the period                             Beginning of the period
                                                         Carrying                                         Carrying
                    Item                                  amount     Restriction                          amount       Restriction

                    Cash at bank and on hand             9,034,553   Issuing bank acceptance             9,060,733     Issuing bank acceptance
                                                                        bills, guarantee                                  bills, guarantee deposits,
                                                                        deposits, and time                                and time deposits over
                                                                        deposits over three                               three months etc.
                                                                        months etc.
                    Bill receivable                      1,522,476   Loan pledge                         2,881,653     Loan pledge
                    Account receivables                  6,120,437   Loan pledge                         5,700,665     Loan pledge
                    Inventories                      24,762,020      Loan mortgage                      24,137,906     Loan mortgage
                    Fixed assets                         4,094,468   Loan mortgage                       4,104,136     Loan mortgage
                    Long-term receivables                9,246,544   Loan pledge                         9,249,081     Loan pledge
                    Intangible assets                36,016,314      Loan mortgage/pledge               36,021,113     Loan mortgage/pledge

                    Total                            90,796,812      /                                  91,155,287     /
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         263




                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       26.   Short-term Borrowings
             (1).     Classification of short-term borrowings
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                       Item                                                      Closing balance     Opening balance

                       Credit borrowings                                              56,582,407          39,036,792
                       Guaranteed borrowings                                              74,680             899,114
                       Secured borrowings                                                                      5,000
                       Pledged borrowings                                                145,246             251,642

                       Total                                                          56,802,333          40,192,548


       27.   Bills Payable
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable
                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Type                                                               Closing balance     Opening balance

              Bank acceptance bills                                                   18,320,917          16,311,178
              Commercial acceptance bills                                                343,756             316,888
              Letter of credit                                                           264,056             163,244
              Financial company acceptance bills                                           4,290               3,770

              Total                                                                   18,933,019          16,795,080


       28.   Trade Payables
             (1)      Breakdown of trade payables
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                       Item                                                      Closing balance     Opening balance

                       Work progress payables                                        113,256,362         109,316,236
                       Material purchase payables                                     43,680,101          41,737,516
                       Equipment payables                                             15,546,384          13,951,955
                       Warranty deposit payables                                      12,284,483           9,833,934
                       Labor fee payables                                              3,535,205           3,772,655
                       Engineering design consulting fee payables                      1,697,790             990,403
                       Others                                                          9,891,346           8,935,519

                       Total                                                         199,891,671         188,538,218
264




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             28.   Trade Payables (Continued)
                   (2)    Significant trade payables aged over one year or overdue
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                            Closing balance      Reasons for non-repayment or carry-forward

                           Equipment payables                       3,910,535   Based on the contract agreement, the time for
                                                                                payment is not yet due
                           Work progress payables                20,946,298     Based on the contract agreement, the time for
                                                                                payment is not yet due

                           Total                                 24,856,833     /


                          Other explanation:
                          □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

             29.   Receipts in Advance
                   (1).   Breakdown of receipts in advance
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                                                          Closing balance      Opening balance

                           Rent in advance                                                         31,938               30,878

                           Total                                                                   31,938               30,878


             30.   Contract Liabilities
                   (1).   Contract liabilities
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                                                          Closing balance      Opening balance

                           Settled but uncompleted payments of construction
                             contract                                                         31,255,260           32,067,487
                           Receipts in advance from sales of properties                       14,822,131           10,256,437
                           Receipts in advance from construction work                         40,322,521           31,056,167
                           Receipts in advance from product sales                               2,050,636            1,767,445
                           Others                                                               8,360,392            3,845,777

                           Total                                                              96,810,940           78,993,313
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         265




                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       31.   Employee Benefits Payable
             (1).   Breakdown of employee benefits payable
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                            Decrease
                                                               Opening Increase during     during the        Closing
                     Item                                       balance     the period         period        balance

                     I. Short-term benefits                  2,203,542     13,123,996     13,206,980       2,120,558
                     II. Post-employment benefits –
                           defined contribution plan           201,201      2,056,081      2,082,716         174,566
                     III. Termination benefits                     634         14,122         13,306           1,450
                     IV. Other benefits due within
                          one year                              99,651        431,499        419,643         111,507

                     Total                                   2,505,028     15,625,698     15,722,645       2,408,081


             (2).   Breakdown of short-term compensation
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                            Decrease
                                                               Opening Increase during     during the        Closing
                     Item                                       balance     the period         period        balance

                     I. Wages, bonuses, allowances
                          and subsidies                      1,105,011     10,209,344     10,266,916       1,047,439
                     II. Employee welfare benefits                            624,953        624,953
                     III. Social insurance                     158,633        969,482      1,000,463         127,652
                     Including: Medical insurance              144,399        872,466        902,902         113,963
                                  Work-related injury
                                   insurance                    12,109         79,694         80,283          11,520
                                  Maternity insurance
                                   premiums                      2,125         17,322         17,278           2,169
                     IV. Housing provident fund                226,600      1,014,678      1,025,736         215,542
                     V. Union and education fund               712,777        284,675        267,761         729,691
                     VI. Others                                    521         20,864         21,151             234

                     Total                                   2,203,542     13,123,996     13,206,980       2,120,558
266




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             31.   Employee Benefits Payable (Continued)
                   (3).     Breakdown of defined contribution plan
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                  Decrease
                                                                   Opening Increase during       during the          Closing
                             Item                                   balance     the period           period          balance

                             1. Basic pension insurance            135,866       1,448,322       1,474,747           109,441
                             2. Unemployment insurance               15,160         54,155          54,584            14,731
                             3. Enterprise annuity payment           50,175        553,604         553,385            50,394

                             Total                                 201,201       2,056,081       2,082,716           174,566


                            Other explanation:
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                            In addition to social basic pension insurance, the Company has established an enterprise
                            annuity plan in accordance with relevant policies of the national enterprise annuity system. The
                            Company accrues annuities based on a certain percentage of total wages, and the corresponding
                            expenditures are included in the current profit and loss.

             32.   Taxes Payable
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                    Item                                                              Closing balance         Opening balance

                    Value-added tax                                                          3,070,256             3,745,742
                    Enterprise income tax                                                    1,662,525             2,554,666
                    Individual income tax withholding                                         128,809                378,632
                    City construction and maintenance tax                                       58,093                72,237
                    Land value-added tax                                                      544,364                544,464
                    Property tax                                                                35,485                45,673
                    Land use tax                                                                16,912                15,397
                    Educational surcharge                                                       38,899                48,145
                    Others                                                                    182,569                214,443

                    Total                                                                    5,737,912             7,619,399
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        267




                                                                                             Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       33.   Other Payables
             (1).   Breakdown by item
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                     Item                                                       Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Dividends payable                                                2,300,226           1,328,459
                     Other payables                                                  67,659,386          67,869,073

                     Total                                                           69,959,612          69,197,532


             (2).   Dividends payable
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                     Item                                                       Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Dividends on ordinary shares                                     2,300,226           1,328,459

                     Total                                                            2,300,226           1,328,459


             (3).   Other payables
                    Other payables classified by nature of payment
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                     Item                                                       Closing balance     Opening balance

                     Pledge and security deposit                                     33,976,045          35,282,024
                     Placements                                                      11,570,570          10,453,874
                     Payment and collection clearance payables                       16,402,986          16,502,582
                     Separation and transfer payment of “Three Supplies and
                       One Industry” (Note)                                             482,349             487,062
                     Daily expenses payable                                           4,485,675           4,781,035
                     Real estate sales earnest money                                     76,765              48,167
                     Others                                                             664,996             314,329

                     Total                                                           67,659,386          67,869,073
268




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             33.   Other Payables (Continued)
                   (3).   Other payables (Continued)
                          Significant other payables aged over one year or overdue
                          □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                          Other explanation:
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                          Note:   According to the Notice of the General Office of the State Council Forwarding the Guiding Opinions
                                  of the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council and
                                  the Ministry of Finance on the Separation and Transfer of “Three Supplies and One Industry”
                                  in the Family District of State-owned Enterprises (國務院辦公廳轉發國務院國資委、財政部關於
                                  國有企業職工家屬區「三供一業」分離移交工作指導意見的通知) (Guo Ban Fa [2016] No. 45),
                                  the separation and transfer of “Three Supplies and One Industry” (the “Three Supplies and One
                                  Industry”) in the family area of employees of state-owned enterprises has been comprehensively
                                  promoted across the country. The regulation requires necessary maintenance and renovation of
                                  water supply, power supply, heating (gas supply) and property management related equipment
                                  and facilities to reach the average level of urban infrastructure, and to charge fees at household
                                  basis by professional enterprises or institutions for socialized management, which was basically
                                  completed by the end of 2018.

                                  According to the relevant national policy requirements, Energy China Group has implemented the
                                  separation and transfer of “Three Supplies and One Industry”. In 2018, Energy China Group and
                                  the Company signed an entrustment agreement entrusting the Company to implement the “Three
                                  Supplies and One Industry”, entrusting the Company and its subsidiaries to identify a suitable
                                  recipient at the location of each company, to enter into separation and transfer agreement and
                                  complete the separation and transfer related work. The expenses related to the separation and
                                  transfer of assets within the scope of the subsidy standard stipulated in the relevant documents
                                  shall be paid by the Company in advance on behalf of Energy China Group, and the expenses
                                  related to the separation and transfer of assets arising from the separation and transfer of “Three
                                  Supplies and One Industry” beyond the scope of the subsidy standard specified in the relevant
                                  documents shall be borne by the Company.

                                  In 2018, when the Company was entrusted by Energy China Group to carry out the separation
                                  and transfer of “Three Supplies and One Industry”, there were payables to the recipient and the
                                  party providing maintenance and renovation services to the Company. As of 30 June 2025, the
                                  above-mentioned other payables were RMB482,349 thousand.
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       269




                                                                                            Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       34.   Non-current Liabilities Due Within One Year
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

              Long-term borrowings due within one year                              20,550,468          19,509,451
              Long-term employee benefits payable due within one year                  677,136             731,750
              Bonds payable due within one year                                      1,635,291           1,703,054
              Others                                                                 1,414,916           1,806,498

              Total                                                                 24,277,811          23,750,753


       35.   Other Current Liabilities
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                             Closing balance     Opening balance

              Taxes pending write-off                                                3,236,158           2,852,662
              Estimated liabilities                                                    379,768             433,930
              Acceptance bills endorsed but not due                                  1,484,349           2,723,392
              Others                                                                   180,180              68,596

              Total                                                                  5,280,455           6,078,580


       36.   Long-term Borrowings
             (1).     Classification of long-term borrowings
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                       Item                                                    Closing balance     Opening balance

                       Credit borrowings                                           143,580,766         127,844,033
                       Guaranteed borrowings                                         7,861,032           8,264,522
                       Secured borrowings                                           29,736,506          30,397,110
                       Pledged borrowings                                           49,158,366          46,013,403
                       Less: Long-term borrowings due within one year               20,550,468          19,509,451

                       Total                                                       209,786,202         193,009,617
270




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             37.   Bonds Payable
                   (1).   Bonds payable
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                           Item                                                                                                                    Closing balance                     Opening balance

                           Total bonds payable                                                                                                             20,033,509                          15,702,373
                           Less: Bonds payable due within one year                                                                                           1,635,291                           1,703,054

                           Total                                                                                                                           18,398,218                          13,999,319


                   (2).   Details of bonds payable: (excluding preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other
                          financial instruments classified as financial liabilities)
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                          Issued        Interest   Amortization                            Whether
                                                                           Par value                                Issue   Opening        in the accrued at par    of premium Repayment in     Closing    or not
                           Name of bonds                                      (RMB)    Issue date   Maturity      amount     balance      period           value   and discount the period      balance    violated

                           22 CEEC 01                                           100    2022-07-22   3 years     1,500,000 1,459,306                      20,351                                1,459,306   No
                           24 CEEC K1                                           100    2024-03-07   10 years    1,000,000 1,000,000                      13,615                                1,000,000   No
                           24 CEEC GN001A (Technology Innovation Notes)         100    2024-09-25   5 years      500,000     500,000         -50          5,325                                 499,950    No
                           24 CEEC GN001B (Technology Innovation Notes)         100    2024-09-25   10 years     500,000     500,000         -50          5,799                                 499,950    No
                           24 CEEC GN002 (Carbon Neutral Bonds)                 100    2024-11-04   5 years     1,500,000 1,500,000        -150          16,899                                1,499,850   No
                           25 CEEC K1                                           100    2025-03-06   10 years    2,000,000              1,999,000         14,299                     300,000    1,699,000   No
                           25 CEEC MTN001                                       100    2025-05-26   3 years     2,000,000              2,000,000          3,167                     300,000    1,700,000   No
                           24 CGGC MTN001                                       100    2024-01-25   10 years    2,000,000 2,000,000                      29,555                                2,000,000   No
                           24 CGGC K1                                           100    2024-03-20   10 years    2,000,000 2,000,000                      27,770                                2,000,000   No
                           24 CGGC K2                                           100    2024-05-16   10 years    1,500,000 1,500,000                      20,084                                1,500,000   No
                           24 CGGC K3                                           100    2024-06-05   5 years     1,000,000 1,000,000                      11,405                                1,000,000   No
                           24 CGGC K4                                           100    2024-06-05   10 years    1,000,000 1,000,000                      12,893                                1,000,000   No
                           24 CGGC MTN002                                       100    2024-06-25   30 years    1,000,000 1,000,000                      13,885                                1,000,000   No
                           First Tranche of 2025 Technology Innovation
                                 Bonds of China Gezhouba Group Co., Ltd.
                                 (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司2025年度第一期
                                 科技創新債券)                                        100    2025-06-17   5 years     1,000,000              1,000,000            627                                1,000,000   No
                           G24 CEEIC 1                                          100    2024-10-17   3 years     1,000,000 1,000,000                      11,062                                1,000,000   No
                           24 CGGOI MTN001                                      100    2024-03-14   3 years     1,000,000    999,318                     14,200           150                   999,468    No

                           Total                                                   /   /            /          20,500,000 15,458,624 4,998,750          220,936           150       600,000   19,857,524   /


                          Other explanation:
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                          As of 30 June 2025, the balance of interest payable for the above bonds at the beginning of
                          the period was RMB243,749 thousand, and the balance of interest payable at the end of the
                          period was RMB175,985 thousand. As of 30 June 2025, the total interest-bearing amount of
                          the above bonds was RMB20,033,509 thousand.
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         271




                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       38.   Lease Liabilities
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                               Closing balance     Opening balance

              Long-term lease liabilities                                              3,028,052           3,275,374
              Less: Lease liabilities due within one year                                316,786             554,482

              Total                                                                    2,711,266           2,720,892


       39.   Long-term Payables
             Breakdown by item
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                               Closing balance     Opening balance

              Long-term payables                                                       3,863,147           5,130,930
              Special payables                                                           217,230             205,409

              Total                                                                    4,080,377           5,336,339


             Long-term payables
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                               Closing balance     Opening balance

              After-sale financial lease                                                 668,419           1,068,326
              Others                                                                   3,194,728           4,062,604

              Total                                                                    3,863,147           5,130,930
272




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             39.   Long-term Payables (Continued)
                   Special payables
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                     Increase       Decrease
                                                      Opening      during the      during the      Closing
                    Item                               balance         period          period      balance     Formation reason

                    Special demolition
                      compensation                      1,761                                        1,761
                    Disposal of zombie
                      enterprises and
                      difficult enterprises            55,138                                       55,138
                    Three Supplies and One
                      Industry                         35,808                             304       35,504
                    Others                            112,702          20,759            8,634     124,827

                    Total                             205,409          20,759            8,938     217,230     /


             40.   Long-term Employee Benefits Payable
                   (1).     Statement on long-term employee benefits payable
                            3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                             Item                                                            Closing balance       Opening balance

                             I. Post-employment benefits – net liabilities for defined
                                  benefit plans                                                   6,716,682             6,920,448
                             II. Dismissal benefits                                                 473,477               555,965
                             Subtotal                                                             7,190,159             7,476,413
                             Less: Portion paid within one year                                     677,136               731,750

                             Total                                                                6,513,023             6,744,663
                                                       CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            273




                                                                                                 Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       40.   Long-term Employee Benefits Payable (Continued)
             (2).   Changes in defined benefit plans
                    Present value of obligations under defined benefit plans:
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                             Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                    Amount for the       Amount for the
                     Item                                                            current period         last period

                     I.     Opening balance                                               7,476,413           7,980,813
                     II.    Defined benefit cost included in the current profit
                              and loss                                                       63,550             182,370
                            1. Current service costs
                            2. Past service costs                                             2,530               3,510
                            3. Settlement gain (loss represented by “-”)
                            4. Net interest                                                  61,020             178,860
                     III.   Defined benefit cost included in other comprehensive
                              income                                                            140             391,860
                            1. Actuarial gain (loss represented by “-”)                         140             391,860
                     IV. Other changes                                                     -349,944          -1,078,630
                            1. Consideration paid at settlement
                            2. Benefits paid                                               -349,944          -1,078,630
                     V.     Closing balance                                               7,190,159           7,476,413


                    Plan assets:
                    □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                    Net liabilities (net assets) of the defined benefit plan
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                             Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                    Amount for the       Amount for the
                     Item                                                            current period         last period

                     I. Opening balance                                                   7,476,413           7,980,813
                     II. Defined benefit cost included in the current profit and
                            loss                                                             63,550             182,370
                     III. Defined benefit cost included in other comprehensive
                            income                                                              140             391,860
                     IV. Other changes                                                     -349,944          -1,078,630
                     V. Closing balance                                                   7,190,159           7,476,413
274




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             40.   Long-term Employee Benefits Payable (Continued)
                   (2).     Changes in defined benefit plans (Continued)
                            Explanation on impacts of the details of the defined benefit plan and its associated risks on the
                            Company’s future cash flows, timing and uncertainty:
                            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                            Explanation on key actuarial assumptions and sensitivity analysis results of defined benefit plans
                            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                            Other explanation:
                            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

             41.   Estimated Liabilities
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                    Item                                          Closing balance      Opening balance   Formation reason

                    Onerous contract to be performed                         24,107             30,104
                    Disposal fee                                            142,192           140,664    Mainly including
                                                                                                          environmental
                                                                                                          costs, rehabilitation
                                                                                                          costs of
                                                                                                          abandoned mines,
                                                                                                          etc.
                    Other estimated losses                                    3,009              6,220

                    Total                                                   169,308           176,988


             42.   Deferred Revenue
                   Deferred Revenue
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                 Increase       Decrease
                                                   Opening     during the      during the     Closing
                    Item                            balance        period          period     balance    Formation reason

                    Government grants              738,600         55,811         74,778      719,633    Government grants
                                                                                                           related to assets/
                                                                                                           income

                    Total                          738,600         55,811         74,778      719,633    /


                   Other explanation:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                                     CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED               2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                         275




                                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       43.   Others Non-current Liabilities
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                                      Closing balance            Opening balance

              Taxes payable by oversea subsidiaries                                                  420,312                 345,089
              Others                                                                                 913,949                 768,367

              Total                                                                              1,334,261                  1,113,456


       44.   Share Capital
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                       Increase or decrease (+, –)
                                                                               Conversion
                                                                                of capital
                                          Opening     Issuance of             reserve into                                     Closing
                                           balance    new shares     Bonus          shares           Others      Subtotal      balance

              Total number of shares   41,691,164                                                                           41,691,164
276




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             45.   Other Equity Instruments
                   (1).   Overview of outstanding preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial
                          instruments at the end of the period
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                              Dividend
                                                                                                                rate or
                                                                                              Accounting       interest                                          Expiration date or
                           Outstanding financial instruments                      Issue date classification        rate   Issue price     Number      Amount        renewal status

                           First Tranche of Medium-term Notes in 2022 of           2022/12/5        Equity      3.85%            0.1 30,000,000      3,000,000   Issuer has the right
                              China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited                                                                                          to exercise renewal
                              (中國能源建設股份有限公司2022年度第一                                                                                                                 option after 3 years
                              期中期票據)
                           2023 Scientific and Technological Innovation            2023/6/29        Equity      3.08%            0.1 10,000,000      1,000,000   Issuer has the right
                             Renewable Corporate Bonds for Professional                                                                                             to exercise renewal
                             Investors (First Tranche) Publicly Issued by China                                                                                     option after 3 years
                             Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (中國
                             能源建設股份有限公司2023年面向專業投資者
                             公開發行科技創新可續期公司債券(第一期))
                           2023 Scientific and Technological Innovation           2023/10/24        Equity      3.25%            0.1 20,000,000      2,000,000   Issuer has the right
                             Renewable Corporate Bonds for Professional                                                                                             to exercise renewal
                             Investors (Second Tranche) Publicly Issued by                                                                                          option after 3 years
                             China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited
                             (中國能源建設股份有限公司2023年面向專
                             業投資者公開發行科技創新可續期公司債券
                             (第二期))
                           2024 Scientific and Technological Innovation            2024/9/26        Equity      2.27%            0.1     7,000,000    700,000    Issuer has the right
                             Renewable Corporate Bonds for Professional                                                                                             to exercise renewal
                             Investors (First Tranche) Publicly Issued by China                                                                                     option after 5 years
                             Energy Engineering Corporation Limited (中國
                             能源建設股份有限公司2024年面向專業投資者
                             公開發行科技創新可續期公司債券(第一期))
                           2024 Scientific and Technological Innovation           2024/10/29        Equity      2.54%            0.1 23,000,000      2,300,000   Issuer has the right
                             Renewable Corporate Bonds for Professional                                                                                             to exercise renewal
                             Investors (Second Tranche) Publicly Issued by                                                                                          option after 5 years
                             China Energy Engineering Corporation Limited
                             (中國能源建設股份有限公司2024年面向專
                             業投資者公開發行科技創新可續期公司債券
                             (第二期))

                           Total                                                                                                        90,000,000   9,000,000


                          Other explanation:
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                            277




                                                                                                Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       45.   Other Equity Instruments (Continued)
             (1).     Overview of outstanding preferred shares, perpetual bonds and other financial
                      instruments at the end of the period (Continued)
                      Main terms:
                      For the above capital instruments issued by the Company, at the end of the agreed initial
                      period and the end of each renewal period, the Company has the right to exercise the option
                      of renewal without limitation on the frequency. As long as there is no compulsory interest
                      payment event, the Company has the right to choose to defer the payment of interest payments
                      on each interest payment date, without limitation on the time and frequency of deferral, and
                      it will not constitute a default of the Company.

                      The Company could not defer current distribution and all deferred distribution when any of the
                      following compulsory interest payment events occur:

                      –      to declare and pay dividend to shareholders;

                      –      to reduce registered capital.

                      When any of the compulsory distribution payment events occur, the Company, as the case may
                      be, shall make distribution to the holders of these capital instruments at the distribution rate as
                      defined in the subscription agreements.

                      According to the terms of the above-mentioned capital instrument-related contracts, the coupon
                      rate in subsequent cycles will be adjusted and reset accordingly.

                      The Company believes that the above-mentioned perpetual bonds conform to the definition
                      of equity instrument, and recognizes the actual amount received after deducting the relevant
                      transaction costs from the total issuance amount as equity, and the declared interest distribution
                      in the future will be treated as profit distribution.

       46.   Capital Reserve
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                    Increase during   Decrease during
              Item                              Opening balance          the period        the period Closing balance

              Capital premium (equity
                premium)                             17,662,305                                6,390        17,655,915

              Total                                  17,662,305                                6,390        17,655,915


             Other explanation, including changes in the current period and the reasons for the changes:
             The decrease during the period was attributable to a reduction of RMB2,381 thousand in capital
             reserves due to non-proportional capital increases in subsidiaries during the period, and a reduction
             of RMB4,009 thousand in capital reserves due to the payment of underwriting fees to underwriters
             for the issuance of REITs.
278




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             47.   Other Comprehensive Income
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                    Amount for the period
                                                                                                                Less: Amount
                                                                                                Less: Amount       transferred
                                                                                                transferred to    to retained                                     Amount
                                                                                    Amount       profit or loss       earnings                      Amount attributable to
                                                                                      before       from other      from other                   attributable the minority
                                                                     Opening     income tax    comprehensive comprehensive       Less: Income to the parent shareholders     Closing
                    Item                                              balance for the period           income          income     tax expense       after tax    after tax   balance

                    I. Other comprehensive income not to be
                        reclassified into profit or loss             722,397          -9,927                           -3,793         -1,805            -857        -3,472   721,540
                      Including: Changes of the re-measurement
                                    of defined benefit plans         592,158            140                                                 -15         132            23    592,290
                      Fair value change of other equity instrument
                           investments                               130,239        -10,067                            -3,793         -1,790            -989        -3,495   129,250
                    II. Other comprehensive income to be
                         reclassified into profit or loss            -734,209       294,955                                                          287,964        6,991    -446,245
                      Including: Differences on translation of
                                    foreign currency financial
                                    statements                       -734,209       294,955                                                          287,964        6,991    -446,245

                    Total other comprehensive income                  -11,812       285,028                            -3,793         -1,805         287,107        3,519    275,295


             48.   Special Reserve
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                        Increase during             Decrease during
                    Item                                                Opening balance                      the period                  the period Closing balance

                    Production safety expenses                                    1,737,358                     2,613,922                         2,437,598              1,913,682

                    Total                                                         1,737,358                     2,613,922                         2,437,598              1,913,682
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED           2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                 279




                                                                                                     Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       49.   Surplus Reserve
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                        Increase during     Decrease during
              Item                                Opening balance            the period          the period Closing balance

              Statutory surplus reserve                    11,306,717                                             11,306,717

              Total                                        11,306,717                                             11,306,717


       50.   Retained Earnings
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
              Item                                                                        Current period            Last year

              Retained earnings at the end of last period before adjustment                  34,625,449           29,848,343
              Total amount of retained earnings at the beginning of the
                adjustment period (increase +, decrease -)
              Retained earnings at the beginning of the period after adjustment              34,625,449           29,848,343
              Add: Net profits attributable to shareholders of the parent during
                      the current period                                                      2,801,838            8,396,167
                      Retained earnings transferred from other comprehensive
                        income                                                                    -3,793              97,096
                      Other adjustment factors
              Less: Withdrawal of statutory surplus reserve                                                       -1,781,424
                      Withdrawal of discretionary surplus reserve
                      Withdrawal of general risk reserve
                      Perpetual bond interests                                                  -183,106            -329,624
                      Dividends payable on ordinary shares                                    -1,092,309          -1,605,109
                      Dividends on ordinary shares converted into share capital
                      Others

              Retained earnings at the end of the period                                     36,148,079           34,625,449
280




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             51.   Operating Income and Operating Costs
                   (1).   Operating income and operating costs
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                              Amount for the current period     Amount for the last period
                           Item                                    Revenue             Cost        Revenue              Cost

                           Principal activities                 210,615,993     187,488,244    193,033,930      169,976,956
                           Other businesses                       1,475,245         666,347      1,227,829          595,403
                           Total                                212,091,238     188,154,591    194,261,759      170,572,359

                           Including: Revenue from
                                         contracts with
                                         customers              211,838,943     187,930,835    194,002,264      170,356,169


                   (2).   Breakdown of operating income and operating costs
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                          Amount for the current period       Amount for the last period
                                                             Operating         Operating        Operating          Operating
                           Item                                income               cost          income                cost

                           Survey, design and
                             consulting services              8,616,131         5,036,186       7,770,636         4,914,619
                           Construction and
                             contracting                   171,970,802        160,042,586     156,714,475       144,983,709
                           Industrial
                             manufacturing                   15,718,103        13,025,351      14,302,988        11,780,265
                           Investment and
                              operation                      14,409,366         9,423,968      12,770,287         6,856,544
                           Other businesses                   1,124,541          402,744        2,443,878         1,821,032

                           Subtotal                        211,838,943        187,930,835     194,002,264       170,356,169


                          Other explanations
                          □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       281




                                                                                            Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       52.   Taxes and Surcharges
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                               Amount for the           Amount for
              Item                                                              current period       the last period

              City maintenance and construction tax                                    143,896             113,922
              Education surcharge                                                      107,980              84,392
              Resource tax                                                              27,559              26,365
              Land appreciation tax                                                      9,144              39,244
              Property tax                                                             156,860             104,951
              Land use tax                                                              59,913              50,695
              Vehicle usage tax                                                          2,272               2,141
              Stamp duty                                                               169,335             147,801
              Others                                                                   115,976             117,795

              Total                                                                    792,935             687,306


       53.   Selling Expenses
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                               Amount for the           Amount for
              Item                                                              current period       the last period

              Employee benefits                                                        376,949             362,688
              Business expenses                                                        291,396             227,237
              Packaging expenses                                                        35,509              42,667
              Travel expenses                                                           69,524              65,276
              Agency fee for commissioned sales                                         28,643              14,736
              Advertising and promotion expense                                         60,276              75,888
              Others                                                                   219,773             214,758

              Total                                                                  1,082,070           1,003,250
282




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             54.   Administrative Expenses
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                        Amount for the        Amount for
                    Item                                                 current period    the last period

                    Employee benefits                                        4,493,401         4,564,609
                    Depreciation and amortization                              776,980           782,438
                    Office and travel expenses                                 296,908           318,699
                    Professional service fee                                   381,456           386,242
                    Rental expenses                                            206,435           225,336
                    Labor cost                                                 221,380           233,099
                    Others                                                     544,103           587,316

                    Total                                                    6,920,663         7,097,739


             55.   Research and Development Expenses
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                        Amount for the        Amount for
                    Item                                                 current period    the last period

                    Research and development material expenses               2,553,775         2,408,845
                    Labor expenses                                           2,372,008         1,904,564
                    Expenses for outsourcing research and development          179,365           236,120
                    Depreciation and amortization                               75,860            66,538
                    Other relevant expenses                                    170,926           206,425

                    Total                                                    5,351,934         4,822,492
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         283




                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       56.   Finance Costs
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Amount for the           Amount for
              Item                                                                current period       the last period

              Interest expense                                                         4,664,524           5,279,267
              Less: Capitalized interest expense                                       1,388,770           1,854,262
              Less: Interest income                                                      731,726             474,573
              Net exchange losses                                                        -15,403            -142,270
              Others                                                                     306,581             245,163

              Total                                                                    2,835,206           3,053,325


       57.   Other Income
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Amount for the           Amount for
              By nature                                                           current period       the last period

              Government grants related to assets                                          9,758              24,017
              Government grants related to income                                        183,745             227,736
              Gains from debt restructuring                                                5,633              16,428
              Refund of commission for withholding individual income tax                  16,273              12,920
              Others                                                                       5,075               2,338

              Total                                                                      220,484             283,439
284




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             58.   Investment Gains
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                         Amount for the        Amount for
                    Item                                                                  current period    the last period

                    Income from long-term equity investments under the equity
                       method                                                                  -328,329          -295,149
                    Investment income from disposal of long-term equity investments                -361           101,166
                    Investment income from holding held-for-trading financial assets            111,479            38,530
                    Investment income on disposal of held-for-trading financial assets              813             -4,214
                    Dividend income from holding other equity instrument
                      investments                                                                45,514            36,577
                    Fund occupation fee charged on non-financial enterprises                     33,491            14,075
                    Gains on derecognition of financial assets at amortized cost                 -15,980              -532
                    Others                                                                      208,599            54,795

                    Total                                                                        55,226           -54,752


             59.   Gains on Changes in Fair Value
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                         Amount for the        Amount for
                    Source of gains on change in fair value                               current period    the last period

                    Financial assets held for trading                                             -5,996              -964

                    Total                                                                         -5,996              -964


             60.   Credit Impairment Losses
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                         Amount for the        Amount for
                    Item                                                                  current period    the last period

                    Bad debts losses                                                           -598,139          -697,037
                    Others                                                                     -108,422          -266,357

                    Total                                                                      -706,561          -963,394
                                                    CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                              285




                                                                                                Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       61.   Assets Impairment Losses
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                           Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Amount for the               Amount for
              Item                                                                current period           the last period

              Inventory depreciation loss                                                 -20,361               -261,287
              Impairment loss of other assets                                            -134,101                 -41,590

              Total                                                                      -154,462               -302,877


       62.   Assets Disposal Gains
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                           Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                        Amount included
                                                                                                         in non-recurring
                                                              Amount for the           Amount for            profit or loss
              Item                                             current period       the last period         for the period

              Gains from disposal of fixed assets                      47,006              86,198                  47,006
              Gains from disposal of intangible assets                    -30               9,787                      -30
              Others                                                    8,347              18,099                   8,347

              Total                                                    55,323             114,084                  55,323


             Other explanation:
             □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
286




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             63.   Non-operating Income
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                               Amount included
                                                                                                                in non-recurring
                                                                     Amount for the             Amount for          profit or loss
                    Item                                              current period         the last period       for the period

                    Government grants (Note)                                   14,172                7,181                14,172
                    Gains from disposal and retirement of non-
                      current assets                                           25,264               42,916                25,264
                    Unpayable amount                                           57,044               43,972                57,044
                    Compensation income and penalty gains                    100,166                76,080              100,166
                    Others                                                     67,076               55,273                67,076

                    Total                                                    263,722               225,422              263,722


                   Note:    Details of government grants included in non-operating income during the period are set out in Note XI
                            to the financial statements.

                   Other explanation:
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

             64.   Non-operating Expenses
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                               Amount included
                                                                                                                in non-recurring
                                                                     Amount for the             Amount for          profit or loss
                    Item                                              current period         the last period       for the period

                    External donations                                          3,635                2,480                 3,635
                    Losses from disposal and retirement of
                      non-current assets                                        5,419                6,386                 5,419
                    Estimated losses on pending litigations                                          3,244
                    Compensation, liquidated damage and
                      penalty expenses                                         54,167               48,856                54,167
                    Others                                                     56,063               44,725                56,063

                    Total                                                    119,284               105,691              119,284
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          287




                                                                                              Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       65.   Income Tax Expenses
             (1).   Income tax expenses statement
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Amount for the             Amount for
                     Item                                                        current period         the last period

                     Current income tax expenses                                       1,983,759            1,706,948
                     Deferred income tax expenses                                       -224,500              -32,514

                     Total                                                             1,759,259            1,674,434


             (2).   Adjusting process for accounting profits and income tax expenses
                    □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                    Other explanation:
                    □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

       66.   Other Comprehensive Income
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

             Details of other comprehensive income, net of tax, are set out in Note VII.47 to the financial statements.

       67.   Items in Statement of Cash Flows
             (1).   Cash related to operating activities
                    Other cash received related to operating activities
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Amount for the             Amount for
                     Item                                                        current period         the last period

                     Government grants                                                   137,539              291,160
                     Others                                                            1,329,389            1,544,596

                     Total                                                             1,466,928            1,835,756
288




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             67.   Items in Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
                   (1).   Cash related to operating activities (Continued)
                          Other cash paid related to operating activities
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Amount for the        Amount for
                           Item                                                   current period    the last period

                           Travel expenses paid                                         772,210           740,923
                           Insurance premiums paid                                      265,734           177,442
                           Utilities and office expenses paid                           575,509           585,952
                           Consulting service fee paid                                  301,761           309,750
                           Communication expenses paid                                   24,924            21,609
                           Repair charge paid                                           140,061           104,975
                           Others                                                     1,563,299         1,689,252

                           Total                                                      3,643,498         3,629,903


                   (2).   Cash related to investment activities
                          Other cash received related to investment activities
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                 Amount for the        Amount for
                           Item                                                   current period    the last period

                           Recovery of borrowings                                     4,049,611         3,685,312
                           Recovery of loans from Finance Company                     2,964,089         3,694,500
                           Recovery of pledged deposits                                  47,486            17,557
                           Recovery of time deposits of more than three months           71,224           726,520
                           Others                                                       196,971             8,434

                           Total                                                      7,329,381         8,132,323
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     289




                                                                                          Financial Report




VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

       67.   Items in Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
             (2).   Cash related to investment activities (Continued)
                    Other cash paid related to investing activities
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                             Amount for the           Amount for
                     Item                                                     current period       the last period

                     Payment of borrowings                                         2,153,374           3,223,130
                     Loans from Finance Company                                    2,858,089           2,361,000
                     Placement of time deposits of more than three months            440,429              70,945
                     Others                                                          199,735             384,975

                     Total                                                         5,651,627           6,040,050


             (3).   Cash related to financing activities
                    Other cash received related to financing activities
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                             Amount for the           Amount for
                     Item                                                     current period       the last period

                     Receipt of borrowings                                         3,191,927             944,996
                     Others                                                          124,495             226,959

                     Total                                                         3,316,422           1,171,955


                    Other cash paid related to financing activities
                    3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                             Amount for the           Amount for
                     Item                                                     current period       the last period

                     Principal repayment of perpetual bonds                        4,000,000           3,000,000
                     Repayment of related party borrowings                         1,552,713           3,235,096
                     Others                                                          937,846             659,502

                     Total                                                         6,490,559           6,894,598
290




      Financial Report




      VII.   NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

             68.   Supplementary Information to the Statement of Cash Flows
                   (1).   Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows
                          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                        Amount for the    Amount for the
                           Supplementary information                                     current period   previous period

                           1. Adjustment of net profit to cash flows of
                                operating activities:
                             Net profit                                                      4,803,032         4,546,121
                             Add: Provision for asset impairment                               154,462          302,877
                             Credit impairment losses                                          706,561          963,394
                             Depreciation of fixed assets, consumption of oil and gas
                               assets, depreciation of productive biological assets          2,838,605         2,453,886
                             Amortisation of intangible assets                               1,641,855         1,039,550
                             Amortisation of long-term prepaid expenses                        138,307          105,385
                             Losses from disposal of fixed assets, intangible assets
                               and other long-term assets (gain represented by “-”)             -55,323         -114,084
                             Losses from retirement of fixed assets (gain represented
                               by “-”)                                                          -19,845          -36,530
                             Losses due to changes in fair value (gain represented
                               by “-”)                                                           5,996               964
                             Financial costs (gain represented by “-”)                       3,260,351         3,282,735
                             Investment losses (gain represented by “-”)                        -55,226           54,752
                             Decrease in deferred income tax assets (increase
                               represented by “-”)                                            -171,989          -141,458
                             Increase in deferred income tax liabilities (decrease
                                represented by “-”)                                             -52,511         108,944
                             Decrease in inventories (increase represented by “-”)           -7,649,072      -14,117,272
                             Decrease in operating receivables (increase represented
                               by “-”)                                                      -26,289,689      -21,289,573
                             Increase in operating payables (decrease represented by
                                “-”)                                                         7,343,593         8,325,312
                             Others
                             Net cash flows generated from operating activities             -13,400,893      -14,514,997
                           2. Major investment and financing activities not
                                involved cash receipts and payments:
                             Conversion of debt to capital
                             Convertible corporate bonds due within one year
                             Financing leased fixed assets
                           3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents:
                             Closing balance of cash                                        79,524,181       65,022,711
                             Less: Opening balance of cash                                  82,101,475       68,136,020
                             Add: Closing balance of cash equivalents
                             Less: Opening balance of cash equivalents
                             Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                       -2,577,294       -3,113,309
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                               291




                                                                                                   Financial Report




VII.    NOTES TO ITEMS IN CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

        68.   Supplementary Information to the Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
              (2).     Composition of cash and cash equivalents
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                        Item                                                           Closing balance     Opening balance

                        I. Cash                                                            79,524,181           82,101,475
                          Including: Cash on hand                                              23,053               18,975
                                     Bank deposits available for payment                   79,501,128           82,082,500
                        II. Cash equivalents
                          Including: Bond investments due within 3 months
                        III. Balance of cash and cash equivalents at the end of the
                               period                                                      79,524,181           82,101,475
                          Including: Restricted cash and cash equivalents used by
                                        the Company or subsidiaries within the
                                        Group



VIII.   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

        1.    By nature
              3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                       Amount for the Amount for the last
               Item                                                                     current period            period

               Research and development material expenses                                   2,553,775            2,408,845
               Labor expenses                                                               2,387,212            1,919,619
               Expenses for outsourcing research and development                              179,365              236,120
               Depreciation and amortization                                                   75,860               66,538
               Other relevant expenses                                                        170,926              206,425

               Total                                                                        5,367,138            4,837,547

               Including: Research and development expenses                                 5,351,934            4,822,492
                          Capitalized research and development expenses                        15,204               15,055
292




      Financial Report




      IX.   CHANGES ON SCOPE OF COMBINATION

            1.   Business Combination Not under Common Control
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 (1).   Business combination not under common control during the period
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                               Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                        Revenue of             Net profit   Cash flows
                                                                                                                                          acquiree           of acquiree    of acquiree
                                                                                                                                          from the              from the       from the
                                                                                  Proportion                                            acquisition          acquisition    acquisition
                                                                       Cost of      of equity Method                                    date to the          date to the    date to the
                                                     Date of equity     equity    acquisition of equity Acquisition Determination basis end of the            end of the     end of the
                         Name of acquiree            acquisition    acquisition           (%) acquisition date      of acquisition date     period                 period         period

                         Henan Songguang Civil  1 June 2025            316,127        51.00 Acquisition 1 June 2025 Transfer of control             23,394         6,037          2,353
                            Explosion Equipment                                               of equity
                            Co., Ltd. (河南省松光民
                            爆器材股份有限公司)
                         Tianmen Tianshun Energy     30 April 2025         302       100.00 Transfer of    30 April 2025 Transfer of control
                             Development Co., Ltd.                                             equity
                             (天門市天順能源開發
                             有限公司)
                         Xiangtan Planning and       31 May 2025       130,305        78.00 Acquisition of 31 May 2025 Transfer of control          15,939           188            298
                             Architectural Design                                             equity
                             Institute Co., Ltd. (湘潭
                             市規劃建築設計院有限
                             責任公司)
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                          293




                                                                                                Financial Report




IX.   CHANGES ON SCOPE OF COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

      1.   Business Combination Not under Common Control (Continued)
           (2).   Combination costs and goodwill
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                            Henan       Tianmen
                                                                      Songguang        Tianshun   Xiangtan Planning
                                                                   Civil Explosion        Energy   and Architectural
                                                                       Equipment    Development      Design Institute
                                                                          Co., Ltd.     Co., Ltd.           Co., Ltd.
                                                                  (河南省松光民爆 (天門市天順能源                  (湘潭市規劃建築
                   Combination costs                             器材股份有限公司)          開發有限公司) 設計院有限責任公司)

                   – Cash                                                 316,127            302              130,305
                   – Fair value of non-cash assets
                   – Fair value of debts issued or assumed
                   – Fair value of equity securities issued
                   – Fair value of contingent consideration
                   – Fair value on the acquisition date of
                       equity held before the acquisition date
                   – Others
                   Combination costs in total                             316,127            302              130,305
                   Less: Fair value of net identifiable assets
                           acquired                                       153,897          -2,878              73,093
                   Differences between goodwill/combination
                     costs and fair value of net identifiable
                     assets acquired                                      162,230           3,180              57,212


                  Determination method of fair value of combination costs:
                  □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                  Fulfillment of performance undertaking:
                  □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                  Major reasons for the formation of significant goodwill:
                  □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
294




      Financial Report




      IX.   CHANGES ON SCOPE OF COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

            1.   Business Combination Not under Common Control (Continued)
                 (3).   Identifiable assets and liabilities of the acquiree on the acquisition date
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                              Xiangtan Planning and Architectural Design
                                                          Henan Songguang Civil Explosion Equipment Tianmen Tianshun Energy Development                   Institute Co., Ltd.
                                                           Co., Ltd. (河南省松光民爆器材股份有限公司)               Co., Ltd. (天門市天順能源開發有限公司)                    (湘潭市規劃建築設計院有限責任公司)
                                                            Fair value on the Carrying amount on     Fair value on the Carrying amount on       Fair value on the Carrying amount on
                         Item                                acquisition date the acquisition date    acquisition date the acquisition date      acquisition date the acquisition date

                         Assets:                                    437,913               288,988            480,803               480,803               154,551               154,551
                           Cash at bank and on hand                  39,895                39,895             27,664                27,664                21,603                21,603
                           Financial assets held for
                               trading                                                                                                                        47                    47
                           Bills receivables                         10,643                10,643                                                            549                   549
                           Trade receivables                         33,949                33,949               2,998                2,998                56,502                56,502
                           Receivables financing                       3,583                3,583
                           Prepayments                                6,956                 6,956                 26                    26
                           Other receivables                         18,811                18,811                201                   201                 6,983                 6,983
                           Inventories                               12,096                10,212
                           Long-term equity investments
                           Other investment in equity
                              instruments                             6,273                   880
                           Other current assets                                                                8,371                 8,371
                           Net fixed assets                         178,298               142,307            434,570               434,570                64,943                64,943
                           Construction in progress                   1,506                 1,506
                           Right-of-use assets                                                                                                               936                   936
                           Intangible assets                        123,644                17,987              5,186                 5,186                 1,368                 1,368
                           Deferred income tax assets                 2,259                 2,259              1,787                 1,787
                           Long-term prepaid expenses                                                                                                      1,620                 1,620
                         Liabilities:                                47,197                47,197            483,681               483,681                60,842                60,842
                           Accounts payable                           8,479                 8,479            101,916               101,916                42,885                42,885
                           Contract liabilities                       1,712                 1,712                                                            287                   287
                           Employee benefits payable                  4,722                 4,722                                                          1,752                 1,752
                           Taxes payable                              7,608                 7,608                116                   116                  -415                  -415
                           Other payables                            17,022                17,022             10,073                10,073                15,317                15,317
                           Other current liabilities                  7,654                 7,654
                           Long-term payables                                                                371,576               371,576
                           Lease liabilities                                                                                                               1,016                 1,016
                           Net assets                               390,716               241,791              -2,878                -2,878               93,709                93,709
                           Less: Minority interests                  88,957                51,725                                                         20,616                20,616

                         Net assets acquired                        301,759               190,066              -2,878                -2,878               73,093                73,093
                                         CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                              295




                                                                                   Financial Report




IX.   CHANGES ON SCOPE OF COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

      2.   Business Combination under Common Control
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

      3.   Counter Purchase
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

      4.   Disposal of Subsidiaries
           Whether there was any transaction or event that results in loss of control over subsidiaries
           during the period
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

           Other explanation:
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

           Whether there are multiple transactions by steps to dispose the investment in subsidiaries
           and loss the control during the period
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

           Other explanation:
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

      5.   Changes in Scope of Consolidation Due to Other Reasons
           Explanation of changes in scope of consolidation due to other reasons (e.g. incorporation of
           new subsidiaries, and liquidation of subsidiaries, etc.) and relevant information:
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

      6.   Others
           □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
296




      Financial Report




      X.   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES

           1.   Equity in Subsidiaries
                (1).   Constitution of enterprise group
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                           Principal place    Registered Place of                                               Shareholding ratio   Method of
                        Name of subsidiary                 of business           capital registration        Nature of business                       (%)            acquisition
                                                                                                                                                 Direct Indirect

                        China Gezhouba Group Company       Hubei Province,     3,415,309 Hubei Province,     Construction, civilian blasting,   100.00               Establishment
                          Limited (中國葛洲壩集團有                  the PRC                       the PRC             cement sales and real estate
                          限公司)                                                                                 development
                        China Power Engineering      Beijing, the PRC          2,097,370 Beijing, the PRC    Survey, design and engineering     100.00               Establishment
                          Consulting Group Co., Ltd.                                                           contract
                          (中國電力工程顧問集團有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Beijing, the PRC        3,888,723 Beijing, the PRC    Equipment manufacturing            100.00               Establishment
                          Equipment Co., Ltd. (中國能建集
                          團裝備有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Tianjin, the PRC        5,000,000 Tianjin, the PRC    Construction and engineering,      100.00               Establishment
                          North Construction and                                                               investment holding
                          Investment Co., Ltd. (中國能源建
                          設集團北方建設投資有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Shanghai, the PRC 5,000,000 Shanghai, the PRC Construction and engineering,              100.00               Establishment
                          Eastern Construction and                                                     investment holding
                          Investment Co., Ltd. (中國能源建
                          設集團華東建設投資有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Guangdong               5,000,000 Guangdong           Construction and engineering,      100.00               Establishment
                          Southern Construction and      Province, the                     Province, the       investment holding
                          Investment Co., Ltd. (中國能源建 PRC                                  PRC
                          設集團南方建設投資有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Shaanxi Province,       2,500,000 Shaanxi Province,   Construction and engineering,      100.00               Establishment
                          Northwest Construction and     the PRC                           the PRC             investment holding
                          Investment Co., Ltd. (中國能源建
                          設集團西北建設投資有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Beijing, the PRC        6,000,000 Beijing, the PRC    Project investment, asset          100.00               Establishment
                          Investment Co., Ltd. (中國能源建                                                           management
                          設集團投資有限公司)
                        China Energy Digital Technology Beijing, the PRC       5,000,000 Beijing, the PRC    Supply chain management,           100.00               Establishment
                          Group Co., Ltd. (中能建數字科技                                                             software development
                          集團有限公司)
                        China Energy International Group   Beijing, the PRC    7,000,000 Beijing, the PRC    General engineering contracting,   100.00               Establishment
                          Co., Ltd. (中能建國際建設集團                                                                 investment operation
                          有限公司)
                                                           CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                  297




                                                                                                                               Financial Report




X.   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

     2.   Interests in the Joint Venture or Associate
          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

          (1).   Significant joint ventures or associates
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                           Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                  Accounting
                                                                                                                                                  treatment for
                                                                                                                                                  investment in
                                                                 Principal place   Place of                                    Shareholding ratio joint venture
                  Name of joint venture or associate             of business       registration        Nature of business            (%)          or associate
                                                                                                                                Direct Indirect

                  Wuhan Gezhouba Longhu Property     Hubei Province,               Hubei Province,     Real estate              50.00             Equity method
                    Development Co., Ltd. (武漢葛洲壩龍湖房地 the PRC                         the PRC             development and
                    產開發有限公司)                                                                             investment
                  Nanjing Gezhouba Urban Underground Space  Jiangsu Province,      Jiangsu Province,   Investment and           70.00             Equity method
                     Comprehensive Construction Development    the PRC                the PRC             operation of
                     Co., Ltd. (南京葛洲壩城市地下空間綜合建設                                                           infrastructure
                     開發有限公司) (Note)
                  Guangzhou Zhenglin Real Estate Development     Guangdong         Guangdong           Real estate              49.00             Equity method
                     Co., Ltd. (廣州市正林房地產開發有限公司)                    Province,         Province,           development and
                                                                   the PRC           the PRC             investment
                  Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi   Shaanxi Province,            Shaanxi Province,   Expressway investment    40.00             Equity method
                     Expressway Co., Ltd. (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高 the PRC                        the PRC             and operation
                     速公路有限公司)
                  Guangxi Gezhouba Tianxi Expressway Co., Ltd.   Guangxi           Guangxi         Expressway investment        40.00             Equity method
                     (廣西葛洲壩田西高速公路有限公司)                             Autonomous        Autonomous      and operation
                                                                   Region, the PRC Region, the PRC
                  Guangdong Gezhouba Zhaoming Expressway         Guangdong         Guangdong           Expressway investment    47.50             Equity method
                     Co., Ltd. (廣東葛洲壩肇明高速公路有限                      Province,         Province,           and operation
                     公司)                                           the PRC           the PRC
                  Beijing Runneng Real Estate Co., Ltd. (北京潤能    Beijing City,     Beijing City,       Real estate              45.00             Equity method
                      置業有限公司)                                      the PRC           the PRC             development and
                                                                                                         investment
                  Xinjiang Gezhouba Dashixia Water Conservancy Xinjiang          Xinjiang        Power operation                49.00             Equity method
                      Project Development Co., Ltd. (新疆葛洲壩大 Autonomous             Autonomous
                      石峽水利樞紐開發有限公司)                              Region, the PRC Region, the PRC
                  Hubei Huangshi Wuyang Expressway    Hubei Province,              Hubei Province,     Expressway investment    49.00             Equity method
                     Development Co., Ltd. (湖北黃石武陽高速公 the PRC                        the PRC             and operation
                     路發展有限公司)


                 Note:    Pursuant to the joint venture agreement, the board of directors of Nanjing Gezhouba Urban
                          Underground Space Comprehensive Construction Development Co., Ltd. (南京葛洲壩城市地下空
                          間綜合建設開發有限公司) comprises three directors, one of whom is appointed by the Company.
                          According to the articles of association of the company, all of its major operating decisions shall be
                          approved by all directors, and the Company and the shareholders of the company jointly control
                          the company. Therefore, the company is accounted for as a joint venture under the equity method.
298




      Financial Report




      X.   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

           2.   Interests in the Joint Venture or Associate (Continued)
                (2).   Main financial information of significant joint ventures
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                 Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                         Closing balance/Amount for the current period     Opening balance/Amount for the last period
                                                                                                                           Nanjing
                                                                                   Nanjing                              Gezhouba
                                                                         Gezhouba Urban                                     Urban
                                                               Wuhan        Underground                               Underground
                                                            Gezhouba                 Space                    Wuhan          Space
                                                               Longhu     Comprehensive    Guangzhou       Gezhouba Comprehensive   Guangzhou
                                                              Property       Construction    Zhenglin Longhu Property Construction     Zhenglin
                                                        Development         Development    Real Estate   Development  Development    Real Estate
                                                        Co., Ltd. (武漢     Co., Ltd. (南京葛 Development Co., Ltd. (武漢 Co., Ltd. (南京   Development
                                                         葛洲壩龍湖房          洲壩城市地下空間 Co., Ltd. (廣州 葛洲壩龍湖房 葛洲壩城市地下 Co., Ltd. (廣州
                                                         地產開發有限            綜合建設開發有 市正林房地產開 地產開發有限 空間綜合建設開 市正林房地產開
                        Item                                      公司)               限公司)   發有限公司)               公司)    發有限公司)       發有限公司)

                        Current assets                      5,361,352           404,367       2,491,287    7,006,488          462,636         2,491,986
                          Including: Cash and cash
                                         equivalents           95,023            37,964         93,568       134,575            65,142           91,490
                        Non-current assets                  1,577,851         10,978,644            46     1,624,114       10,679,998                   51
                        Total assets                        6,939,203         11,383,011      2,491,333    8,630,602       11,142,634         2,492,037
                        Current liabilities                    61,761          2,821,630        41,934     2,091,453         2,784,022           42,849
                        Non-current liabilities             1,900,000          6,377,186                   1,550,000         6,238,504
                        Total liabilities                   1,961,761          9,198,816        41,934     3,641,453         9,022,526           42,849
                        Equity attributable to the
                           shareholders of the parent
                           company                          4,977,442          2,184,195      2,449,399    4,989,149         2,120,108        2,449,188
                        Carrying amount of equity
                           investment in the joint
                           venture                          2,488,721          1,537,028      1,200,205    2,496,535         1,484,248        1,200,102
                        Operating income                      118,960                             1,375      248,681                               9,408
                        Net profit                            -15,629                 -2           211        21,973               -76             1,258
                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                         299




                                                                                                           Financial Report




X.   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

     2.   Interests in the Joint Venture or Associate (Continued)
          (3).   Main financial information of significant associates
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                   Closing balance/Amount for the current period
                                                                                                                Xinjiang
                                                                                                              Gezhouba
                                                                                                                Dashixia        Hubei
                                                Gezhouba        Guangxi     Guangdong                             Water      Huangshi
                                                Yanhuang      Gezhouba       Gezhouba                      Conservancy        Wuyang
                                                   Ningshi         Tianxi     Zhaoming                           Project  Expressway
                                              Expressway     Expressway     Expressway          Beijing   Development Development
                                            Co., Ltd. (陝西    Co., Ltd. (廣   Co., Ltd. (廣 Runneng Real     Co., Ltd. (新疆 Co., Ltd. (湖北
                                             葛洲壩延黃寧          西葛洲壩田西         東葛洲壩肇明          Estate Co.,    葛洲壩大石峽 黃石武陽高速
                                             石高速公路有          高速公路有限         高速公路有限 Ltd. (北京潤能              水利樞紐開發 公路發展有限
                  Item                             限公司)             公司)            公司) 置業有限公司)                 有限公司)              公司)

                  Current assets                2,672,096        403,815       1,285,669      3,179,138        444,857       1,011,945
                  Non-current assets           21,157,535     29,156,962       8,781,072            17       6,154,529      11,254,576
                  Total assets                 23,829,631     29,560,777     10,066,741       3,179,155      6,599,386      12,266,521
                  Current liabilities           2,542,176       1,229,045       232,603         78,887             95,849      24,593
                  Non-current liabilities      16,815,863     21,861,695       6,047,977        18,131       2,249,550       9,737,327
                  Total liabilities            19,358,039     23,090,740       6,280,580        97,018       2,345,399       9,761,920
                  Equity attributable to
                    the shareholders
                    of the parent
                    company                     4,471,592       6,470,037      3,786,161      3,082,137      4,253,987       2,504,601
                  Carrying amount of
                    equity investment
                    in the associate            1,788,786       2,608,006      1,172,620      1,386,961      1,569,481       1,227,453
                  Operating income                139,589         28,504                        71,876                        144,996
                  Net profit                     -256,637        234,977              8         10,293                            516
300




      Financial Report




      X.   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

           2.   Interests in the Joint Venture or Associate (Continued)
                (3).   Main financial information of significant associates (Continued)
                       (Continued)

                                                                              Opening balance/Amount for the last period
                                                                                                                           Xinjiang
                                                                                                                        Gezhouba           Hubei
                                                      Gezhouba          Guangxi      Guangdong                      Dashixia Water     Huangshi
                                                      Yanhuang        Gezhouba         Gezhouba                       Conservancy        Wuyang
                                                         Ningshi           Tianxi      Zhaoming                             Project  Expressway
                                                     Expressway      Expressway       Expressway        Beijing      Development Development
                                                  Co., Ltd. (陝西     Co., Ltd. (廣     Co., Ltd. (廣 Runneng Real      Co., Ltd. (新疆 Co., Ltd. (湖北
                                                  葛洲壩延黃寧           西葛洲壩田西           東葛洲壩肇明 Estate Co., Ltd.          葛洲壩大石峽 黃石武陽高速
                                                  石高速公路有           高速公路有限           高速公路有限 (北京潤能置業                   水利樞紐開發 公路發展有限
                        Item                             限公司)              公司)              公司)      有限公司)               有限公司)              公司)

                        Current assets                1,203,910         423,613        1,388,021       3,476,897            465,717     1,107,972
                        Non-current assets          21,590,678       28,757,437        7,832,368              197          5,846,045   10,840,158
                        Total assets                22,794,588       29,181,050        9,220,389       3,477,094           6,311,762   11,948,130
                        Current liabilities           1,180,961       1,312,184          320,872         333,989            126,408       21,004
                        Non-current liabilities     16,870,550       21,605,053        5,266,307          16,127           1,999,140    9,502,281
                        Total liabilities           18,051,511       22,917,237        5,587,179         350,116           2,125,548    9,523,285
                        Equity attributable to
                          the shareholders
                          of the parent
                          company                     4,743,077       6,263,813        3,633,210       3,126,978           4,186,214    2,424,845
                        Carrying amount of
                          equity investment
                          in the associate            1,897,468       2,525,517        1,127,360       1,407,140           1,510,595    1,188,050
                        Operating income               158,618           33,580            4,257                                          95,932
                        Net profit                     -264,788         162,765              722           -1,087                          -3,149


           3.   Interests in Structured Entities not Included in the Scope of Consolidated Financial
                Statements
                1.     Explanation on structured entities not included in the scope of consolidated financial
                       statements:
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                       As at 30 June 2025, the structured entities associated with the Company but not included in
                       the scope of the Company’s consolidated financial statements were primarily engaged in the
                       business of investment operations and infrastructure construction. As at 30 June 2025, the total
                       issue size of these structured entities was RMB101,285,086,000. Among them, the subscription
                       amount of the Company was approximately RMB40,062,934,000, and the actual subscription
                       amount paid by the Company was approximately RMB14,440,035,000, which were accounted
                       for as long-term equity investment, other non-current financial assets or other equity instrument
                       investments respectively. The Company’s maximum risk exposure in these structured entities at
                       the end of each year was the amount of capital contributed by the Company as of the end of
                       each year. The Company has no obligation or intention to provide financial support to these
                       structured entities.
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED               2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                    301




                                                                                                       Financial Report




X.    EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

      3.   Interests in Structured Entities not Included in the Scope of Consolidated Financial
           Statements (Continued)
           2.       Asset-backed securities issued
                    The Company issued certain asset-backed securities, and the Company held some subordinate
                    tranche of the relevant asset-backed securities. As of 30 June 2025, the subordinated tranche
                    of the above asset-backed securities held by the Company was RMB207,000,000, which were
                    accounted for as other non-current financial assets or investment in other equity instruments.
                    The Company undertakes liquidity replenishment obligations for the principal and fixed income
                    of some of the above senior asset-backed securities. Since the Company only holds some inferior
                    tranche, and the possibility of undertaking liquidity supplement in the future is evaluated to be
                    low, these special plans and trusts are not included in the scope of combination of the Company.

XI.   GOVERNMENT GRANTS

      1.   Items of Liabilities Involving Government Grants
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                Amount
                                                               included
                                                                 in non-   Transferred
                                             Additions of     operating       to other         Other
            Item of financial       Opening    grants for   income for     income for    changes for    Closing     Related to
               statement             balance  the period     the period     the period    the period    balance     assets/income

            Deferred income          459,183       7,105           472          9,758                   456,058     Related to
                                                                                                                     assets
            Deferred income          279,417      48,706                       64,548                   263,575     Related to
                                                                                                                     income

            Total                    738,600      55,811           472         74,306                   719,633     /


      2.   Government Grant Included in Current Profit and Loss
           3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                         Amount for the              Amount for
            Type                        Item                                              current period          the last period

            Income-related              Amount of government grants                              193,503                251,753
                                         included in other income
            Income-related              Amount of government grants                               14,172                   7,181
                                         included in non-operating income

            Total                                                                                207,675                258,934
302




      Financial Report




      XII.   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

             1.   Risks of Financial Instruments
                  3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                  The Company aims to seek balance between the risks and benefits, minimize negative impact of risks
                  on the operating performance of the Company, and maximize the interests of shareholders and other
                  equity investors. Based on such risk management objective, the basic strategy of the Company’s risk
                  management is to identify and analyze various risks faced by the Company, establish appropriate risk
                  tolerance bottom line and carry out risk management, supervise various risks in a timely and reliable
                  manner, and control risks within limited range.

                  The Company faces various risks related to financial instruments in daily activities, mainly including credit
                  risk, liquidity risk and market risk. The management has reviewed and approved policies to manage
                  these risks, which are summarized below.

                  (I)    Credit Risk
                         Credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the
                         other party by failing to discharge an obligation.

                         1.      Credit risk management practices
                                 (1)    Credit risk assessment method
                                        The Company assesses whether or not the credit risk of the relevant financial
                                        instruments has increased significantly since the initial recognition on each balance
                                        sheet date. While determining whether the credit risk has significantly increased
                                        since initial recognition or not, the Company takes into account the reasonable
                                        and substantiated information that is accessible without exerting unnecessary cost
                                        or effort, including qualitative and quantitative analysis based on the historical
                                        data, external credit risk rating and forward-looking information. Based on the
                                        single financial instrument or the combination of financial instruments with similar
                                        characteristics of credit risk, the Company compares the risk of default of financial
                                        instruments on the balance sheet date with that on the initial recognition date in
                                        order to figure out the changes of default risk in the expected lifetime of financial
                                        instruments.

                                        The Company considers a financial instrument to have experienced a significant
                                        increase in credit risk when one or more of the following quantitative and
                                        qualitative criteria have been met:

                                        1)      Quantitative criteria are mainly that the probability of default of the
                                                remaining duration of the balance sheet date rises by more than a certain
                                                proportion compared with the initial recognition;

                                        2)      Qualitative criteria include major adverse changes in the debtor’s business
                                                or financial situation, existing or forecast changes in the technological,
                                                market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
                                                effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Company.
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED        2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                         303




                                                                                            Financial Report




XII.   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

       1.   Risks of Financial Instruments (Continued)
            (I)   Credit Risk (Continued)
                  1.    Credit risk management practices (Continued)
                        (2)    Definition of default and credit-impaired assets
                               When a financial instrument meets one or more of the following conditions,
                               the Company considers the financial asset to be in default, and the criteria are
                               consistent with the definition of credit-impaired assets:

                               1)      Major financial difficulties occur to the debtor;

                               2)      The debtor breaches the restrictive clauses on the debtor under the contract;

                               3)      The debtor is likely to go bankrupt or undergo other financial restructuring;

                               4)      The creditor gives the debtor concessions in no other case for economic
                                       or contractual considerations related to the debtor’s financial difficulties.

                  2.    Measurement of expected credit losses
                        The key parameters for the measurement of expected credit losses include default
                        probability, default loss rate and default risk exposure. Considering the quantitative
                        analysis and forward-looking information of historical statistical data (such as counterparty
                        ratings, guarantees and collateral types, repayment methods), the Company establishes
                        a default probability, default loss rate and default risk exposure model.

                        The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each
                        financial asset in the balance sheet. Save for the financial guarantees given by the
                        Company as set out in Note XV in the financial report, the Company does not provide
                        any other guarantees which would expose the Company to credit risk. The maximum
                        exposure to credit risk for the above financial guarantees on the balance sheet date is
                        disclosed in Note XV in the financial report.

                        The Company’s credit risk is primarily attributable to cash at bank and on hand, accounts
                        receivable, contract assets and other receivables. Exposure to these credit risks is monitored
                        by management on an ongoing basis. In order to control the above related risks, the
                        Company has taken the following measures:

                        (1)    Cash at bank and on hand
                               The Company places bank deposits and other monetary capital in financial
                               institutions with high credit ratings, as a result of which its credit risks are low.
304




      Financial Report




      XII.   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

             1.   Risks of Financial Instruments (Continued)
                  (I)    Credit Risk (Continued)
                         2.    Measurement of expected credit losses (Continued)
                               (2)    Accounts receivable and contract assets
                                      Since the Company’s risk exposure to account receivables and contract assets are
                                      from many partners and customers, as of 30 June 2025, 4.00% of the Company’s
                                      accounts receivable and contract assets were due from the five largest customers
                                      by advances, the Company exposed no significant concentrations of credit risk.

                                       The maximum credit risk exposed to the Company was the carrying amount of
                                       each financial asset in the balance sheet.

                                       The Company measures the provision for impairment of accounts receivable
                                       and contract assets based on the lifetime ECL. According to the historical credit
                                       loss experience of the Company, different types of customers have different loss
                                       patterns. Therefore, the impairment provision based on the past arrears status is
                                       further divided into central enterprises directly supervised by the SASAC, state-
                                       owned enterprises and local governments as well as private enterprises and others
                                       according to the characteristics of common credit risk, and each type of customer
                                       has different expected loss rate. For BOT project payment, the main customers
                                       include national, provincial and local government agencies with reliable and good
                                       reputation. The credit risk of such customers is relatively low, and the Company
                                       considers the amount of default losses to be limited with reference to the market
                                       value of relevant items.

                                       For details of accounts receivable and contract assets, please refer to relevant
                                       disclosures in Note VII.4, Note VII.5 and Note VII.24.

                                (3)    Other receivables and loans to customers
                                       For the capital lent by the Company to associates and fellow subsidiaries, the
                                       Company considers the amount of default losses to be limited with reference to
                                       the estimated market value of relevant real estate projects and toll road projects.
                                       For other receivables, the Company determines the possibility of default within
                                       12 months and the entire duration based on historical data and measures the
                                       credit risk provision, and makes adjustment based on debtor-specific factors and
                                       assessment of current and expected general economic condition.

                  (II)   Liquidity Risk
                         Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company will encounter shortage of funds in meeting
                         obligations that are settled by delivering cash or other financial assets. The Company monitors
                         and maintains a certain level of cash balances and sufficient undrawn bank facilities considered
                         by the management to meet the Company’s operating needs and reduce the impact of cash
                         flow fluctuations. The management monitors the use of bank borrowings and bills payable and
                         ensures compliance with the borrowing contracts.
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                      2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                             305




                                                                                                             Financial Report




XII.   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

       1.   Risks of Financial Instruments (Continued)
            (II)   Liquidity Risk (Continued)
                   Classification of financial liabilities based on the remaining maturity
                                                                        Amount at the end of the period
                                                                                              More than        More than
                                                            Undiscounted                      1 year but      2 years but
                                              Carrying        contractual         Within       less than        less than           Over
                    Item                       amount            amount           1 year         2 years          5 years         5 years

                    Short-term loans        56,802,333        58,506,403      58,506,403
                    Receipts of deposits     3,608,956          3,717,225      3,717,225
                    Bills payable           18,933,019        18,933,019      18,933,019
                    Accounts payable       199,891,671       199,891,671     199,891,671
                    Other payables          69,959,612        69,959,612      69,959,612
                    Long-term borrowings   230,336,670       254,622,143      20,550,468     33,576,180       72,288,095      128,207,400
                    Bonds payable           20,033,509        20,590,736       1,459,306     19,131,430
                    Lease liabilities        3,028,052          3,740,892        461,153         385,484          484,599       2,409,656
                    Long-term payables       4,080,377          4,259,548        911,252       2,322,530          524,788        500,978

                    Subtotal               606,674,199       634,221,249     374,390,109     55,415,624       73,297,482      131,118,034


                                                                        Amount at the end of the previous year
                                                             Undiscounted                    More than 1      More than 2
                                                 Carrying      contractual                   year but less   years but less
                    Item                         amount           amount     Within 1 year   than 2 years     than 5 years    Over 5 years

                    Short-term loans          40,192,548      41,398,324      41,398,324
                    Receipts of deposits       3,528,424        3,634,276      3,634,276
                    Bills payable             16,795,080      16,795,080      16,795,080
                    Accounts payable         188,538,218     188,538,218     188,538,218
                    Other payables            69,197,532       69,197,532     69,197,532
                    Long-term borrowings     212,519,068     241,741,409      20,094,735     32,101,248       71,396,203      118,149,223
                    Bonds payable             15,702,373       16,604,765       1,796,061    14,808,704
                    Lease liabilities          3,275,374        3,704,657        725,467         402,396          636,952       1,939,842
                    Long-term payables         5,336,339        5,663,545       2,894,591      1,434,219          646,366        688,369

                    Subtotal                 555,084,956     587,277,806     345,074,284     48,746,567       72,679,521      120,777,434
306




      Financial Report




      XII.   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

             1.   Risks of Financial Instruments (Continued)
                  (III)   Market Risk
                          Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
                          fluctuate due to changes in market prices. Market risk mainly includes interest rate risk and
                          foreign exchange risk.

                          1.     Interest rate risk
                                 Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument
                                 will fluctuate due to changes in market interest rates. Interest-bearing financial instruments
                                 at fixed rates and at floating rates expose the Company to fair value interest rate risk
                                 and cash flow interest rate risk, respectively. The Company determines the appropriate
                                 weightings of the fixed and floating rate interest-bearing financial instruments based on
                                 the current market conditions and performs regular reviews and monitoring to maintain
                                 an appropriate mix of financial instruments. The Company’s exposure to the cash flow
                                 interest rate risk mainly relates to the Company’s bank borrowings with floating interest
                                 rate.

                                 As of 30 June 2025, the Company’s borrowings with interest accrued at floating interest
                                 rate totaled RMB207,950,195,000. Assuming that interest rates had been 50 basis points
                                 higher/lower and all other variables were held constant, there will be no significant impact
                                 on the Company’s total profit and shareholders’ interests.

                          2.     Foreign exchange risk
                                 Foreign currency risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial
                                 instrument will fluctuate due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The foreign exchange
                                 risk exposed to the Company mainly comes from foreign currency assets and liabilities
                                 such as monetary funds, accounts receivable, accounts payable and bank borrowings
                                 denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. The management manages
                                 and monitors this risk to ensure appropriate action is taken in a timely and effective
                                 manner.

                                 The Company’s exposure to foreign exchange risk of assets or liabilities denominated in
                                 foreign currencies as at 30 June are shown in Renminbi, translated using the spot rate
                                 on the balance sheet date. Differences resulting from the translation of foreign currency
                                 financial statements are excluded.
                                           CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                307




                                                                                     Financial Report




XII.   RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

       2.   Hedging
            (1).   The Company conducts hedging business for risk management
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Other explanation
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (2).   The Company conducts qualified hedging business and applies hedge accounting
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Other explanation
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (3).   The Company conducts hedging business for risk management and expects to achieve
                   the risk management objectives but has not applied hedge accounting
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Other explanation
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

       3.   Transfer of financial assets
            (1).   Classification of transfer methods
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (2).   Financial assets derecognized due to transfer
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (3).   Transferred financial assets with continuing involvement
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                   Other explanation
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
308




      Financial Report




      XIII.   FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURE

              1.   Closing Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                         Fair value at the end of the period
                                                              Level 1            Level 2          Level 3
                                                           fair value         fair value       fair value
                    Item                                measurement        measurement      measurement               Total

                    Fair value measurement on a
                      recurring basis
                      1. Held-for-trading financial
                          assets                                20,693                            100,216          120,909
                      2. Other non-current financial
                          assets                                                               13,976,078       13,976,078
                      3. Receivables financing                                                  1,251,453        1,251,453
                      4. Other investment in equity
                          instruments                         234,263                           2,360,369        2,594,632
                    Total assets measured at fair
                      value on a recurring basis              254,956                          17,688,116       17,943,072


              2.   Basis for Determining Market Price of Level 1 Fair Value Measurement Items on a Recurring
                   or Non-recurring Basis
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is determined based on quoted market
                   prices on each balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted price is readily and regularly
                   available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry insider, pricing service or regulatory agency, and
                   this price represents quoted price of actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s
                   length basis.

              3.   Level 3 Fair Value Measurement Items on a Recurring or Non-recurring Basis, Valuation
                   Techniques Used and Qualitative and Quantitative Information of Important Parameters
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                   The dedicated team of the Company is responsible for valuing the assets and liabilities measured at
                   Level 3 fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis. The team reports directly to the management.
                   The team prepares a valuation report on analysis of changes in fair value measurements at the middle
                   and end of each year which is reviewed and approved by the management. At the middle and end of
                   each year, the team discusses valuation process and results with the management.
                                                                                      CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                                                   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                309




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report




XIII.   FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURE (CONTINUED)

        4.   Level 3 Fair Value Measurement Items on a Recurring Basis, Reconciliation Information
             Between Opening and Closing Carrying Amount and Sensitivity Analysis of Unobservable
             Parameters
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                        Total gains or losses for the year                Purchase, issue, sel and settle                          For assets held and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   liabilities assumed at
                                                                                                                            Included in                                                                            the end of the year,
                                                                                                                                  other                                                                            unrealized gains or losses
                                                                           Transfer into Transfer out Included in        comprehensive                                                                  Closing    for the year included in
              Item                                     Opening balance           Level 3 of Level 3 profit or loss              income         Purchase         Issue             Sel       Settle      balance    profit Item or loss

              Assets
              Including: Held-for-trading financial
                           assets                             400,303                                             1                           9,712,568                  -10,012,656                    100,216    1
                         Other non-current financial
                             assets                        12,998,218                                                                         1,173,535                     -195,675                  13,976,078
                         Receivables financing              1,088,616                                                                          162,837                                                 1,251,453   N/A
                         Other equity instrument
                             investment                     2,321,318                                                              1,125        38,347                           -421                  2,360,369   N/A

              Total                                        16,808,455                                             1                1,125 11,087,287                      -10,208,752                  17,688,116   1



XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

        1.   Parent of the Company
             3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                            Shareholding                       Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                                           percentage of                      voting right of
                                                                         Place of                 Nature of                                  Registered                 the parent to the                   the parent to the
              Name of the parent                                         registration             business                                      capital                     Company (%)                         Company (%)

              China Energy Engineering Group Beijing                                              Construction and                           26,000,000                                     45.21                              45.21
                Co., Ltd. (中國能源建設集團                                                                 contracting
                有限公司)
310




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company
               For details of significant joint ventures or associates of the Company, please refer to the Note X.2(1)

               3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

               Information for other joint ventures and associates which form balance through related party transaction
               with the Company during the current or previous periods

               3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Relationship with
                Name of the joint venture or associate                                              the Company

                Chongqing Gexing Construction Co., Ltd.                                             Associate
                  (重慶市葛興建設有限公司)
                Chongqing Jiangqi Highway Co., Ltd.                                                 Associate
                  (重慶江綦高速公路有限公司)
                Chongqing Gezhouba Sunac Shenda Properties Co., Ltd.                                Associate
                  (重慶葛洲壩融創深達置業有限公司)
                Chongqing Gezhouba Sunac Jinyu Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                Associate
                  (重慶葛洲壩融創金裕置業有限公司)
                Chongqing Gening Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
                  (重慶葛寧房地產開發有限公司)
                China Energy Engineering Southern Construction and Investment (Nanxiong)            Associate
                  Environmental Investment and Operation Co., Ltd.
                  (中能建南方建投(南雄)環保投資運營有限公司)
                China Energy Engineering Helujian (Fengtai) Investment and Construction Co., Ltd.   Associate
                  (中能建合路建(鳳台)投資建設有限公司)
                China Energy Engineering (Mianchi) Investment & Construction Co., Ltd.              Associate
                  (中能建(澠池)投資建設有限公司)
                China Energy Engineering (Jinxiang) Construction and Development Co., Ltd.          Associate
                  (中能建(金鄉)建設發展有限公司)
                China Coal Green Energy (Ludian) New Energy Co., Ltd.                               Associate
                  (中煤綠能(魯甸)新能源有限公司)
                Zhongge Yongmao (Suzhou) Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                          Associate
                  (中葛永茂(蘇州)房地產開發有限公司)
                Zhongge (Luohe) Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
                  (中葛(漯河)建設工程有限公司)
                Zhangjiajie Yongli Civil Explosive Co., Ltd.                                        Associate
                  (張家界永利民爆有限責任公司)
                Yunnan China Resources Power (Honghe) Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
                  (雲南華潤電力(紅河)有限公司)
                CHINH THANG WIND POWER COMPANY LIMITED                                              Associate
                 (越南正勝風電有限責任公司)
                Yueyang Three Gorges Water Environment Comprehensive Treatment Co., Ltd.            Associate
                  (岳陽市三峽水環境綜合治理有限責任公司)
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                    311




                                                                                         Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                             Relationship with
          Name of the joint venture or associate                                             the Company

          Yueyang Three Gorges Phase II Water Environment Comprehensive Treatment Co., Ltd. Associate
            (岳陽市三峽二期水環境綜合治理有限責任公司)
          Yiyang Yilian Civil Explosive Equipment Co., Ltd                                   Associate
            (益陽益聯民用爆破器材有限公司)
          Yan’an Gezhouba Shaanxi Construction East Ring Expressway Co., Ltd.                Associate
            (延安葛洲壩陝建東繞城高速公路有限公司)
          Xinxian Xin’e Transportation and Construction Co., Ltd.                            Associate
            (新縣新鄂交通建設有限公司)
          Xinjiang Haoyuan Water Supply Co. Ltd.                                             Associate
            (新疆浩源供水有限公司)
          Xinjiang Gezhouba Qiaobate Water Conservancy Project Development Co., Ltd.         Associate
            (新疆葛洲壩喬巴特水利樞紐工程開發有限公司)
          Xi’an Zihong Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.                             Associate
             (西安紫弘科技產業發展有限公司)
          Wuhan China Resources Land Gezhouba Real Estate Co., Ltd.                          Associate
           (武漢華潤置地葛洲壩置業有限公司)
          Wuhan Urban Area Ring Line North Section Investment Management Co., Ltd.           Associate
           (武漢都市區環線北段投資管理有限公司)
          Wushen Banner Beilong Highway Construction and Development Co., Ltd.               Associate
           (烏審旗北龍公路建設發展有限公司)
          Taixing Bohui Environmental Protection Technology Development Co., Ltd.            Associate
            (泰興博惠環保科技發展有限公司)
          Sichuan Qinxuan Construction Project Management Co., Ltd.                          Associate
             (四川秦宣建設項目管理有限公司)
          Sichuan Huajinzhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                           Associate
             (四川華錦洲置業有限公司)
          Shihezi Tianfu Electric Power Design Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
            (石河子市天富電力設計有限公司)
          China Nuclear Power Design Co., Ltd. (Shenzhen)                                    Associate
            (深圳中廣核工程設計有限公司)
          Shenzhen Nuode Baozhong Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                      Associate
            (深圳諾德寶中置業有限責任公司)
          Shenneng (Huazhou) New Energy Co., Ltd.                                            Associate
            (深能(化州)新能源有限公司)
          Shaoyang Baolian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.                               Associate
            (邵陽市寶聯民爆器材有限責任公司)
          Shaodong Sankai Civil Explosive Equipment Co., Ltd.                                Associate
            (邵東市三凱民爆器材有限公司)
          Shanghai China Resources Yueneng Real Estate Co., Ltd.                             Associate
            (上海華潤樾能置業有限公司)
          Shaanxi Guanhuan Linfa Expressway Co., Ltd.                                        Associate
            (陝西關環麟法高速公路有限公司)
312




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                                   Relationship with
                Name of the joint venture or associate                                             the Company

                Shandong Gezhouba Zaohe Expressway Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
                  (山東葛洲壩棗菏高速公路有限公司)
                Shandong Gezhouba Yunjuan Expressway Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
                  (山東葛洲壩鄆鄄高速公路有限公司)
                Shandong Gezhouba Judan Expressway Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
                  (山東葛洲壩巨單高速公路有限公司)
                Shandong Gezhouba Jitai Expressway Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
                  (山東葛洲壩濟泰高速公路有限公司)
                Xiamen Dingxiangsheng Industrial Construction and Development Co., Ltd.            Associate
                  (廈門鼎翔盛產業建設發展有限公司)
                Three Gorges Riqing Maoping River Ecological Treatment (Zigui) Co., Ltd.           Associate
                  (三峽日清茅坪河生態治理(秭歸)有限公司)
                Pingtan Emerging Industrial Park Development Co., Ltd.                             Associate
                   (平潭新興產業園開發有限公司)
                Panzhou Hongcai Gezhouba Project Management Co., Ltd.                              Associate
                  (盤州市宏財葛洲壩項目管理有限公司)
                Nengjian Era New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
                  (能建時代新能源科技有限公司)
                Nanjing Yuexin Decoration Management Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
                  (南京悅欣裝飾管理有限公司)
                Southern Construction and Investment Xingtai Landscape Construction Co., Ltd.      Associate
                  (南方建投邢台園林建設有限公司)
                Meishan Jinhengde Weikang Cultural and Creative Tourism Development Co., Ltd.      Associate
                 (眉山金恒德維康文創旅遊發展有限公司)
                Loudi Loulian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
                  (婁底市婁聯民爆器材有限公司)
                Leiyang Taiping Wind Power Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                  (耒陽太平風電有限公司)
                Jincheng Green Water Ecological Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.              Associate
                   (晉城市綠水源生態建設投資有限責任公司)
                Jinxiang Northern Municipal Construction and Development Co., Ltd.                 Associate
                   (金鄉北方城市建設發展有限公司)
                Jiangsu Yanfu Yinbao New Energy Co., Ltd.                                          Associate
                   (江蘇鹽阜銀寶新能源有限公司)
                Jianghu County Guoyuan New Energy Development Co., Ltd.                            Associate
                   (建湖縣國源新能源開發有限公司)
                Jixi China Energy Engineering Zhonglu High-altitude Wind Energy Power Generation   Associate
                   Co., Ltd.
                   (績溪中能建中路高空風能發電有限公司)
                Jining-Shangqiu Expressway (Jining) Co., Ltd.                                      Associate
                   (濟商高速公路(濟寧)有限公司)
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      313




                                                                                          Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                               Relationship with
          Name of the joint venture or associate                                               the Company

          Jining-Shangqiu Expressway (Heze) Co., Ltd.                                          Associate
             (濟商高速公路(菏澤)有限公司)
          Jining Liaohe Oriental Ecological Construction and Development Co., Ltd.             Associate
             (濟寧蓼河東方生態建設開發有限公司)
          Jinan Licheng District Quanfuhe Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                 Associate
             (濟南市曆城區全福河投資開發有限公司)
          Huaibei Zhengtai Electricity Development Co., Ltd.                                   Associate
            (淮北正泰電力發展有限公司)
          Huaihua Wulian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.                                   Associate
            (懷化市物聯民爆器材有限公司)
          Huage Nengrong (Shenzhen) Expressway Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)    Associate
            (華葛能融(深圳)高速公路投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
          Hunan Changsha Xinneng Property Investment and Development Co., Ltd.                 Associate
            (湖南長沙鑫能置業投資發展有限公司)
          Hunan Tianxin Chengye Urban Renewal Investment and Development Co., Ltd.             Associate
            (湖南天新成業城市更新投資發展有限公司)
          Hunan Xinxin Zhangguan Expressway Construction and Development Co., Ltd.             Associate
            (湖南省新新張官高速公路建設開發有限公司)
          Hunan Quanhong Xiangxin Technology Co., Ltd.                                         Associate
            (湖南全紅湘芯科技有限公司)
          Hunan Lenercom Technology Co., Ltd.                                                  Associate
            (湖南能創科技有限責任公司)
          Hunan Hongxinda Logistics Co., Ltd.                                                  Associate
            (湖南鴻欣達物流有限公司)
          Hunan Hongkeda Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
            (湖南紅科達設備製造有限公司)
          Hunan Gening Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                                       Associate
            (湖南葛寧房地產開發有限公司)
          Hunan Fuxin Science and Technology Co., Ltd.                                         Associate
            (湖南斧欣科技有限責任公司)
          Hunan Bai’an Fire Protection Technology Co., Ltd.                                    Associate
            (湖南百安消防科技有限公司)
          Hubei Wutian Expressway Investment and Construction Co., Ltd.                        Associate
            (湖北武天高速投資建設有限公司)
          Hubei Energy Group Luotian Pingtaiyuan Pumped Storage Co., Ltd.                      Associate
            (湖北能源集團羅田平坦原抽水蓄能有限公司)
          Hubei Jiaotou Wujingyi Expressway Co., Ltd.                                          Associate
            (湖北交投武荊宜高速公路有限公司)
          Hengxian Jiangnan Power Generation Co., Ltd.                                         Associate
            (橫縣江南發電有限公司)
          Heilongjiang Tiefang Expressway Investment and Construction Co., Ltd.                Associate
            (黑龍江省鐵方高速公路投資建設有限公司)
314




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                                  Relationship with
                Name of the joint venture or associate                                            the Company

                Henan Gezhouba Shangdu Water Ecological Development Co., Ltd.                     Associate
                  (河南葛洲壩商都水生態開發有限公司)
                Hebei Chengke Expressway Co., Ltd.                                                Associate
                  (河北承克高速公路有限公司)
                Hangzhou Longyu Investment Management Co., Ltd.                                   Associate
                  (杭州龍譽投資管理有限公司)
                Hanjiang Nengjian Xiangyang New Energy Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
                  (漢江能建襄陽新能源有限公司)
                Hainan Haikong China Energy Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.                    Associate
                  (海南海控中能建工程有限公司)
                Hainan Geruimei Industrial Co., Ltd.                                              Associate
                  (海南葛瑞美實業有限公司)
                Haikou Jiangdong Xinju Third Property Co., Ltd.                                   Associate
                  (海口江東新居第叁置業有限公司)
                Sinopharm Group Xi’an Bio-Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.                                 Associate
                   (國藥集團西安生物製藥有限公司)
                Guizhou China Energy Construction Nahe Expressway Co., Ltd.                       Associate
                  (貴州中能建納赫高速公路有限公司)
                Guizhou Xiangnengjing Intelligent Environmental Protection Technology Co., Ltd.   Associate
                  (貴州湘能淨智能環保科技有限公司)
                Guizhou Liu’an Expressway Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                  (貴州省六安高速公路有限公司)
                Guizhou Naqing Expressway Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
                  (貴州納晴高速公路有限公司)
                Guangxi Zeyuan Environmental Water Affairs Co., Ltd.                              Associate
                  (廣西澤源環保水務有限公司)
                Guangxi Ruidong Investments Limited                                               Associate
                  (廣西瑞東投資有限公司)
                Guangxi Quanguan Expressway Co., Ltd.                                             Associate
                  (廣西全灌高速公路有限公司)
                Guangxi Hengqin Expressway Co., Ltd.                                              Associate
                  (廣西橫欽高速公路有限公司)
                Guangxi Hezhou Hewei Civil Explosive Supplies Sales Co., Ltd.                     Associate
                  (廣西賀州市賀威民用爆炸物品銷售有限責任公司)
                Guangxi Hechi Yizhou Donglin Mining Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
                  (廣西河池宜州東林礦業有限公司)
                Guangxi Bagui Civil Blasting Equipment Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
                  (廣西八桂民用爆破器材有限責任公司)
                Guangdong Shenzhen-Dalian Intercity Railway Co., Ltd.                             Associate
                  (廣東深大城際鐵路有限公司)
                Guangdong Jiangmen Hengguang New Energy Co., Ltd.                                 Associate
                  (廣東江門恒光新能源有限公司)
                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     315




                                                                                         Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                              Relationship with
          Name of the joint venture or associate                                              the Company

          Guangdong Jiangmen Hengguang Phase II New Energy Co., Ltd.                          Associate
            (廣東江門恒光二期新能源有限公司)
          Gezhouba Explosive Hulunbeier Civil Explosives Co., Ltd.                            Associate
            (葛洲壩易普力呼倫貝爾民爆有限公司)
          Gezhouba Water (Yantai) Co., Ltd.                                                   Associate
            (葛洲壩水務(煙台)有限公司)
          Gezhouba Runming (Wuhan) Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                          Associate
            (葛洲壩潤明(武漢)房地產開發有限公司)
          Gezhouba Huaihe Development Co., Ltd.                                               Associate
            (葛洲壩淮河發展有限公司)
          Gezhouba (Tangshan) Fengnan Investment and Construction Co., Ltd.                   Associate
            (葛洲壩(唐山)豐南投資建設有限公司)
          Gezhouba (Luzhou) Yangtze River Sixth Bridge Investment Co., Ltd.                   Associate
            (葛洲壩(瀘州)長江六橋投資有限公司)
          Gekuangli Nanjing Property Development Co. Ltd.                                     Associate
            (葛礦利南京房地產開發有限公司)
          Gecheng (Nanjing) Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                                 Associate
            (葛城(南京)房地產開發有限公司)
          Gaoping Huakang Engineering Construction Co., Ltd.                                  Associate
            (高平市華康工程建設有限公司)
          Fuyang Gezhouba Guozhen Water Environment Treatment Investment Construction         Associate
            Co., Ltd.
            (阜陽葛洲壩國禎水環境治理投資建設有限公司)
          Fujian Water Investment Group Xiapu Ecological Environment Co., Ltd.                Associate
            (福建水投集團霞浦生態環境有限責任公司)
          Datang Xuanwei Hydropower Development Co., Ltd.                                     Associate
            (大唐宣威水電開發有限公司)
          Chizhou Runneng New Energy Co., Ltd.                                                Associate
            (池州潤能新能源有限公司)
          Beijing Energy Industry Internet Research Institute Co., Ltd.                       Associate
            (北京能源工業互聯網研究院有限公司)
          Beijing Jinlong Times Investment Co., Ltd.                                          Associate
            (北京津隆時代投資有限公司)
          Beijing Franshion Gezhouba Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                        Associate
            (北京方興葛洲壩房地產開發有限公司)
          Anhui Huayuan Zhijing Construction Co., Ltd.                                        Associate
            (安徽華源至精建設有限公司)
          China Energy Engineering (Jieshou) Investment and Construction Co., Ltd.            Joint venture
            (中能建(界首)投資建設有限公司)
          China Energy Engineering Helu (Dongping) Construction Development Co., Ltd.         Joint venture
            (中能建合路(東平)建設發展有限公司)
316




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          2.   Joint Ventures and Associates of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                                Relationship with
                Name of the joint venture or associate                                          the Company

                China Coal Fangchenggang Electric Power Co., Ltd.                               Joint venture
                  (中煤防城港電力有限公司)
                Yunnan Gezhouba Xuanyang Expressway Development Co., Ltd.                       Joint venture
                  (雲南葛洲壩宣楊高速公路開發有限公司)
                Urumqi Gezhouba Electric Construction Road & Bridge Ring Expressway Co., Ltd.   Joint venture
                  (烏魯木齊葛洲壩電建路橋繞城高速公路有限公司)
                Nansha International Financial Island (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.                     Joint venture
                  (南沙國際金融島(廣州)有限公司)
                Jianguang Environment Gezhouba Water (Yangxi) Co., Ltd.                         Joint venture
                   (建廣環境葛洲壩水務(陽西)有限公司)
                Guangzhou Rumao Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.                               Joint venture
                  (廣州市如茂房地產開發有限公司)
                Guangxi Qinzhou Gezhouba Transit Expressway Co., Ltd.                           Joint venture
                  (廣西欽州葛洲壩過境高速公路有限公司)
                Gezhouba Lingnan (Yancheng Tinghu) Water Treatment Co., Ltd.                    Joint venture
                  (葛洲壩嶺南(鹽城亭湖)水治理有限責任公司)
                Beijing Gezhouba Longhu Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                   Joint venture
                  (北京葛洲壩龍湖置業有限公司)
                SNC ENGAGE                                                                      Joint venture
                                               CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                    317




                                                                                          Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    3.   Other Related Parties
         3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                     Relationship between
                                                                                     other related parties and
          Name of other related parties                                              the Company

          China EPPEI Smart Energy Co., Ltd.                                         Common ultimate controller
            (中能智新科技產業發展有限公司)
          China Energy Construction Yichang Gezhouba Asset Management Co., Ltd.      Common ultimate controller
            (中能建宜昌葛洲壩資產管理有限公司)
          Zhongnengjian Fund Management Co., Ltd.                                    Common ultimate controller
            (中能建基金管理有限公司)
          China Energy Engineering Group Asset Management Company Limited            Common ultimate controller
            (中國能源建設集團資產管理有限公司)
          China Energy Engineering Group Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                 Common ultimate controller
            (中國能源建設集團融資租賃有限公司)
          China Energy Engineering Group Beijing Electric Power Construction Company Common ultimate controller
            (中國能源建設集團北京電力建設有限公司)
          China Gezhouba Group Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                           Common ultimate controller
            (中國葛洲壩集團融資租賃有限公司)
          Xi’an Electric Power Machinery Co. Ltd.                                    Common ultimate controller
             (西安電力機械有限公司)
          Sunite Right Banner Zhi New Energy Co., Ltd.                               Common ultimate controller
            (蘇尼特右旗智新能源有限責任公司)
          Three Gorges Vocational College of Electric Power                          Common ultimate controller
            (三峽電力職業學院)
          Nengjian Era (Shanghai) New Energy Storage Technology Research Institute   Common ultimate controller
            Co., Ltd. (能建時代(上海)新型儲能技術研究院有限公司)
          Gezhouba (Beijing) Investments Co., Limited                                Common ultimate controller
            (葛洲壩(北京)投資有限公司)
          Electric Power Planning Engineering Institute Co., Ltd.                    Common ultimate controller
             (電力規劃總院有限公司)
          Damao Qizhi New Energy Co., Ltd.                                           Common ultimate controller
            (達茂旗智新能源有限公司)
          Beijing Nengjian Guohua Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                     Common ultimate controller
            (北京能建國化商業保理有限公司)
          Beijing Luosida Science and Technology Development Co., Ltd.               Common ultimate controller
            (北京洛斯達科技發展有限公司)
          Beijing Chengjucheng Electric Power Technology Testing Co., Ltd.           Common ultimate controller
            (北京誠聚成電力技術檢測有限公司)
          Units, labor unions and committees under CEEC                              Other related party
318




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          4.   Related Party Transactions
               (1).   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving
                      labor services
                      Statement on procurement of goods/receipt of labor services
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Amount for the        Amount for
                       Related party                                               current period    the last period

                       Hunan Hongxinda Logistics Co., Ltd.
                         (湖南鴻欣達物流有限公司)                                                    69,277            46,948
                       China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd.
                         (中國能源建設集團有限公司)                                                   38,579
                       Anhui Huayuan Zhijing Construction Co., Ltd.
                         (安徽華源至精建設有限公司)                                                   27,901
                       Beijing Luosida Science and Technology Development
                         Co., Ltd. (北京洛斯達科技發展有限公司)                                        26,803            15,870
                       Hunan Quanhong Xiangxin Technology Co., Ltd.
                         (湖南全紅湘芯科技有限公司)                                                   26,720            36,850
                       Gezhouba Explosive Hulunbeier Civil Explosives Co., Ltd.
                         (葛洲壩易普力呼倫貝爾民爆有限公司)                                               18,644
                       Three Gorges Vocational College of Electric Power
                         (三峽電力職業學院)                                                       15,542
                       Shaoyang Baolian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (邵陽市寶聯民爆器材有限責任公司)                                                 9,472            13,524
                       Xi’an Electric Power Machinery Co. Ltd.
                          (西安電力機械有限公司)                                                     9,401
                       Electric Power Planning Engineering Institute Co., Ltd.
                          (電力規劃總院有限公司)                                                     8,114             2,785
                       Yiyang Yilian Civil Explosive Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (益陽益聯民用爆破器材有限公司)                                                  8,081             6,271
                       Shihezi Tianfu Electricity Design Co., Ltd.
                         (石河子市天富電力設計有限公司)                                                  7,804
                       Loudi Loulian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (婁底市婁聯民爆器材有限公司)                                                   6,966             7,286
                       Hunan Fuxin Science and Technology Co., Ltd.
                         (湖南斧欣科技有限責任公司)                                                    6,843            12,782
                       Hunan Lenercom Technology Co., Ltd.
                         (湖南能創科技有限責任公司)                                                    6,757
                       Hunan Hongkeda Equipment Manufacturing Co., Ltd.
                         (湖南紅科達設備製造有限公司)                                                   6,264             8,487
                       Huaihua Wulian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.
                         (懷化市物聯民爆器材有限公司)                                                   5,648             8,879
                       Others                                                            105,682            66,429

                       Total                                                             404,498           226,111
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                  319




                                                                                       Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
         (1).   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving
                labor services (Continued)
                Statement on sales of goods/provision of labor services
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                          Amount for the           Amount for
                 Related party                                             current period       the last period

                 Guangxi Hengqin Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (廣西橫欽高速公路有限公司)                                               2,196,337           1,912,443
                 Guangxi Quanguan Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (廣西全灌高速公路有限公司)                                               1,106,719             727,158
                 Hebei Chengke Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (河北承克高速公路有限公司)                                                 957,143             106,671
                 Hunan Xinxin Zhangguan Expressway Construction and
                   Development Co., Ltd.
                   (湖南省新新張官高速公路建設開發有限公司)                                          920,438             631,040
                 Guangdong Shenzhen-Dalian Intercity Railway Co., Ltd.
                   (廣東深大城際鐵路有限公司)                                                 771,216
                 Jining-Shangqiu Expressway (Jining) Co., Ltd.
                    (濟商高速公路(濟寧)有限公司)                                              471,272
                 Guizhou Zhongnengjian Nahe Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (貴州中能建納赫高速公路有限公司)                                              419,544           1,133,610
                 Zhongge (Luohe) Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.
                   (中葛(漯河)建設工程有限公司)                                               385,261
                 China Energy Engineering (Jieshou) Investment and
                   Construction Co., Ltd.
                   (中能建(界首)投資建設有限公司)                                              319,226
                 Urumqi Gezhouba Electric Construction Road & Bridge
                   Ring Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (烏魯木齊葛洲壩電建路橋繞城高速公路有限公司)                                        282,681             359,819
                 Jining-Shangqiu Expressway (Heze) Co., Ltd.
                    (濟商高速公路(菏澤)有限公司)                                              261,973           1,040,104
                 Guangxi Qinzhou Gezhouba Transit Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (廣西欽州葛洲壩過境高速公路有限公司)                                            237,337             517,356
                 Guangdong Gezhouba Zhaoming Expressway Co., Ltd.
                   (廣東葛洲壩肇明高速公路有限公司)                                              194,806             453,314
                 Haikou Jiangdong Xinju Third Property Co., Ltd.
                   (海口江東新居第三置業有限公司)                                               187,391
                 Xiamen Dingxiangsheng Industrial Construction and
                   Development Co., Ltd.
                   (廈門鼎翔盛產業建設發展有限公司)                                              169,781
                 Xinjiang Gezhouba Dashixia Water Conservancy Hub
                   Development Co., Ltd.
                   (新疆葛洲壩大石峽水利樞紐開發有限公司)                                           152,093             361,880
320




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
               (1).   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving
                      labor services (Continued)
                      Statement on sales of goods/provision of labor services (Continued)
                                                                                Amount for the       Amount for
                       Related party                                             current period   the last period

                       China Coal Lvneng (Ludian) New Energy Co., Ltd.
                         (中煤綠能(魯甸)新能源有限公司)                                             137,942
                       Guizhou Liu’an Expressway Co., Ltd.
                         (貴州省六安高速公路有限公司)                                               127,351
                       Wuhan Urban Area Ring Line North SectionInvestment
                        Management Co., Ltd
                        (武漢都市區環線北段投資管理有限公司)                                            121,908
                       Nanjing Gezhouba Urban Underground Space
                         Comprehensive Construction Development Co., Ltd.
                         (南京葛洲壩城市地下空間綜合建設開發有限公司)                                       103,519          293,186
                       Gaoping Huakang Engineering Construction Co., Ltd.
                         (高平市華康工程建設有限公司)                                                93,100
                       Hubei Energy Group Luotian Pingtaiyuan Pumped Storage
                         Co., Ltd. (湖北能源集團羅田平坦原抽水蓄能有限公司)                                87,906
                       Hubei Jiaotou Wujingyi Expressway Co., Ltd.
                         (湖北交投武荊宜高速公路有限公司)                                              83,884
                       Guizhou Naqing Expressway Co., Ltd.
                         (貴州納晴高速公路有限公司)                                                 78,481          628,398
                       Xinjiang Gezhouba Qiaobate Water Conservancy Project
                         Development Co., Ltd.
                         (新疆葛洲壩喬巴特水利樞紐工程開發有限公司)                                         72,743          128,489
                       Heilongjiang Tiefang Expressway Investment and
                         Construction Co., Ltd.
                         (黑龍江省鐵方高速公路投資建設有限公司)                                           70,961
                       Xi’an Zihong Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.
                          (西安紫弘科技產業發展有限公司)                                              63,709
                       Chizhou Runneng New Energy Co., Ltd.
                         (池州潤能新能源有限公司)                                                  62,455
                       Sichuan Qinxuan Construction Project Management
                          Co., Ltd. (四川秦宣建設項目管理有限公司)                                    57,339
                       Hunan Changsha Xinneng Property Investment and
                         Development Co., Ltd.
                         (湖南長沙鑫能置業投資發展有限公司)                                             53,430
                       Hubei Huangshi Wuyang Expressway Development
                         Co., Ltd. (湖北黃石武陽高速公路發展有限公司)                                   53,218          193,129
                       Hubei Wutian Expressway Investment and Construction
                         Co., Ltd.
                         (湖北武天高速投資建設有限公司)                                               43,580          761,991
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                  321




                                                                                       Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
         (1).   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving
                labor services (Continued)
                Statement on sales of goods/provision of labor services (Continued)
                                                                          Amount for the           Amount for
                 Related party                                             current period       the last period

                 Pingtan Emerging Industrial Park Development Co., Ltd.
                    (平潭新興產業園開發有限公司)                                                41,728              56,030
                 Damao Qizhi New Energy Co., Ltd.
                   (達茂旗智新能源有限公司)                                                   39,461
                 Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi Expressway
                   Co., Ltd. (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公路有限公司)                                   36,649              30,838
                 China Energy Engineering Hefei Road Construction
                   (Fengtai) Investment and Construction Co., Ltd.
                   (中能建合路建(鳳台)投資建設有限公司)                                            33,046
                 China Energy Engineering Hefei Road Construction
                   (Dongping) Construction and Development Co., Ltd.
                   (中能建合路(東平)建設發展有限公司)                                             30,596              28,065
                 Uxin Banner Beilong Road Construction and Development
                   Co., Ltd.
                   (烏審旗北龍公路建設發展有限公司)                                               28,030
                 Shaoyang Baolian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.
                   (邵陽市寶聯民爆器材有限責任公司)                                               25,378              26,544
                 Loudi Loulian Civil Explosion Equipment Co., Ltd.
                   (婁底市婁聯民爆器材有限公司)                                                 24,536              27,274
                 China Coal Fangchenggang Electric Power Co., Ltd.
                   (中煤防城港電力有限公司)                                                   24,262
                 Jincheng Green Water Ecological Construction and
                    Investment Co., Ltd.
                    (晉城市綠水源生態建設投資有限責任公司)                                           23,913               4,859
                 Hainan Haikong China Energy Construction Engineering
                   Co., Ltd. (海南海控中能建工程有限公司)                                       22,857
                 Sichuan Huajinzhou Real Estate Co., Ltd.
                    (四川華錦洲置業有限公司)                                                  21,465
                 Fujian Water Investment Group Xiapu Ecological
                   Environment Co., Ltd.
                   (福建水投集團霞浦生態環境有限責任公司)                                            19,288
                 Hunan Tianxin Chengye Urban Renewal Investment and
                   Development Co., Ltd.
                   (湖南天新成業城市更新投資發展有限公司)                                            18,553
                 Jinxiang Northern Municipal Construction and
                    Development Co., Ltd.
                    (金鄉北方城市建設發展有限公司)                                               12,644              49,816
322




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
               (1).   Related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or receiving
                      labor services (Continued)
                      Statement on sales of goods/provision of labor services (Continued)
                                                                                 Amount for the        Amount for
                       Related party                                              current period    the last period

                       Yueyang Three Gorges Phase II Water Environment
                         Comprehensive Management Co., Ltd.
                         (岳陽市三峽二期水環境綜合治理有限責任公司)                                          12,259
                       Three Gorges Riqing Maoping River Ecological Treatment
                         (Zigui) Co., Ltd.
                         (三峽日清茅坪河生態治理(秭歸)有限公司)                                           11,634
                       Shaanxi Guanhuan Linfa Expressway Co., Ltd.
                         (陝西關環麟法高速公路有限公司)                                                 5,773           267,091
                       Shenneng (Huazhou) New Energy Co., Ltd.
                         (深能(化州)新能源有限公司)                                                  1,653           181,201
                       Gezhouba (Luzhou) Yangtze River Sixth Bridge Investment
                         Co., Ltd. (葛洲壩(瀘州)長江六橋投資有限公司)                                    1,001            50,291
                       Yan’an Gezhouba Shaanxi Construction East Ring
                         Expressway Co., Ltd.
                         (延安葛洲壩陝建東繞城高速公路有限公司)                                               310            60,575
                       Gezhouba Huaihe Development Co., Ltd.
                         (葛洲壩淮河發展有限公司)                                                       39            52,967
                       Guangxi Zeyuan Environmental Water Affairs Co., Ltd.
                         (廣西澤源環保水務有限公司)                                                                   195,646
                       Meishan Jinhengde Weikang Cultural and Creative
                        Tourism Development Co., Ltd.
                        (眉山金恒德維康文創旅遊發展有限公司)                                                                40,651
                       China Energy Engineering Southern Construction and
                         Investment (Nanxiong) Environmental Investment and
                         Operation Co., Ltd.
                         (中能建南方建投(南雄)環保投資運營有限公司)                                                           10,638
                       Others                                                         1,075,808         1,777,650

                       Total                                                         11,855,627       12,108,724


                      Explanation about related party transactions of purchasing or selling goods and rendering or
                      receiving services

                      □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                 323




                                                                                       Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
         (2).   Entrusted management/contracted and entrusting management/outsourcing with
                related parties
                Table of entrusted management/contracting of the Company:

                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                Explanation on entrustment/contracting with related parties

                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                Table of entrusting management/outsourcing of the Company:

                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                Explanation on management/outsourcing with related parties

                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

         (3).   Leases with related parties
                The Company as the lessor:
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                          Rental income       Rental income
                                                       Type of         recognized in the   recognized in the
                 Name of lessee                        leased assets      current period         last period

                 Gezhouba Explosive Hulunbeier Civil   Equipment                    593
                   Explosives Co., Ltd. (葛洲壩易普力
                   呼倫貝爾民爆有限公司)
                 Hunan Hongkeda Equipment              Equipment                    161
                   Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (湖南紅科
                   達設備製造有限公司)
                 Hunan Bai’an Fire Protection          Equipment                     66
                   Technology Co., Ltd. (湖南百安消
                   防科技有限公司)

                 Total                                                              820
324




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
               (3).   Leases with related parties (Continued)
                      The Company as lessee:
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                           Amount for the current period                                       Amount for the last period
                                                                                  Rental                                                        Rental
                                                                           expenses for                                                  expenses for
                                                                             short-term Variable lease                                     short-term
                                                                              leases and    payments                                        leases and Variable lease
                                                                               low-value not included                                        low-value payments not
                                                                            asset leases         in the                      Interest     asset leases included in the                          Interest
                                                                             that adopt measurement                        expenses        that adopt measurement                             expenses
                                                                               simplified     of lease                       of lease        simplified        of lease                        of lease
                                                          Type of leased   treatment (if liabilities (if                   liabilities   treatment (if     liabilities (if                    liabilities
                       Name of lessor                     assets             applicable) applicable)        Rental paid    assumed         applicable)      applicable)         Rental paid   assumed

                       Gezhouba (Beijing) Investments     Buildings and                                          3,740             62                                                3,740
                           Co., Limited                      structures
                           (葛洲壩(北京)投資有限公司)
                       Shandong Gezhouba Jitai            Expressway                                             7,742         1,713                                                   476          216
                           Expressway Co., Ltd.              service
                           (山東葛洲壩濟泰高速公路                      area
                           有限公司)
                       Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang          Expressway                                                           3,006                                              101,832        1,811
                           Ningshi Expressway Co., Ltd.      service
                           (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公                     area
                           路有限公司)
                       China Energy Engineering Group     Buildings and                                        203,649        16,521                                                16,900      14,340
                           Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.       structures
                           (中國能源建設集團融資租賃
                           有限公司)
                       China Energy Engineering Group Buildings and                                              1,339           113                                                   134          134
                           Asset Management Company      structures
                           Limited
                           (中國能源建設集團資產管理
                           有限公司)
                       Guangdong Jiangmen Hengguang Booster station                                                326             77
                          New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東江門恒光新能源有
                          限公司)
                       Guangdong Jiangmen Hengguang Booster station                                                488           116
                          Phase II New Energy Co., Ltd.
                          (廣東江門恒光二期新能源
                          有限公司)
                       Guangxi Hezhou Hewei Civil  Buildings and                                                   141
                          Explosive Supplies Sales    structures
                          Co., Ltd.
                          (廣西賀州市賀威民用爆炸物品
                          銷售有限責任公司)

                       Total                                                                                   217,425        21,608                                              123,082       16,501


                      Explanation on leases with related parties
                      □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                            CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                   325




                                                                                       Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
         (4).   Guarantees with related parties
                The Company and its subsidiaries as guarantors
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                 Commencement                 Whether the
                                                      Amount     date of      Expiration date guarantee has
                 Party guaranteed                  guaranteed    guarantee    of guarantee    been fulfilled

                 Hubei Huangshi Wuyang
                   Expressway Development
                   Co., Ltd.
                   (湖北黃石武陽高速公路發展
                   有限公司)                            4,771,290    2021/3/31       2055/3/30        No
                 Chongqing Jiangqi Highway
                   Co., Ltd.                                     2013/6/7 to     2028/6/26 to
                   (重慶江綦高速公路有限公司)                     336,800      2018/6/27       2043/6/7       No
                 Jiangsu Yanfu Yinbao New
                    Energy Co., Ltd.
                    (江蘇鹽阜銀寶新能源有限
                    公司)                                65,600    2018/7/26       2032/3/21        No
                 CHINH THANG WIND POWER
                  COMPANY LIMITED
                  (越南正勝風電有限責任公司)                       16,945    2022/3/31       2037/3/31        No

                 Total                              5,190,635


                The Company as the party guaranteed
                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                Explanation on guarantees with related parties
                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
326




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          4.   Related Party Transactions (Continued)
               (5).   Capital lending to/borrowing from related parties
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                       Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                               Commencement
                       Related party                              Placements   date         Expiry date

                       Borrowing from related parties
                       Wuhan Gezhouba Longhu Property               225,000    2025/4/11           No fixed date of
                        Development Co., Ltd.                                                        expiration
                        (武漢葛洲壩龍湖房地產開發有限公司)
                       Shenzhen Nuode Baozhong Real Estate Co.,     215,600    2025/6/16           No fixed date of
                         Ltd.                                                                        expiration
                         (深圳諾德寶中置業有限責任公司)
                       Wuhan China Resources Land Gezhouba          100,000    2025/5/29           No fixed date of
                        Real Estate Co., Ltd.                                                        expiration
                        (武漢華潤置地葛洲壩置業有限公司)
                       Shanghai China Resources Yueneng Real         49,100    2025/6/30           No fixed date of
                         Estate Co., Ltd.                                                            expiration
                         (上海華潤樾能置業有限公司)


                                                                               Commencement
                       Related party                              Placements   date         Expiry date

                       Lending to related parties
                       Shanghai China Resources Yueneng Real
                         Estate Co., Ltd.
                         (上海華潤樾能置業有限公司)                           1,645,952    2025/3/17           2025/5/27


               (6).   Asset transfer and debt restructuring with related parties
                      □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

               (7).   Emolument of key management
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                       Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                               Amount for the Amount for the last
                       Item                                                     current period            period

                       Emolument of key management                                         3,640                 6,379


               (8).   Other related party transactions
                      □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                       327




                                                                                                          Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items
         (1).   Amounts receivable
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                    Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                        Closing balance         Opening balance
                                                                                                 Provision                Provision
                                                                                        Book       for bad       Book      for bad
                 Name of item     Related party                                       balance        debts     balance       debts

                 Trade             Nanjing Gezhouba Urban Underground Space          2,225,128      66,754   2,166,466      64,994
                    receivables     Comprehensive Construction Development Co.,
                                    Ltd.
                                    (南京葛洲壩城市地下空間綜合建設開發有限
                                    公司)
                                   Guangdong Gezhouba Zhaoming Expressway Co.,       1,356,157      40,685   1,631,395      48,942
                                    Ltd.
                                    (廣東葛洲壩肇明高速公路有限公司)
                                   Hunan Xinxin Zhangguan Expressway Construction     788,227       23,647    788,121       23,643
                                    and Development Co., Ltd.
                                    (湖南省新新張官高速公路建設開發有限公司)
                                   Fuyang Gezhouba Guozhen Water Environment          478,926       14,368    261,221        7,837
                                     Treatment Investment Construction Co., Ltd.
                                     (阜陽葛洲壩國禎水環境治理投資建設有限公司)
                                   Haikou Jiangdong Xinju Third Property Co., Ltd.    435,648       13,069    417,548       12,526
                                    (海口江東新居第三置業有限公司)
                                   Xinjiang Haoyuan Water Supply Co. Ltd.             363,585       10,908    360,604
                                     (新疆浩源供水有限公司)
                                   Panzhou Hongcai Gezhouba Project Management        282,938        8,488    282,938        8,488
                                     Co., Ltd.
                                     (盤州市宏財葛洲壩項目管理有限公司)
                                   Hubei Wutian Expressway Investment and             232,863        6,986    340,346       10,210
                                    Construction Co., Ltd.
                                    (湖北武天高速投資建設有限公司)
                                   Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi Expressway       228,356        6,851    308,837        9,265
                                     Co., Ltd.
                                     (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公路有限公司)
                                   Chongqing Gexing Construction Co., Ltd.            216,558        6,497    216,558        6,497
                                    (重慶市葛興建設有限公司)
                                   Jining-Shangqiu Expressway (Jining) Co., Ltd.      146,533                 117,816
                                      (濟商高速公路(濟寧)有限公司)
                                   Guangxi Hengqin Expressway Co., Ltd.               140,379        4,211      1,645             49
                                    (廣西橫欽高速公路有限公司)
                                   Hebei Chengke Expressway Co., Ltd.                 129,088                 146,975
                                    (河北承克高速公路有限公司)
                                   Shandong Gezhouba Zaohe Expressway Co., Ltd.       126,822        3,805    128,124        3,844
                                     (山東葛洲壩棗菏高速公路有限公司)
328




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
               (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                             Closing balance       Opening balance
                                                                                                      Provision              Provision
                                                                                              Book      for bad     Book      for bad
                       Name of item   Related party                                         balance       debts   balance       debts

                                       Guizhou Zhongnengjian Nahe Expressway Co., Ltd.      125,845       3,775    26,924            808
                                        (貴州中能建納赫高速公路有限公司)
                                       Shandong Gezhouba Judan Expressway Co., Ltd.          88,012       2,640   143,227       4,297
                                         (山東葛洲壩巨單高速公路有限公司)
                                       Yunnan Gezhouba Xuanyang Expressway                   86,933       2,608    87,358       2,621
                                        Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (雲南葛洲壩宣楊高速公路開發有限公司)
                                       Hainan Haikong China Energy Construction              68,042       2,041    69,092       2,074
                                        Engineering Co., Ltd.
                                        (海南海控中能建工程有限公司)
                                       Jianguang Environment Gezhouba Water (Yangxi)         55,715       1,671    58,007       1,740
                                          Co., Ltd.
                                          (建廣環境葛洲壩水務(陽西)有限公司)
                                       Gezhouba Lingnan (Yancheng Tinghu) Water              54,986       1,650    64,986       1,950
                                        Treatment Co., Ltd.
                                        (葛洲壩嶺南(鹽城亭湖)水治理有限責任公司)
                                       Gezhouba Huaihe Development Co., Ltd.                 54,410       1,632    38,065       1,142
                                        (葛洲壩淮河發展有限公司)
                                       Gezhouba Runming (Wuhan) Real Estate                  54,335       1,630    53,683       1,610
                                        Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (葛洲壩潤明(武漢)房地產開發有限公司)
                                       Jining Liaohe Oriental Ecological Construction and    49,033       1,471    49,033       1,471
                                          Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (濟寧蓼河東方生態建設開發有限公司)
                                       Xinjiang Gezhouba Qiaobate Water Conservancy          48,605       1,458    85,244       2,557
                                         Project Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (新疆葛洲壩喬巴特水利樞紐工程開發有限公司)
                                       China Energy Engineering Group Beijing Electric       48,573       1,457    57,538       1,726
                                        Power Construction Company (中國能源建設集
                                        團北京電力建設有限公司)
                                       China Energy Engineering Southern Construction        44,791       1,344    46,012       1,380
                                        and Investment (Nanxiong) Environmental
                                        Investment and Operation Co., Ltd.
                                        (中能建南方建投(南雄)環保投資運營有限公司)
                                       Guizhou Naqing Expressway Co., Ltd.                   42,143       1,264   328,804       9,864
                                        (貴州納晴高速公路有限公司)
                                       Shandong Gezhouba Yunjuan Expressway Co., Ltd.        40,137       1,204    18,635            559
                                         (山東葛洲壩鄆鄄高速公路有限公司)
                                       Guangxi Gezhouba Tianxi Expressway Co., Ltd.          38,156       1,145    50,146       1,504
                                        (廣西葛洲壩田西高速公路有限公司)
                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                  2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                         329




                                                                                                           Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
         (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                       Closing balance           Opening balance
                                                                                                Provision                  Provision
                                                                                        Book      for bad         Book      for bad
                 Name of item   Related party                                         balance       debts       balance       debts

                                 Xinjiang Gezhouba Dashixia Water Conservancy          36,600       1,098        20,540            616
                                   Hub Development Co., Ltd.
                                   (新疆葛洲壩大石峽水利樞紐開發有限公司)
                                 Jinan Licheng District Quanfu River Investment and    35,480            18
                                    Development Co., Ltd.
                                   (濟南市曆城區全福河投資開發有限公司)
                                 Gezhouba (Luzhou) Yangtze River Sixth Bridge          33,034                    53,358
                                  Investment Co., Ltd.
                                  (葛洲壩(瀘州)長江六橋投資有限公司)
                                 Datang Xuanwei Hydropower Development Co.,            32,926            988     32,926            988
                                  Ltd.
                                  (大唐宣威水電開發有限公司)
                                 Guangxi Bagui Civil Blasting Equipment Co., Ltd.      32,075       6,318        33,458       6,318
                                  (廣西八桂民用爆破器材有限責任公司)
                                 Gecheng (Nanjing) Real Estate Development Co.,        29,441            883     29,441            883
                                  Ltd.
                                  (葛城(南京)房地產開發有限公司)
                                 Electric Power Planning Engineering Institute Co.,    28,994            870      8,196            246
                                   Ltd.
                                   (電力規劃總院有限公司)
                                 Fujian Water Investment Group Xiapu Ecological        23,600            708     11,662            350
                                   Environment Co., Ltd.
                                   (福建水投集團霞浦生態環境有限責任公司)
                                 China Coal Lvneng (Ludian) New Energy Co., Ltd.       19,534            195
                                  (中煤綠能(魯甸)新能源有限公司)
                                 China Gezhouba Group Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.      19,000
                                  (中國葛洲壩集團融資租賃有限公司)
                                 Chizhou Runneng New Energy Co., Ltd.                  15,530
                                  (池州潤能新能源有限公司)
                                 Henan Gezhouba Shangdu Water Ecological               13,475            404     22,580            677
                                  Development Co., Ltd.
                                  (河南葛洲壩商都水生態開發有限公司)
                                 Hunan Tianxin Chengye Urban Renewal Investment        13,308
                                  and Development Co., Ltd.
                                  (湖南天新成業城市更新投資發展有限公司)
                                 Hubei Huangshi Wuyang Expressway Development          13,079
                                  Co., Ltd.
                                  (湖北黃石武陽高速公路發展有限公司)
                                 Hubei Jiaotou Wujingyi Expressway Co., Ltd.           12,076            362
                                  (湖北交投武荊宜高速公路有限公司)
330




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
               (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                           Closing balance            Opening balance
                                                                                                    Provision                   Provision
                                                                                           Book       for bad          Book      for bad
                       Name of item   Related party                                      balance        debts        balance       debts

                                       Guangxi Hechi Yizhou Donglin Mining Co., Ltd.       7,200             216     11,556             347
                                        (廣西河池宜州東林礦業有限公司)
                                       Zhongge (Luohe) Construction Engineering Co.,         370                    109,728
                                         Ltd.
                                         (中葛(漯河)建設工程有限公司)
                                       Guangxi Qinzhou Gezhouba Transit Expressway                                  102,216        3,067
                                        Co., Ltd.
                                        (廣西欽州葛洲壩過境高速公路有限公司)
                                       Yan’an Gezhouba Shaanxi Construction East Ring                               101,816
                                        Expressway Co., Ltd.
                                        (延安葛洲壩陝建東繞城高速公路有限公司)
                                       Others                                           1,487,686      34,683       961,725       23,031
                       Sub-total                                                        9,904,332     280,002      9,844,550     268,121
                       Notes           Shandong Gezhouba Judan Expressway Co., Ltd.       50,000
                         receivable      (山東葛洲壩巨單高速公路有限公司)
                                       Hunan Changsha Xinneng Property Investment and        550                        745
                                        Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (湖南長沙鑫能置業投資發展有限公司)
                                       Beijing Luosida Science and Technology                                         4,158
                                         Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (北京洛斯達科技發展有限公司)
                                       China Nuclear Power Design Co., Ltd.                                             112
                                        (Shenzhen) (深圳中廣核工程設計有限公司)
                       Sub-total                                                          50,550                      5,015
                       Prepayments     China Energy Engineering Group Asset              265,652                    233,117
                                        Management Company Limited (中國能源建設集
                                        團資產管理有限公司)
                                       Others                                             10,026                      4,102
                       Sub-total                                                         275,678                    237,219
                       Loans to        China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd.         2,701,424      65,590      2,951,878      65,590
                          customers     (中國能源建設集團有限公司)
                                       China Energy Engineering Group Asset              535,275        9,505       380,169        9,505
                                        Management Company Limited (中國能源建設集
                                        團資產管理有限公司)
                                       China Energy Construction Yichang Gezhouba        212,164        5,580       223,214        5,580
                                        Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                        (中能建宜昌葛洲壩資產管理有限公司)
                       Sub-total                                                        3,448,863      80,675      3,555,261      80,675
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                        331




                                                                                                          Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
         (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                      Closing balance           Opening balance
                                                                                               Provision                  Provision
                                                                                       Book      for bad         Book      for bad
                 Name of item     Related party                                      balance       debts       balance       debts

                 Dividend          Sinopharm Group Xi’an Bio-Pharmaceutical Co.      100,522                   100,522
                    receivables      Ltd.
                                     (國藥集團西安生物製藥有限公司)
                                   Others                                             16,070            750     52,404            750
                 Sub-total                                                           116,592            750    152,926            750
                 Other             Chongqing Gezhouba Sunac Jinyu Real Estate        652,764                   650,471
                   receivables      Co., Ltd.
                                    (重慶葛洲壩融創金裕置業有限公司)
                                   China Energy Engineering Group Beijing Electric   519,125                   520,757
                                    Power Construction Company (中國能源建設集
                                    團北京電力建設有限公司)
                                   Guangdong Shenzhen-Dalian Intercity Railway       449,897                   376,676
                                    Co., Ltd.
                                    (廣東深大城際鐵路有限公司)
                                   Panzhou Hongcai Gezhouba Project Management       364,627      49,393       364,627      36,740
                                     Co., Ltd.
                                     (盤州市宏財葛洲壩項目管理有限公司)
                                   Gezhouba (Tangshan) Fengnan Investment and        333,135       6,545       501,585
                                    Construction Co., Ltd.
                                    (葛洲壩(唐山)豐南投資建設有限公司)
                                   Chongqing Jiangqi Highway Co., Ltd.               324,693      26,669       310,693
                                    (重慶江綦高速公路有限公司)
                                   Urumqi Gezhouba Electric Construction Road &      315,671                   312,079
                                     Bridge Ring Expressway Co., Ltd.
                                     (烏魯木齊葛洲壩電建路橋繞城高速公路有限
                                     公司)
                                   Chongqing Gening Real Estate Development Co.,     298,453                   289,400
                                    Ltd.
                                    (重慶葛寧房地產開發有限公司)
                                   Shandong Gezhouba Zaohe Expressway Co., Ltd.      262,379       3,236       261,085
                                     (山東葛洲壩棗菏高速公路有限公司)
                                   Hunan Gening Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.    253,165                   247,354
                                    (湖南葛寧房地產開發有限公司)
                                   Zhongge Yongmao (Suzhou) Real Estate              221,114                   283,691
                                     Development Co., Ltd.
                                     (中葛永茂(蘇州)房地產開發有限公司)
                                   Gekuangli Nanjing Property Development Co. Ltd.   243,524                   243,524
                                    (葛礦利南京房地產開發有限公司)
                                   Gezhouba Runming (Wuhan) Real Estate              215,100            201    215,100            201
                                    Development Co., Ltd.
                                    (葛洲壩潤明(武漢)房地產開發有限公司)
332




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
               (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                              Closing balance           Opening balance
                                                                                                       Provision                  Provision
                                                                                              Book       for bad         Book      for bad
                       Name of item   Related party                                         balance        debts       balance       debts

                                       Shandong Gezhouba Jitai Expressway Co., Ltd.         195,523                   195,233
                                         (山東葛洲壩濟泰高速公路有限公司)
                                       Chongqing Gezhouba Sunac Shenda Properties           193,393                   192,350
                                        Co., Ltd.
                                        (重慶葛洲壩融創深達置業有限公司)
                                       Hunan Changsha Xinneng Property Investment and       172,500                   267,675
                                        Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (湖南長沙鑫能置業投資發展有限公司)
                                       Taixing Bohui Environmental Protection Technology    148,570                   145,110
                                         Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (泰興博惠環保科技發展有限公司)
                                       Shandong Gezhouba Judan Expressway Co., Ltd.         146,108             69    145,084
                                         (山東葛洲壩巨單高速公路有限公司)
                                       Yueyang Three Gorges Water Environment               145,340       11,205      144,634       11,205
                                        Comprehensive Treatment Co., Ltd.
                                        (岳陽市三峽水環境綜合治理有限責任公司)
                                       Meishan Jinhengde Weikang Cultural and Creative       91,800        9,180       91,800        9,180
                                        Tourism Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (眉山金恒德維康文創旅遊發展有限公司)
                                       China Energy Engineering Group Asset                  90,598                    90,598
                                        Management Company Limited (中國能源建設集
                                        團資產管理有限公司)
                                       Guizhou Zhongnengjian Nahe Expressway Co., Ltd.       40,516             8     383,111
                                        (貴州中能建納赫高速公路有限公司)
                                       Shandong Gezhouba Yunjuan Expressway Co., Ltd.        30,889                   131,244
                                         (山東葛洲壩鄆鄄高速公路有限公司)
                                       Beijing Jinlong Times Investment Co., Ltd.            19,760
                                         (北京津隆時代投資有限公司)
                                       Shanghai China Resources Yueneng Real Estate          17,764
                                         Co., Ltd.
                                         (上海華潤樾能置業有限公司)
                                       Fuyang Gezhouba Guozhen Water Environment             16,094        1,287      143,845
                                         Treatment Investment Construction Co., Ltd.
                                         (阜陽葛洲壩國禎水環境治理投資建設有限公司)
                                       Zhongge (Luohe) Construction Engineering Co.,         14,187                    22,740
                                         Ltd.
                                         (中葛(漯河)建設工程有限公司)
                                       Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi Expressway          11,876                    11,767
                                         Co., Ltd.
                                         (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公路有限公司)
                                       Jining-Shangqiu Expressway (Jining) Co., Ltd.         11,004                     8,870
                                          (濟商高速公路(濟寧)有限公司)
                                       Others                                              1,036,614     203,987      265,704      167,368
                       Sub-total                                                           6,836,183     311,780     6,816,807     224,694
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED              2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                        333




                                                                                                          Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
         (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                        Closing balance         Opening balance
                                                                                                 Provision                Provision
                                                                                        Book       for bad       Book      for bad
                 Name of item      Related party                                      balance        debts     balance       debts

                 Contract assets    Guangxi Hengqin Expressway Co., Ltd.             2,389,542      35,843   1,949,535      29,243
                                     (廣西橫欽高速公路有限公司)
                                    Guangxi Quanguan Expressway Co., Ltd.            1,830,330      27,455   1,949,532      29,243
                                     (廣西全灌高速公路有限公司)
                                    Guizhou Zhongnengjian Nahe Expressway Co., Ltd. 1,650,115       24,752   1,717,429      25,761
                                     (貴州中能建納赫高速公路有限公司)
                                    Hunan Xinxin Zhangguan Expressway Construction 1,453,778        21,807   1,567,587      23,514
                                     and Development Co., Ltd.
                                     (湖南省新新張官高速公路建設開發有限公司)
                                    Hebei Chengke Expressway Co., Ltd.               1,047,413      15,711    491,392
                                     (河北承克高速公路有限公司)
                                    Guangxi Gezhouba Tianxi Expressway Co., Ltd.      639,004        9,585    468,747        7,031
                                     (廣西葛洲壩田西高速公路有限公司)
                                    Shandong Gezhouba Yunjuan Expressway Co., Ltd.    583,684        8,755    122,893        1,843
                                      (山東葛洲壩鄆鄄高速公路有限公司)
                                    Guangdong Gezhouba Zhaoming Expressway Co.,       582,889        8,743    871,889       12,991
                                     Ltd.
                                     (廣東葛洲壩肇明高速公路有限公司)
                                    Shaanxi Guanhuan Linfa Expressway Co., Ltd.       576,817        8,652    691,407       10,371
                                      (陝西關環麟法高速公路有限公司)
                                    Shandong Gezhouba Zaohe Expressway Co., Ltd.      509,860        7,648      8,831             132
                                      (山東葛洲壩棗菏高速公路有限公司)
                                    Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi Expressway      268,570        4,029    242,833        3,643
                                      Co., Ltd.
                                      (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公路有限公司)
                                    Guangxi Qinzhou Gezhouba Transit Expressway       261,276        3,919    376,257        5,644
                                     Co., Ltd.
                                     (廣西欽州葛洲壩過境高速公路有限公司)
                                    Urumqi Gezhouba Electric Construction Road &      229,230        3,438     12,461             186
                                      Bridge Ring Expressway Co., Ltd.
                                     (烏魯木齊葛洲壩電建路橋繞城高速公路有限
                                     公司)
                                    Xinjiang Gezhouba Qiaobate Water Conservancy      178,213        2,673    216,448        3,247
                                      Project Development Co., Ltd.
                                      (新疆葛洲壩喬巴特水利樞紐工程開發有限公司)
                                    Gezhouba Huaihe Development Co., Ltd.             163,779        2,457    263,883        3,958
                                     (葛洲壩淮河發展有限公司)
                                    Henan Gezhouba Shangdu Water Ecological           116,208        1,743    132,129        1,982
                                     Development Co., Ltd.
                                     (河南葛洲壩商都水生態開發有限公司)
334




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
               (1).   Amounts receivable (Continued)
                                                                                             Closing balance         Opening balance
                                                                                                      Provision                Provision
                                                                                             Book       for bad       Book      for bad
                       Name of item   Related party                                        balance        debts     balance       debts

                                       Xinjiang Gezhouba Dashixia Water Conservancy        118,712        1,781    130,949        1,964
                                         Hub Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (新疆葛洲壩大石峽水利樞紐開發有限公司)
                                       Datang Xuanwei Hydropower Development Co.,          108,932        6,536    108,932        6,536
                                        Ltd.
                                        (大唐宣威水電開發有限公司)
                                       Nanjing Gezhouba Urban Underground Space                                    288,976        4,335
                                        Comprehensive Construction Development Co.,
                                        Ltd.
                                        (南京葛洲壩城市地下空間綜合建設開發有限
                                        公司)
                                       Others                                             6,444,308      96,665   3,698,482      37,758
                       Sub-total                                                         19,152,660     292,192 15,310,592      209,382
                       Other non-      Hubei Wutian Expressway Investment and              325,974                 321,019
                         current        Construction Co., Ltd.
                         assets         (湖北武天高速投資建設有限公司)
                                       Yan’an Gezhouba Shaanxi Construction East Ring       91,536                  91,537
                                        Expressway Co., Ltd.
                                        (延安葛洲壩陝建東繞城高速公路有限公司)
                                       Xinjiang Gezhouba Dashixia Water Conservancy         85,982                  82,392
                                         Hub Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (新疆葛洲壩大石峽水利樞紐開發有限公司)
                                       Panzhou Hongcai Gezhouba Project Management          75,813                  75,813
                                         Co., Ltd.
                                         (盤州市宏財葛洲壩項目管理有限公司)
                                       Hainan Geruimei Industrial Co., Ltd.                 43,575
                                        (海南葛瑞美實業有限公司)
                                       Chongqing Gexing Construction Co., Ltd.              21,933                  21,933
                                        (重慶市葛興建設有限公司)
                                       China Energy Engineering (Mianchi) Investment &      21,143
                                        Construction Co., Ltd.
                                        (中能建(澠池)投資建設有限公司)
                                       Gezhouba Huaihe Development Co., Ltd.                                        47,865
                                        (葛洲壩淮河發展有限公司)
                                       Others                                              113,856                  77,551

                       Sub-total                                                           779,812                 718,110
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                       335




                                                                                             Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
         (2)   Amounts payable
               3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                Name of                                                                 Closing book   Opening book
                item          Related party                                                  balance         balance

                Trade         China Energy Engineering Group Asset Management               316,948         363,414
                  payables      Company Limited (中國能源建設集團資產管理有
                                限公司)
                              Electric Power Planning Engineering Institute Co., Ltd.         68,493         62,277
                                 (電力規劃總院有限公司)
                              Anhui Huayuan Zhijing Construction Co., Ltd.                    27,901          2,776
                                (安徽華源至精建設有限公司)
                              China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd.                        26,029            347
                                (中國能源建設集團有限公司)
                              Gezhouba Explosive Hulunbeier Civil Explosives Co.,             21,068
                                Ltd.
                                (葛洲壩易普力呼倫貝爾民爆有限公司)
                              Hunan Hongxinda Logistics Co., Ltd.                             14,785         11,848
                                (湖南鴻欣達物流有限公司)
                              Hunan Quanhong Xiangxin Technology Co., Ltd.                     6,821         21,355
                                (湖南全紅湘芯科技有限公司)
                              Others                                                          50,822         26,518

                Sub-total                                                                   532,867         488,535

                Bills payables Hunan Hongxinda Logistics Co., Ltd.                            18,050          4,900
                                 (湖南鴻欣達物流有限公司)
                              China EPPEI Smart Energy Co., Ltd.                               6,004
                                (中能智新科技產業發展有限公司)
                              China Energy Engineering Group Beijing Electric                  5,000
                                Power Construction Company
                                (中國能源建設集團北京電力建設有限公司)
                              Nengjian Era New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                     3,110
                                (能建時代新能源科技有限公司)
                              Xi’an Electric Power Machinery Co. Ltd.                           290
                                 (西安電力機械有限公司)
                              Hunan Lenercom Technology Co., Ltd.                                               595
                                (湖南能創科技有限責任公司)

                Sub-total                                                                     32,454          5,495
336




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
               (2)   Amounts payable (Continued)
                      Name of                                                                Closing book   Opening book
                      item            Related party                                               balance         balance

                      Contract        China Coal Lvneng (Ludian) New Energy Co., Ltd.            182,708
                        liabilities     (中煤綠能(魯甸)新能源有限公司)
                                      Nanjing Gezhouba Urban Underground Space                   112,262
                                        Comprehensive Construction Development Co.,
                                        Ltd.
                                        (南京葛洲壩城市地下空間綜合建設開發有限公司)
                                      Gaoping Huakang Engineering Construction Co., Ltd.           35,545
                                        (高平市華康工程建設有限公司)
                                      China Energy Engineering (Jinxiang) Construction and         34,514         33,014
                                        Development Co., Ltd.
                                        (中能建(金鄉)建設發展有限公司)
                                      Jinan Licheng District Quanfu River Investment and           26,721
                                         Development Co., Ltd.
                                         (濟南市曆城區全福河投資開發有限公司)
                                      Hebei Chengke Expressway Co., Ltd.                           16,119
                                        (河北承克高速公路有限公司)
                                      Hubei Energy Group Luotian Pingtaiyuan Pumped                14,616
                                        Storage Co., Ltd.
                                        (湖北能源集團羅田平坦原抽水蓄能有限公司)
                                      Hainan Haikong China Energy Construction                      4,460         33,577
                                        Engineering Co., Ltd.
                                        (海南海控中能建工程有限公司)
                                      Xinjiang Haoyuan Water Supply Co. Ltd.                                     170,188
                                        (新疆浩源供水有限公司)
                                      Haikou Jiangdongxinju No.3 Real Estate Co., Ltd.                            52,114
                                        (海口江東新居第三置業有限公司)
                                      Others                                                     133,082          96,802

                      Sub-total                                                                  560,027         385,695
                                             CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                  337




                                                                                        Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
         (2)   Amounts payable (Continued)
                Name of                                                            Closing book   Opening book
                item         Related party                                              balance         balance

                Other        Wuhan Gezhouba Longhu Property Development Co.,          2,290,697      2,065,697
                  payables    Ltd.
                              (武漢葛洲壩龍湖房地產開發有限公司)
                             Beijing Runneng Real Estate Co., Ltd.                    1,331,100      1,331,100
                               (北京潤能置業有限公司)
                             Guangzhou Zhenglin Real Estate Development Co.,          1,111,527      1,111,527
                               Ltd.
                               (廣州市正林房地產開發有限公司)
                             Guangxi Hengqin Expressway Co., Ltd.                     1,000,829
                               (廣西橫欽高速公路有限公司)
                             Guangzhou Rumao Real Estate Development Co., Ltd          800,989         800,989
                               (廣州市如茂房地產開發有限公司)
                             Hangzhou Longyu Investment Management Co., Ltd.           559,131         559,131
                               (杭州龍譽投資管理有限公司)
                             Huage Nengrong (Shenzhen) Expressway Investment           455,638         455,638
                               Partnership (Limited Partnership) (華葛能融(深圳)高
                               速公路投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
                             Nansha International Financial Island (Guangzhou)         435,317         421,507
                               Co., Ltd.
                               (南沙國際金融島(廣州)有限公司)
                             Guangxi Gezhouba Tianxi Expressway Co., Ltd.              335,569         341,248
                               (廣西葛洲壩田西高速公路有限公司)
                             Guangxi Quanguan Expressway Co., Ltd.                     335,458
                               (廣西全灌高速公路有限公司)
                             Shenzhen Nuode Baozhong Real Estate Co., Ltd.             215,821             221
                               (深圳諾德寶中置業有限責任公司)
                             Wuhan China Resources Land Gezhouba Real Estate           188,446          88,447
                              Co., Ltd.
                              (武漢華潤置地葛洲壩置業有限公司)
                             Beijing Franshion Gezhouba Real Estate Development        168,260         168,260
                               Co., Ltd.
                               (北京方興葛洲壩房地產開發有限公司)
                             Yunnan Gezhouba Xuanyang Expressway                       129,807          28,996
                               Development Co., Ltd.
                               (雲南葛洲壩宣楊高速公路開發有限公司)
                             Gecheng (Nanjing) Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.       129,235         129,235
                               (葛城(南京)房地產開發有限公司)
                             China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd.                  101,189         106,870
                               (中國能源建設集團有限公司)
                             Shanghai China Resources Yueneng Real Estate Co.,          49,100
                               Ltd.
                               (上海華潤樾能置業有限公司)
338




      Financial Report




      XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

          5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
               (2)   Amounts payable (Continued)
                      Name of                                                                  Closing book   Opening book
                      item          Related party                                                   balance         balance

                                    Nanjing Yuexin Decoration Management Co., Ltd.                   16,916         16,916
                                      (南京悅欣裝飾管理有限公司)
                                    Beijing Energy Industry Internet Research Institute Co.,         11,250
                                      Ltd.
                                      (北京能源工業互聯網研究院有限公司)
                                    Shandong Gezhouba Yunjuan Expressway Co., Ltd.                   10,261         10,261
                                      (山東葛洲壩鄆鄄高速公路有限公司)
                                    Guangdong Gezhouba Zhaoming Expressway Co.,                       9,661         11,410
                                      Ltd.
                                      (廣東葛洲壩肇明高速公路有限公司)
                                    Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi Expressway                      6,670        672,993
                                      Co., Ltd.
                                      (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公路有限公司)
                                    Gezhouba (Tangshan) Fengnan Investment and                         148         150,099
                                      Construction Co., Ltd.
                                      (葛洲壩(唐山)豐南投資建設有限公司)
                                    Shandong Gezhouba Jitai Expressway Co., Ltd.                        88         129,760
                                      (山東葛洲壩濟泰高速公路有限公司)
                                    Others                                                        1,518,816        469,027

                      Sub-total                                                                  11,211,923      9,069,332

                      Receipts of   Electric Power Planning Engineering Institute Co., Ltd.       1,733,762      1,731,961
                        deposits       (電力規劃總院有限公司)
                                    China Energy Engineering Group Co., Ltd.                       637,651         530,844
                                      (中國能源建設集團有限公司)
                                    Units, labor unions and committees under CEEC                  610,479         537,531
                                    China Energy Engineering Group Asset Management                249,066         268,191
                                      Company Limited (中國能源建設集團資產管理有
                                      限公司)
                                    Gezhouba (Beijing) Investments Co., Limited (葛洲壩                 85,099         58,573
                                      (北京)投資有限公司)
                                    China Energy Construction Yichang Gezhouba Asset                 76,274        109,015
                                      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      (中能建宜昌葛洲壩資產管理有限公司)
                                    China Energy Engineering Group Financial Leasing                 59,656        183,697
                                      Co., Ltd.
                                      (中國能源建設集團融資租賃有限公司)
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     339




                                                                                           Financial Report




XIV. RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

    5.   Amounts Due from/to Related Parties and Other Outstanding Items (Continued)
         (2)   Amounts payable (Continued)
                Name of                                                               Closing book   Opening book
                item            Related party                                              balance         balance

                                Zhongnengjian Fund Management Co., Ltd.                     40,845         44,603
                                  (中能建基金管理有限公司)
                                Beijing Nengjian Guohua Commercial Factoring Co.,           39,368         27,809
                                  Ltd.
                                  (北京能建國化商業保理有限公司)
                                Jixi Zhongnengjian Zhonglu High-altitude Wind Power         11,396         23,110
                                   Generation Co., Ltd.
                                   (績溪中能建中路高空風能發電有限公司)
                                Others                                                      65,360         13,090

                Sub-total                                                                3,608,956      3,528,424

                Lease
                  liabilities
                                Shaanxi Gezhouba Yanhuang Ningshi Expressway              128,764         125,759
                                  Co., Ltd.
                                  (陝西葛洲壩延黃寧石高速公路有限公司)
                                Shandong Gezhouba Jitai Expressway Co., Ltd.              110,290         116,319
                                  (山東葛洲壩濟泰高速公路有限公司)
                                Guangdong Jiangmen Hengguang Phase II New                    5,978          6,351
                                  Energy Co., Ltd.
                                  (廣東江門恒光二期新能源有限公司)
                                Others                                                    226,971         509,364

                Sub-total                                                                 472,003         757,793
340




      Financial Report




      XV.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

            1.   Significant Commitments
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                 Significant external commitments, nature and amount existing as at the balance sheet date
                 As at the balance sheet date, the Company existed no significant commitments to be disclosed.

            2.   Contingencies
                 (1).   Material contingencies existing as at the balance sheet date
                        3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                        Contingent liabilities arising from providing guarantees for debts of other units and its financial
                        impact

                        (1)    For details of guarantees provided to related parties please refer to Note XIV.4(4) to these
                               financial statements.

                        (2)    Guarantees provided by the Company and subsidiaries to non-related parties.

                               Guarantees
                                                                                  Amount
                                                       Financial institution      of loans   Expiration
                                Units guaranteed       of loans                guaranteed    date of guarantee     Remark

                                Ministry of Finance    Foreign exchange        1,194,376     28 January 2030       Joint liability
                                  of Argentina           consortium                                                   guarantee
                                Individuals (Note)     Mortgage banks          6,537,399     /                     Mortgage
                                                                                                                    guarantee

                                Sub-total                                      7,731,775


                               Note:   The Company provided guarantees for the mortgage loans of the commercial property
                                       purchasers from banks. Purchasers use their commercial properties purchased as collaterals.
                                       As at 30 June 2025, the purchasers did not constitute any default of significance, and the
                                       Company was of the opinion that the risk related to provision of such guarantees was
                                       minimal.

                 (2).   The Company shall also make statements if not material contingencies to be disclosed:
                        □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            3.   Others
                 □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                              CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     341




                                                                                          Financial Report




XVI. EVENTS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
     As of the date of approval for disclosure of these financial statements, the Company had not events after the
     balance sheet date which had material impact on these financial statements.

XVII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

     1.     Correction of Preliminary Accounting Errors
            (1).   Restroactive restatement method
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (2).   Prospective application method
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

     2.     Significant Debt Restructuring
            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

     3.     Asset Replacement
            (1).   Non-monetary assets replacement
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

            (2).   Other assets replacement
                   □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

     4.     Annuity Scheme
            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

     5.     Discontinued Operation
            □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
342




      Financial Report




      XVII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)

           6.   Segment Information
                (1).   Basis for determining and accounting policies of reportable segments
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                       1.    Basis for determining and accounting policies of reportable segments
                             The Company determined reportable segments according to the internal organizational
                             structure, management requirement and internal report system of the Company, and
                             determined reportable segments based on business segments. The Company evaluated
                             the operating performance of survey, design and consulting services, construction and
                             contracting, industrial manufacturing, investment and operation and other businesses.
                             The management of the Company conducts separate management for operating results
                             of each business unit for the purpose of decisions-making for resources allocation and
                             result appraisal. The five reportable segments of the Company are:

                             Survey, design and consulting services: mainly comprise of the survey, design, project
                             consulting and project supervision business for domestic and overseas tradition energy,
                             new energy and comprehensive smart energy, water conservancy, ecological environmental
                             protection, comprehensive transportation, municipal, buildings and structures;

                             Construction and contracting: mainly comprise of the project contracting, engineering and
                             construction, and project operation and maintenance business for domestic and overseas
                             tradition energy, new energy and comprehensive smart energy, water conservancy,
                             ecological environmental protection, comprehensive transportation, municipal, buildings
                             and structures;

                             Industrial manufacturing: mainly comprise of the design, manufacturing and sales business
                             for construction materials, civil explosives, and auxiliary machinery and equipment, energy
                             saving equipment and other power industries related equipment;

                             Investment and operation: mainly comprise of the investment and operation of traditional
                             energy, new energy and comprehensive smart energy, water conservancy, ecological
                             environmental protection, comprehensive transportation projects, and the investment,
                             development business and capital finance and other businesses of real estates (new
                             urbanization);

                             Other businesses: mainly comprise of logistic and trading, leasing and commercial business
                             services, software and information services and other service businesses.
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                          2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                     343




                                                                                                                 Financial Report




XVII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)

     6.   Segment Information (Continued)
          (2).   Financial information of reportable segment
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                          Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                         Survey,
                                     design and Construction                  Investment                        Inter-
                                      consulting        and      Industrial          and         Other       segment     Unallocated
                  Item                  services contracting manufacturing      operation   businesses   eliminations       amount           Total

                  Revenue from
                     external
                     transactions    8,616,131 171,970,802      15,718,103    14,409,366    1,376,836                                  212,091,238
                  Revenue from
                     intersegment
                     transactions      482,149   10,024,827        529,947      770,748       890,842 -12,698,513
                  Non-segmental
                    cost             5,036,186 160,042,586      13,025,351     9,423,968      626,500                                  188,154,591
                  Cost of inter-
                     segment
                     transactions      482,149   10,081,722        529,947      433,868       890,842 -12,418,528
                  Other income          22,027       63,638         91,760         8,288       34,771                                     220,484
                  Selling and
                      distribution
                      expenses         118,821      126,771        360,826      325,838       149,814                                    1,082,070
                  Administrative
                    expenses           737,341    2,502,154       1,084,599     809,631     1,786,938                                    6,920,663
                  Research and
                     development
                     expenses          960,436    3,745,782        470,909       37,380       137,427                                    5,351,934
                  Taxes and
                     surcharges         80,995      364,362        130,919      152,813        63,846                                     792,935
                  Segment profit     1,704,379    5,195,890        737,259     4,004,904    -1,352,918     -279,985                     10,009,529


          (3).   The Company shall state the reasons if no reportable segment or total assets and total
                 liabilities of each reportable segment could not be able to disclosed
                 □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

          (4).   Other explanation
                 □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
344




      Financial Report




      XVII. OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS (CONTINUED)

           7.   Other Material Transactions and Matters Which Have Influence to the Decision-makings
                of Investors
                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

           8.   Others
                □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

      XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT

           1.   Accounts Receivables
                (1).   Disclosure by aging
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                      Closing book                           Opening book
                         Aging                                                                                                             balance                                 balance

                         Within 1 year (inclusive)
                         Including: Subitem within 1 year (inclusive)
                         Subtotal within 1 year (inclusive)                                                                                        36,440                                  51,064
                         1 to 2 years
                         2 to 3 years
                         Over 3 years
                         3 to 4 years
                         4 to 5 years
                         Over 5 years

                         Total                                                                                                                     36,440                                  51,064


                (2).   Disclosure by category with the method of provision for bad debts
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                                  Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                               Closing balance                                                          Opening balance
                                                          Book balance            Provision for bad debts                        Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                   Provision                                                                   Provision
                                                                  Percentage                     percentage                                Percentage                        percentage
                         Category                    Amount              (%)    Amount                   (%)    Book value   Amount               (%)    Amount                     (%)     Book value

                         Provision for bad debts
                            on group basis            36,440             100                                        36,440   51,064              100                                           51,064
                         Including:
                           Provision for bad debts
                            on group basis            36,440             100                                        36,440   51,064              100                                           51,064

                         Total                        36,440               /                                /       36,440   51,064                 /                                  /       51,064
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                      345




                                                                                          Financial Report




XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

     1.   Accounts Receivables (Continued)
          (2).     Disclosure by category with the method of provision for bad debts (Continued)
                   Provision for bad debts on group basis:
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                             Closing balance
                                                                                    Provision           Provision
                    Name                                    Book balance       for bad debts      percentage (%)

                    Group of local governments and
                      other state-owned enterprises                36,098
                    Group of private enterprises and
                      others                                          342

                    Total                                          36,440


     2.   Other Receivables
          Breakdown by item
          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
           Item                                                              Closing balance      Opening balance

           Interest receivables                                                        9,636               11,333
           Dividend receivables                                                      372,254            2,117,306
           Other receivables                                                       1,296,198            1,168,149

           Total                                                                   1,678,088            3,296,788


          Interest Receivables
          (1).  Classification of interest receivables
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                    Item                                                     Closing balance      Opening balance

                    Time deposits                                                      9,636               11,333

                    Total                                                              9,636               11,333
346




      Financial Report




      XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

           2.   Other Receivables (Continued)
                Dividend Receivables
                (1).  Dividend receivables
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                     Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                       Project (or investee)                                 Closing balance   Opening balance

                       China Energy Engineering Group Eastern Construction
                         and Investment Co., Ltd.
                         (中國能源建設集團華東建設投資有限公司)                                       165,009           165,009
                       China Energy Engineering Group Finance Co., Ltd.
                         (中國能源建設集團財務有限公司)                                           115,876           115,876
                       China Gezhouba Group Stock Company Limited
                         (中國葛洲壩集團股份有限公司)                                             35,271           221,773
                       China Energy Engineering Group Northwestern
                         Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.
                         (中國能源建設集團西北建設投資有限公司)                                        31,832            52,291
                       China Gezhouba Group No.3 Engineering Co., Ltd.
                         (中國葛洲壩集團第三工程有限公司)                                           18,558            29,334
                       China Energy Construction (Hainan) Co., Ltd.
                         (中能建(海南)有限公司)                                                5,298             4,908
                       China Energy Construction (Kaiping) Environmental
                         Technology Co., Ltd.
                         (中能建(開平)環保科技有限公司)                                              410               410
                       China Power Engineering Consulting Group Co., Ltd.
                         (中國電力工程顧問集團有限公司)                                                           1,069,707
                       China Gezhouba Group Company Limited
                         (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司)                                                                273,940
                       China Energy Engineering Group Investment Co., Ltd.
                         (中國能源建設集團投資有限公司)                                                             172,259
                       China Energy Digital Technology Group Co., Ltd.
                         (中能建數字科技集團有限公司)                                                               11,799

                       Total                                                        372,254         2,117,306
                                                CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                     347




                                                                                          Financial Report




XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

     2.   Other Receivables (Continued)
          Other Receivables
          (1).  Disclosure by aging
                3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable
                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Closing book       Opening book
                  Aging                                                              balance             balance

                  Within 1 year (inclusive)                                          590,165             462,116
                  Subtotal within 1 year (inclusive)                                 590,165             462,116
                  1 to 2 years                                                       537,330             537,330
                  2 to 3 years                                                         8,022               8,022
                  Over 3 years
                  3 to 4 years                                                           300                 300
                  4 to 5 years                                                         9,118               9,118
                  Over 5 years                                                       151,263             151,263

                  Total                                                            1,296,198           1,168,149


          (2).   Classification by nature of accounts
                 3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                      Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Closing book       Opening book
                  Nature of amount                                                   balance             balance

                  Advances receivable                                              1,140,035           1,024,187
                  Others                                                             156,163             143,962

                  Total                                                            1,296,198           1,168,149
348




      Financial Report




      XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

           2.   Other Receivables (Continued)
                Other Receivables (Continued)
                (3).  Top five other receivables in closing balance by debtors
                      3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                   Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                         Proportion of the
                                                                                           closing balance                                                      Closing balance
                                                                                             of total other                                                     of provisions for
                        Name of entity                                 Closing balance     receivables (%)    Nature of the amount Aging                        bad debts

                        China Gezhouba Group No.3 Engineering                 650,084                50.15    Other advances        Within 1 year, 1-2 years
                           Co., Ltd.                                                                          receivable
                           (中國葛洲壩集團第三工程有限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group                        132,228                 10.2    Other advances        Within 1 year, 2-3 years,
                           Northwestern Construction and                                                      receivable, others    over 5 years
                           Investment Co., Ltd.
                           (中國能源建設集團西北建設投資有
                           限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering Group Northern               132,000                10.18    Other advances        Within 1 year, 1-2 years
                           Construction Investment Co., Ltd.                                                  receivable, others
                           (中國能源建設集團北方建設投資有
                           限公司)
                        China Energy Engineering (Hong Kong)                   48,181                 3.72    Other advances        1-2 years
                           Company Limited                                                                    receivable
                           (中國能源建設香港有限公司)
                        China Energy Construction (Hainan) Co., Ltd.           53,941                 4.16    Receivables of equity Within 1 year
                           (中能建(海南)有限公司)                                                                      transfer

                        Total                                               1,016,434                78.41    /                     /


                (4).   Other receivables reported due to collective capital management
                       □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                       Other explanation:

                       □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                                                 CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                       2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                       349




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report




XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

     3.   Long-term Equity Investments
          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                        Closing balance                                                     Opening balance
                                                                        Provisions for                                                       Provisions for
           Item                                      Book balance         impairment              Book value            Book balance           impairment            Book value

           Investment in subsidiaries                 104,595,174                                104,595,174            103,029,948                             103,029,948
           Investment in associates and
              joint ventures                                   73,269                                     73,269               73,269                                    73,269

           Total                                      104,668,443                                104,668,443            103,103,217                             103,103,217


          (1).     Investment in subsidiaries
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                         Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                  Opening                       Changes for the period                                     Closing
                                                                   Opening      balance of                                                                 Closing      balance of
                                                                    balance      provisions                                   Provisions                   balance       provisions
                                                                   (carrying             for    Increase in   Decrease in             for                (carrying               for
                    Name of investee                               amount)     impairment      investment     investment    impairment         Others     amount)      impairment

                    China Gezhouba Group Stock Company
                       Limited
                       (中國葛洲壩集團股份有限公司)                           32,322,790                                                                             32,322,790
                    China Power Engineering Consulting
                       Group Co., Ltd.
                       (中國電力工程顧問集團有限公司)                          20,874,891                                                                             20,874,891
                    China Energy International Group Co.,
                       Ltd.
                       (中能建國際建設集團有限公司)                            7,116,253                                                                              7,116,253
                    China Gezhouba Group Company Limited
                       (中國葛洲壩集團有限公司)                              6,067,316                                                                              6,067,316
                    China Energy Engineering Group Southern
                       Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.
                       (中國能源建設集團南方建設投資
                       有限公司)                                      5,444,251                                       47,354                                 5,396,897
                    China Energy Engineering Group
                       Investment Co., Ltd.
                       (中國能源建設集團投資有限公司)                           4,618,811                                                                              4,618,811
                    China Energy Engineering Group Eastern
                       Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.
                       (中國能源建設集團華東建設投資
                       有限公司)                                      3,982,971                                                                              3,982,971
                    China Energy Engineering Group
                       Equipment Co., Ltd.
                       (中國能建集團裝備有限公司)                             3,600,256                                                                              3,600,256
350




      Financial Report




      XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

           3.   Long-term Equity Investments (Continued)
                (1).   Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                       Opening                       Changes for the period                               Closing
                                                                        Opening      balance of                                                             Closing    balance of
                                                                         balance      provisions                                   Provisions               balance     provisions
                                                                        (carrying             for    Increase in   Decrease in             for            (carrying             for
                        Name of investee                                amount)     impairment      investment     investment    impairment      Others    amount)    impairment

                        China Energy Engineering Group North
                           Construction and Investment Co., Ltd.
                           (中國能源建設集團北方建設投資
                           有限公司)                                       3,592,003                                                                          3,592,003
                        China Energy Engineering Group Finance
                           Co., Ltd.
                           (中國能源建設集團財務有限公司)                            2,941,836                                                                          2,941,836
                        China Gezhouba Group No.3 Engineering
                           Co., Ltd.
                           (中國葛洲壩集團第三工程有限公司)                           2,499,706                                                                          2,499,706
                        China Energy Digital Technology Group
                           Co., Ltd.
                           (中能建數字科技集團有限公司)                             1,516,700                      225,580                                             1,742,280
                        Energy China Construction Hydrogen
                           Energy Co., Ltd.
                           (中能建氫能源有限公司)                                 610,500                       890,000                                             1,500,500
                        China Energy Construction Pilot I (Tianjin)
                           Enterprise Management Center
                           (Limited Partnership)
                           (中能建領航壹號(天津)企業管理中心
                           (有限合夥))                                     1,470,000                                                                          1,470,000
                        China Energy Engineering Group
                           Northwestern Construction and
                           Investment Co., Ltd.
                           (中國能源建設集團西北建設投資
                           有限公司)                                       1,346,822                                                                          1,346,822
                        China Energy Construction Pilot IV
                           (Tianjin) Enterprise Management
                           Center (Limited Partnership)
                           (中能建領航肆號(天津)企業管理中心
                           (有限合夥))                                     1,310,000                                                                          1,310,000
                        China Energy Construction Green Building
                           Materials Co., Ltd.
                           (中能建綠色建材有限公司)                                927,660                         41,500                                             969,160
                        China Energy Construction Pilot II (Tianjin)
                           Enterprise Management Center
                           (Limited Partnership)
                           (中能建領航貳號(天津)企業管理中心
                           (有限合夥))                                      920,000                                                                            920,000
                                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED                                     2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                                                                                     351




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report




XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

     3.   Long-term Equity Investments (Continued)
          (1).   Investment in subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                    Opening                       Changes for the period                                 Closing
                                                                     Opening      balance of                                                               Closing    balance of
                                                                      balance      provisions                                   Provisions                 balance     provisions
                                                                     (carrying             for    Increase in   Decrease in             for              (carrying             for
                  Name of investee                                   amount)     impairment      investment     investment    impairment      Others      amount)    impairment

                  China Energy Construction Prefabricated
                     Building Industry Development
                     Co., Ltd.
                     (中能建裝配式建築產業發展有限公司)                              706,064                         25,500                                               731,564
                  China Energy Construction Pilot III (Tianjin)
                     Enterprise Management Center
                     (Limited Partnership)
                     (中能建領航叁號(天津)企業管理中心
                     (有限合夥))                                         640,000                                                                              640,000
                  Inspire I (Tianjin) Enterprise Management
                      Center (Limited Partnership)
                      (啟發壹號(天津)企業管理中心(有
                      限合夥))                                                                        405,000                                                405,000
                  China Energy Engineering Huazhong
                     Investment Co., Ltd.
                     (中能建華中投資有限公司)                                   291,000                                                                              291,000
                  China Energy Construction Southwest
                     Investment Co., Ltd.
                     (中能建西南投資有限公司)                                   107,000                         25,000                                               132,000
                  China Energy Construction (Kaiping)
                     Environmental Technology Co., Ltd.
                     (中能建(開平)環保科技有限公司)                                76,856                                                                               76,856
                  China Energy Construction (Hainan)
                     Co., Ltd.
                     (中能建(海南)有限公司)                                    45,000                                                                               45,000
                  China Energy Engineering (Hong Kong)
                     Company Limited
                     (中國能源建設香港有限公司)                                     1,262                                                                                1,262

                  Total                                           103,029,948                    1,612,580          47,354                             104,595,174
352




      Financial Report




      XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

           3.   Long-term Equity Investments (Continued)
                (2).   Investment in associates and joint ventures
                       3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                                                                            Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                Changes for the period
                                                                                                      Investment
                                                                                                           gains/
                                                                     Opening                               losses                         Declared
                                                          Opening balance of                          recognized Adjustment               and paid                    Closing      Closing
                                                            balance provision                              under       for other Change       cash                    balance balance of
                                                          (carrying       for Increase in Decrease in      equity comprehensive in other dividends Provision for    (carrying provision for
                        Name of investee                   amount) impairment investment investment method               income equity or profits impairment Others amount) impairment

                        I. Joint venture
                          China Energy Urban and Rural
                            Investment (Chongqing) Co.,
                            Ltd. (中能建城鄉投資(重慶)
                            有限公司)                          51,000                                                                                                       51,000
                        Sub-total                          51,000                                                                                                       51,000
                        II. Associate
                          Huatai Insurance Agency &
                            Consultant Service Ltd.
                            (華泰保險經紀有限公司)                   22,269                                                                                                       22,269
                        Sub-total                          22,269                                                                                                       22,269

                        Total                              73,269                                                                                                       73,269


                (3).   Impairment testing of long-term equity investments
                       □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

                       Other explanation:
                       □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
                                                  CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED    2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        353




                                                                                             Financial Report




XVIII. NOTES TO MAJOR ITEMS IN FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

     4.   Operating Income and Operating Costs
          (1).     Operating income and operating costs
                   3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                        Amount for the current period    Amount for the last period
                    Item                                     Revenue            Cost        Revenue              Cost

                    Principal activities                      104,745         86,246        244,856          236,502
                    Other businesses                             137

                    Total                                     104,882         86,246        244,856          236,502
                    Including: Income from contracts
                                  with customers              104,882         86,246        244,856          236,502


     5.   Investment Income
          3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                                                                                Amount for the        Amount for the
           Item                                                                  current period          last period

           Income from long-term equity investments under cost method                   611,912              255,559
           Interest income from holding debt investments                                145,358                  667

           Total                                                                        757,270              256,226


     6.   Others
          □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
354




      Financial Report




      XIX. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

          1.   Breakdown of Non-Recurring Profit or Loss
               3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                        Unit: ’000 Currency: RMB
                Item                                                                   Amount         Description

                Gains or loss from disposal of non-current assets, including the
                  offset part provided for asset impairment                             74,807
                Government subsidies included in profit or loss for the current
                  period, but excluding the government grants which are closely
                  related to the Company’s normal business, in compliance with
                  national policies and regulations, granted based on determined
                  standards and have continuous impact on the profit or loss of
                  the Company                                                          141,187
                Profit or loss on changes in fair value resulted from holding
                  of the financial assets and financial liabilities, and profit or
                  loss on disposal of financial assets and financial liabilities by
                  nonfinancial enterprises, except the effective hedging business
                  related to the Company’s normal business                              -5,996
                Fund possession cost received from non-financial enterprises and
                  included in profit or loss for the current period                     33,491
                Profit or loss from entrustment of investment or asset
                  management
                Gain or loss on external entrusted loans
                Asset losses due to force majeure such as natural disaster
                Reversal of the impairment provision for receivables which are
                  tested individually for impairment                                     6,278
                Profit arising from investment cost for acquisition of subsidiaries,
                  associates and joint ventures less than the fair value of
                  identifiable net assets of the invested entity at the time of
                  acquisition
                Current net profit or loss of subsidiaries resulting from merger of
                  enterprises under common control from the beginning of the
                  period to the date of merger
                Profit or loss from exchange of non-monetary assets
                Profit or loss from debt restructuring                                  13,601
                One-off expenses arising from relevant discontinued operations
                  of the Company, such as expenses on employee placement
                One-off effect of adjustment to laws and regulations on taxation
                  and accounting on current profit or loss
                Share-based payments one-off recognised due to cancellation or
                  revision of share option incentive scheme
                                                   CHINA ENERGY ENGINEERING CORPORATION LIMITED   2025 INTERIM REPORT
                                                                                                                        355




                                                                                             Financial Report




XIX. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

    1.   Breakdown of Non-Recurring Profit or Loss (Continued)
          Item                                                                         Amount            Description

          Profit or loss from changes in fair value of employee benefits
            payable after the exercise date with respective to the cash
            settle share-based payment
          Profit or loss from changes in fair value of investment properties
            using the fair value model for subsequent measurement
          Gains arising from transactions at unfair trading prices over their
            fair value
          Gain or loss on other contingencies which are not related to the
            Company’ s normal operations
          Entrusted fee income from entrusted operations
          Anticipated losses from litigation/guarantee
          Other non-operating income and expense other than the items
            above                                                                       110,420
          Other profit or loss items falling within the meaning of
            nonrecurring profit or loss
          Sub-total                                                                     373,788
          Less: Income tax expense (decrease in income tax expense
            represented by “-”)                                                          80,654
          Profit or loss from minority interests                                         12,679
          Non-recurring profit or loss attributable to shareholders of the
            parent company, net                                                         280,455


         Reasons shall be given for items not listed in the Explanatory Announcement No.1 on Information
         Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public – Non-recurring Profits or Losses but defined
         by the Company as non-recurring profit or loss and with significant amount, and for non-recurring profit
         or loss items listed in the Explanatory Announcement No.1 on Information Disclosure by Companies
         Offering Securities to the Public – Non-recurring Profits or Losses but defined by the Company as
         recurring profit or loss.

         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

         Other explanation

         □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable
356




      Financial Report




      XIX. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

          2.   Return on Net Assets and Earnings Per Share
               3 Applicable  □ Not Applicable

                                                                                               Earnings per share
                                                                               Weighted
                                                                          average return          Basic       Diluted
                                                                           on net assets      earnings       earnings
                Profit for the Reporting Period                                      (%)     per share      per share

                Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
                  Company                                                           2.41        0.0628         0.0628
                Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
                  Company after deducting non-recurring profit or loss              2.15        0.0561         0.0561


          3.   Differences in Accounting Data under Domestic and Overseas Accounting Standards
               □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

          4.   Others
               □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable

               Revised Information
               □ Applicable  3 Not Applicable




                                                                                Chairman of the Board (acting): Ni Zhen

                                                            Date of approval and delivery by the Board: 28 August 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Businesses
                                                                                                                     創新 (Innovation) | 綠色 (Green) | 數智 (Digital Intelligence) | 融合 (Integration)

                                                                                                                                                                                Industrial
                                                                                                                                                                              Manufacturing


                                                                                                                                                Construction and
                                                                                                                                                  Contracting


                                                                                                                Survey, Design and
                                                                                                                Consulting Services




                                                                                                                                           Y
                                                                                                                                           G
                                                                                                                                          ER
                                                                                                                                      EN
                                                                                                                                      G
                                                                                                                                IN
                                                                                                                               G
                                                                                                                            IN
                                                                                                                         BR




                                                                                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025




                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                               OR
                                                                                                                                                                   LD
                                                                                                                                                                            Double Carbon Pioneer
                                                                                                                                                             W              Empowering the Future
                                                                                                                                                          TH
                                                                                                                                                             E
Head office: Building 1, No. 26A, West Dawang Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC
                                                                                                                                                       TO
Tel: +86(10)59098818      Fax: +86(10)59098711
Postal code: 100022      Company’s Website: www.ceec.net.cn                                                                                                                                (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s
E-mail: zgnj3996@ceec.net.cn                                                                                                                                                                               Republic of China with limited liability)
                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Stock Code: 3996) (A Share: 601868)
