                                                   UNITED STATES
                                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                               WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                                                        FORM 20-F
(Mark One)

    ☐ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                                                 OR


    ☑ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
      ACT OF 1934
     For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2026
                                                                                 OR


    ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
      ACT OF 1934
                                                                                 OR


    ☐ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
      EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
    Date of event requiring this shell company report . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

    For the transition period from                                         to

Commission file number 001-10086

                    VODAFONE GROUP PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY






                                                    (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

                                                                            As above






                                                       (Translation of Registrant’s name into English)

                                                                             England






                                                        (Jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

                          Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN, England






                                                            (Address of principal executive offices)

                              Maaike de Bie (Group General Counsel and Company Secretary)
                                   Telephone +44 (0) 1635 33251 email ir@vodafone.co.uk
                          Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN, England


                      (Name, Telephone, E-mail and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act.
                                                                                                            Name of each exchange
Title of each class                                                          Trading symbol(s)              on which registered
    Ordinary shares of 20 20/21 US cents each                                   VOD                           NASDAQ Global Select Market*
    American Depositary Shares (evidenced by American                           VOD
      Depositary Receipts) each representing ten ordinary shares                                              NASDAQ Global Select Market
    6.250% Notes due November 2032                                              VOD32                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    6.150% Notes due February 2037                                              VOD37                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.000% Notes due 30 May 2038                                                VOD38                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    4.375% Notes due February 2043                                              VOD43                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.250% Notes due 30 May 2048                                                VOD48                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    4.875% Notes due 19 June 2049                                               VOD49                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050                                          VOD50                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.625% Notes due 10 February 2053                                           VOD53                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.750% Notes due 28 June 2054                                               VOD54                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.125% Notes due 19 June 2059                                               VOD59                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.750% Notes due 10 February 2063                                           VOD63                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    5.875% Notes due 28 June 2064                                               VOD64                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    Capital Securities due April 2079                                           VOD79                         The NASDAQ Stock Market
    NC5.25 Capital Securities due 2081                                          VOD81A                        The NASDAQ Stock Market
    NC10 Capital Securities due 2081                                            VOD81B                        The NASDAQ Stock Market
    NC30 Capital Securities due 2081                                            VOD81C                        The NASDAQ Stock Market



    Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act.
                                                                         None

                                                                    (Title of Class)

    Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act.
                                                                         None

                                                                    (Title of Class)

    Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the close of the period covered
    by the annual report.
    Ordinary Shares of 20 20/21 US cents each: 24,328,378,589
    7% Cumulative Fixed Rate Shares of £1 each: 50,000

    Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
    Yes ☑ No ☐

    If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13
    or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
    Yes ☐ No ☑

    Note - Checking the box above will not relieve any registrant required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934 from their obligations under those Sections.

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
    Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
    and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
    Yes ☑ No ☐

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
    to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
    was required to submit such files).
    Yes ☑ No ☐
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or an emerging
    growth company. See definition of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the
    Exchange Act.

    Large accelerated filer ☑              Accelerated filer ☐                 Non-accelerated filer ☐            Emerging growth company ☐

    If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by check mark if the
    registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards†
    provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

    † The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board to its
    Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.

    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of
    its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
    accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑

    If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
    included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

    Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
    compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

    Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements included in this filing:
    U.S. GAAP ☐                         International Financial Reporting Standards as issued ☑                         Other ☐
                                        by the International Accounting Standards Board

    If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial statement item the registrant
    has elected to follow.
    Item 17 ☐ Item 18 ☐

    If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
    Act).
    Yes ☐ No ☑





    Auditor Firm PCAOB ID: 01438
    Auditor Name: Ernst & Young LLP
    Auditor Location: London, United Kingdom
Annual Vodafone Report Group on Form Plc 20-F 2026





Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report        Governance                    Financials                                Other information


Welcome to our Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                                                          In this report
                                                                                                                        Strategic report
This constitutes the Annual Report on Form 20-F of Vodafone Group Plc (the ‘Company’) in accordance with                1     FY26 highlights
                                                                                                                        2     Business model
the requirements of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the ‘SEC’) for the year ended 31 March                   3     Our mission
2026. This document contains certain information set out within the Company’s Annual Report in accordance               4     Investment case
                                                                                                                        5     Mega-trends
with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the International Accounting Standards           6     Chair’s message
                                                                                                                        7     Chief Executive’s statement and strategic roadmap
Board (‘IASB’). The content of the Group’s website (www.vodafone.com) and any other website referenced in               8     Key Performance Indicators
this document is not incorporated into this document and should not be considered to form part of this Annual           9     Stakeholder engagement
                                                                                                                        12    Our financial performance
Report on Form 20-F.                                                                                                    23    ESG and responsible business
                                                                                                                        25    ESG governance and our approach to materiality
                                                                                                                        28    Protecting the Planet
                                                                                                                        33    Empowering people
                                                                                                                        38    Our people strategy
                                                                                                                        44    Maintaining trust
                                                                                                                        47    - Law Enforcement Assistance
                                                                                                                        48    - Supply chain
                                                                                                                        50    - Data privacy and cyber security
                                                                                                                        58    Non-financial information
                                                                                                                        60    Principle risks and uncertainties
                                                                                                                        63    Risk management
                                                                                                                        65    Climate-related risk
                                                                                                                        Governance
                                                                                                                        71    Governance at a glance
                                                                                                                        72    Chair’s governance statement
                                                                                                                        74    Our governance structure and responsibilities
                                                                                                                        77    Our Board
                                                                                                                        81    Our Executive Committee
                                                                                                                        82    Culture and the Board
                                                                                                                        84    Board activities and key areas of focus during the year
                                                                                                                        89    Nominations and Governance Committee
                                                                                                                        92    Audit and Risk Committee
                                                                                                                        98    Technology Committee
                                                                                                                        99    ESG Committee
                                                                                                                        100   Remuneration Committee
                                                                                                                        103   Remuneration Policy
                                                                                                                        109   Annual Report on Remuneration
                                                                                                                        121   US listing requirements
                                                                                                                        122   Directors’ report
                                                                                                                        Financials
                                                                                                                        124   Reporting on our financial performance
                                                                                                                        125   Directors’ statement of responsibility
                                                                                                                        127   Report of independent registered public accounting firm
                                                                                                                        137   Consolidated financial statements and notes
                                                                                                                        Other information
                                                                                                                        226   Non-GAAP measures
                                                                                                                        236   Shareholder information
                                                                                                                        242   History and development
                                                                                                                        243   Regulation
                                                                                                                        245   Form 20-F cross reference guide
                                                                                                                        249   Forward-looking statements
                                                                                                                        250   Definition of terms
                Strategic report                                   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   1



    FY26 highlights
    



    
        Vodafone, a new chapter
        Since May 2023, Vodafone has been
        through a period of significant
        transformation, covering all aspects of our
        business, including portfolio, capital
        structure and operating model. Three
        years on, we are entering a new chapter
        as a simpler business. We have a clear
        strategy and through continued execution,
        we are in a strong position to grow.

        €3.1 billion
        total shareholder return in FY26

        4.6125 eurocents
        full year dividend per share, a 2.5%
        increase year-on-year, in line with our
        commitment

        €4 billion
        share buybacks since May 2024




    Notes:
    1. Promoter-to-detractor mix reflects proportion of promotor
       customers compared to detractor customers in each
       market. Period covered FY24 to FY26, with the
       exception of South Africa which is based on FY25 to
       FY26.
    2. Represents Vodafone’s share of total
       telecommunications service revenue as at 31 December
       2025, rounded to nearest 5%, based on Vodafone
       analysis. South Africa market share based on mobile
       service revenue only.
    3. Excluding cumulative re-investments.
    4. Based on shared operations net promoter scores.
    5. Based on average response to two questions: employee
       satisfaction and recommending us as an employer.
    6. This is a non-GAAP measures. See page 226 for more
       information.
    7. Organic growth. See page 227 for more information.

    
    2       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           Strategic report                      Governance                                      Financials                                 Other information






        Business model
        We are a leading European and African telecommunications company transforming the way our customers live and work through our technology, platforms,
        products and services.
        

        Where we operate                                                                                   How we are structured and what we sell
        We provide mobile and fixed services to approximately 300 million customers in 15 countries        Core connectivity products and services in fixed and mobile account for the majority of
        and have over 59 million FinTech users. Through our joint ventures and associates we serve a       our revenue. However, our portfolio also includes high return growth areas that leverage and
        further 72 million customers and 44 million FinTech users. We also partner with mobile             complement our core connectivity business, such as digital services, the Internet of Things
        networks in over 40 countries outside our footprint. Our portfolio of local markets is supported   (‘IoT’) and financial services. We also market and sell through digital and physical channels.
                                                                                                           
        by corporate services and shared operations, which deliver benefits through scale and                    See pages 9 to 11 for the value we create for our customers, communities and other stakeholders
        standardisation.
        




        
                                                                                                                                                                    Strategic report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Governance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financials                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Other information                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   3


    Our mission

    CONNECTING...
    Our mission is to connect everyone. We provide innovative mobile and fixed connectivity solutions to empower our customers across the globe. We are
    constantly expanding coverage to bridge continents and spread inclusion, even in the most remote places. Together with our trusted partners, we’re also
    connecting people with the future – pioneering digital tools and services to build sustainable growth, resilience and shared value for years to come.
    




    PEOPLE Faster, more reliable networks Connectivity brings people together. Across Europe and Africa, we’re helping millions stay in touch and access resources and digital opportunities. By providing affordable digital services, fast and reliable mobile and fixed networks, and expanding coverage to remote places, we are committed to ensuring noone is left behind. 279 million mobile customers 18 million fixed broadband customers 158,000 Mobile sites across Europe and Afirca 78% 5G population coverage across Europe1 78% 4G population coverage across Africa 1. Excluding Türkiye. BUSINESSES Empowering businesses, worldwide Advanced connectivity helps make enterprises smarter, faster and stronger. Business services are one of our strongest opportunities, and we continue to invest in solutions to drive scale in this market – from broadband to security, cloud and our world-leading Internet of Things platform. 5 million business customers 244 million ‘Internet of Things’ connections 75 countries with Business presence 24/71millionkilometers cyber operations centre in Germany €175 million total consideration for Skaylink acquisition CONTINENTS From the seabed to the stars We believe advanced global connectivity accelerates progress. Through cutting-edge satellite systems and subsea cable networks, we unite countries, communities and businesses. This infrastructure supports innovation, expands access and opportunity for everyone, and is the cornerstone of value and resilience in our business. 100% geographic coverage possible with satellites, including direct-to-mobile 5 partnerships between operators and ‘Satellite Connect Europe’ covering 20+ markets 70 subsea cables invested in or co-owned Ofter restrial fibre 180 countries connected by subsea cables FUTURES Tomorrow’s tech, today We are always looking forward. Together with our partners, we’re harnessing emerging technologies like artificial intelligence and quantum computing to boost efficiency, enhance customer satisfaction, and improve our access to growth markets. These projects have huge potential to generate sustainable value in a smarter, more connected world. 96% ‘Ask Once’ promise delivery 75,000 employees served with our HR digital assistant with a 96% resolution rate 30% sourcing time reduction through our autonomous procurement platform Amazon Leo agreement signed to extend mobile coverage acrossEuropeandAfrica 3,500+ the size of our patent portfolio, with 291 new patent applications this year




    
    4                          Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Strategic report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Governance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financials                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Other information






        Investment case
        We operate in markets with sustainable structures, where we hold strong positions with scale. We have compelling structural growth drivers in Vodafone
        Business, Africa and in our portfolio of investments and are focused on delivering operational excellence across our strategic priorities of Customers, Simplicity
        and Growth.
        




        1. Strong positions in good markets 2. Structural growth drivers We operate with scale and strong positions, in markets typically with three players. Digital services Financial services Investment and innovation CY25 revenue market sharec.25% c.20%2 c.25% c.25% c.45% +14.2% 59m €1bn Germany UK Other Europe Türkiye Africa digital services financialservices cash proceeds for the (0.2)% 1 0.3% 1 0.5% 1 45.2% 1 12.9%1 growth in FY26 customers announced sale of our interests in VodafoneZiggo Europe Consumer Africa Consumer Vodafone Business We deliver leading customer We are growing our customer We are the largest B2B We have unique scale and Together with Vodacom’s Our non-controlled operations experiences through digital and base by expanding smartphone connectivity provider in Europe capabilities, and are expanding VodaPay super-app, and the are managed centrally through AI-enabled care. Focused on access and data use, delivering and Africa. We serve businesses our portfolio of products and M-Pesa and Vodafone Cash VodafoneInvestments,reflecting customers, simplicity and growth, connectivity at scale, diversifying of all sizes whilst diversifying services into growth areas such payment platforms, we are a that these assets need a different we streamline operations, build revenue and geographies, products and services, asunifiedcommunications, leadingprovideroffinancial governance and oversight best-in-class networks and are advancing digital inclusion and by accelerating growth cloud and security, and loT. services, as well as business structure to support their growth positioned to drive convergence. supporting health and education. by in digital services. and merchant services in Africa. and maximise value creation. 3. Focus on driving operational excellence 4. Sustainable and predictable financial profile Customers Simplicity Growth Back to basics Driving a leaner organisation Our portfolio Cash flow Robust balance sheet 10 markets +83% +5.4% €14.3bn €8.9bn with leading NPS positions shared operations NPS3 organic service revenue growth In flow from of cash and cash equivalents (+8.8% reported service reveue operating activities at 31 March 2026 growth) (target range of 2.25–2.75x) We’re delivering a simple, By reducing complexity in our predictable experience our business, we’re increasing agility We’ve refocused on growing Attractive returns Share buyback customers expect. Our customer and freeing resources to become markets where we can win and satisfaction has improved across more competitive. Our actions createvalue.Ourdiversified 4.6125 €4bn our markets, and our actions have support reinvestment, drive footprint, disciplined capital eurocents of share buybacks supported market share, with productivity enhancements, allocation and clear operational since May 2024 strong network reliability. improve employee engagement progress provide us with the growing the dividend and deliver strong satisfaction confidenceinourmid-term with Shared Operations. value equation. Notes 1. Organic FY26 service revenue growth 3. Based on shared operations net promoter scores. 2. Represents Vodafone’s share of total telecommunications service revenue as at 31 December 2025, rounded to nearest 5%, based on Vodafone analysis. South Africa market share based on mobile service revenue only.




        
                                                                                                                                                                     Strategic report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Governance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financials                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Other information                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           5


    Mega trends

    Long-term trends shaping our industry
    We are shaping the future of connectivity. Our innovative, world-class solutions will help our customers thrive in this evolving landscape, driving resilience and
    long-term value in our business.
    




    Long-term trends shaping our industry Opportunity for Vodafone Connected devices – The world is becoming more connected and whilst adoption of consumer electronics devices has plateaued, new factors continue to emerge, including extending connectivity into the Internet of Things (‘IoT’). – IoT devices are used in consumer and business applications. As their number grows, physical assets communicate in real time, enabling digital markets. – This leads to the Economy of Things, where devices trade securely on a user’s behalf without human intervention, creating opportunities to transform goods into tradeable digital assets for online markets. Digital payments – Businesses in Europe are migrating sales online, driving demand for mobile-enabled payment services and reliable connectivity. Consumers are shifting from cash to digital payments via mobile phones and smartwatches. – In Africa, digital payments are primarily conducted via mobile phones through networks owned by operators. – Rising smartphone penetration drives mobile payment adoption, enabling operators and FinTech start-ups to offer services like insurance, loans, and e-commerce, improving financial inclusion in underserved areas. Cloud Technology – As cloud convergence accelerates, enterprises are distributing applications, data and workloads across hybrid and multi-cloud environments. This shift is driving demand for integrated digital infrastructure combining connectivity with cloud, software and AI. – Cyber security and data sovereignty are becoming central to cloud adoption. Customers require protection, resilience and control over where data is stored and governed. – As application performance, trust and compliance become dependent on network reliability, resilience, cyber security and data sovereignty, these attributes are expected to become more important differentiators than speed alone. Generative AI – GenAI is moving from experimentation to scaled deployment across functions, embedded in customer service, marketing, software delivery and IT operations. – Models generate content, code and recommendations, improving decision-making and productivity, while increasing data, security and governance requirements. – Agentic AI is also gaining prominence, with agents able to plan and complete tasks across applications, reshaping how people search, buy and manage services, and accelerating automation and new business models at greater scale. 40.6 billion forecast for the number of IoT connections by 2034, increasing from 17.7 billion in 2024. $2.0 trillion+ the annual value of mobile money transactions reached globally in 2025, doubling since 2021. Growth business expected -to-business in cloud and security. 79% The percentage of organisations regularly using Gen Al in at least one business function, up from 33% in 2023. We are a global leader in managed IoT connectivity services, recognised for our extensive reach and innovative solutions. We have helped thousands of companies achieve their transformation goals. This ranges from energy optimisation to smart waste management, from urban mobility to connected healthcare. We are now ready to hyperscale IoT. We are bringing together partners, and technology to create the IoT ecosystem for the next decade. Our partnership with Microsoft further gives us the potential to access new technologiessuchasGenerativeArtificialIntelligence(‘GenAI’)andtodeploytheseat scale for IoT. In Europe, we enable secure digital payments within trusted operator
    ecosystems, supporting growth as demand increases for integrated, regulated payment solutions. M-Pesa is Africa’s leading mobile money service and largest FinTech platform, offering secure and affordable money transfers, airtime top-ups, bill payments, salaries, and short-term loans. Businesses increasingly rely on operator-owned payment infrastructure forconsumerandbusinesstransactions,drivingscalebenefitsandattractingcustomers to secure networks. Vodacom’s VodaPay super app enables users to manage money through a digital wallet and make payments for various products and services via partner businesses. As cloud convergence accelerates, our opportunity extends beyond connectivity to orchestrating integrated digital infrastructure for customers. By combining high-quality, reliable networks with cloud, AI, cyber, data-sovereign and software capabilities, we can enable secure, scalable and mission-critical services. As application performance becomes increasingly dependent on network reliability, resilience and data sovereignty, these attributes are expected to become more important differentiators than speed alone, supporting long-term value creation for enterprise customers. We can deploy GenAI at speed and scale through partnerships with Google and Microsoft, enhancing TOBi and enabling more personalised experiences across customer touchpoints. As agentic AI grows, Vodafone can support new shopping and service journeys and explore new revenue opportunities, for example agent-enabled commerce and proactive care. Internally, GenAI and agents can automate testing, service assurance andback-officeworkflows,improvingproductivity,reliabilityanddigitalefficiencyacross our networks end-to-end.




    
    6       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                   Strategic report                        Governance                                    Financials                         Other information






        The start of a new chapter for Vodafone
        



        Since May 2023, when Margherita outlined               proceedings and complete the acquisition in the 2026     operating activities was €14.3 billion. We ended the        The path forward is clear. Europe must apply a
        her transformation roadmap, Vodafone has               calendar year.                                           year with borrowings less cash and cash equivalents         genuine Single Market approach to connectivity –
        fundamentally changed to become a simpler                                                                       on €43.7 billion.                                           bringing sector reform, security priorities and
                                                               Board composition                                                                                                    competition policy into closer alignment to unlock
        and stronger business. As we enter a new                                                                        In line with our ambition to grow the dividend within
        era for telecoms, with new forces driving              In April 2025, we announced that David Nish would                                                                    long-term investment, foster innovation and support
                                                                                                                        the capital allocation policy announced in February
                                                               retire from the Board following nine years’ service as                                                               sustainable returns.
        demand for our connectivity and next-                                                                           2024 and having now completed our portfolio
                                                               Non-Executive Director, at the conclusion of the AGM
        generation technologies unlocking new                                                                           transformation, in November 2025 we committed to a          Alongside Europe, Africa remains central to Vodafone.
                                                               in July 2025. At the AGM, Simon Dingemans, who had
        opportunities, we are focused on sustainable                                                                    progressive dividend policy. For FY26 the Board has         Connectivity across the continent is a powerful
                                                               joined the Board earlier in the year, was appointed
        growth.                                                                                                         declared a total dividend per share of 4.6125               enabler of economic development, financial inclusion
                                                               Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and Simon
                                                                                                                        eurocents for the year, equating to a 2.5% increase.        and social progress. Through Vodacom, we play a
        
        
                                                               Segars was appointed as Senior Independent
                                                                                                                        This includes a final dividend per share of 2.3625          significant role in extending access to affordable,
        Over the past three years, we have successfully        Director, replacing David Nish. In addition, as
                                                                                                                        eurocents, which will be paid in August 2026 following      reliable communications and digital services,
        reshaped our footprint, reset our capital structure    announced earlier in the year, Anne-Françoise
                                                                                                                        shareholder approval at our AGM.                            supporting growth while contributing to broader
        and refocused our efforts to improve the experience    Nesmes was also appointed as Non-Executive                                                                           development objectives.
        we deliver to approximately 300 million customers      Director, bringing further financial expertise and       Our returns to shareholders are complemented by our
        across Europe and Africa. Vodafone has become a        strength to the Board.                                   share buyback program. We have now successfully             Vodafone is well positioned to play a leading role in
        simpler, scaled business in good markets,                                                                       completed the second €2 billion programme, returning        this next chapter and contribute constructively across
                                                               In June 2025, I was pleased to announce that Pilar       €4 billion to shareholders since May 2024.                  both regions. Our strong positions in Europe and
        underpinned by a clear strategy. The Board and I       López would join Vodafone in October 2025 as CFO
        are pleased with both the pace of delivery and the                                                                                                                          Africa, unparalleled, high quality networks, and
                                                               designate and would be appointed as Group Chief          Europe and Africa’s digital future                          disciplined capital allocation enable us to support
        progress made in transforming the business.            Financial Officer and an Executive Director in           We are entering a decisive phase in shaping our             societies and economies at scale, while creating
        As I look back, FY26 has been a busy year. In          December 2025. Pilar brings strong finance               digital and economic future. Connectivity is an             sustainable value for shareholders over the long term.
        Europe, we completed our merger with Three UK in       experience from the telecommunications and               essential infrastructure, underpinning productivity,
        May 2025, making us the largest mobile operator in     technology sectors across Europe.                        innovation, security and public services. For               The year ahead
        the UK. On 5 May 2026, we announced to take full                                                                Vodafone, this reinforces a long-held conviction:           On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our
                                                               In May 2026, we also announced that Amparo
        ownership of the VodafoneThree joint venture for                                                                advanced, secure and resilient networks are                 colleagues across the Group who have continued to
                                                               Moraleda would not stand for re-election at the 2026
        £4.3 billion (€4.9 billion). In October 2025, we                                                                fundamental to the competitiveness and long-term            work tirelessly to connect our customers across
                                                               AGM, having served on the Board for nine years. I
        concluded the acquisition of Telekom Romania,                                                                   growth of Europe and Africa.                                Europe and Africa, deliver a simpler experience, and
                                                               would like to thank Amparo for her outstanding service
        increasing our scale in the county. In February                                                                                                                             accelerate growth. For FY27, I am confident that
                                                               and commitment to Vodafone.                              Despite progress, Europe’s connectivity landscape
        2026, we also announced the sale of our interests                                                                                                                           Margherita and her management team will continue to
                                                                                                                        remains fragmented. Regulatory complexity and
        in VodafoneZiggo. In Africa, we continued to           FY26 financial performance                               inconsistent market structures continue to limit scale      drive sustainable growth.
        strengthen our market-leading position in the          Our financial results for FY26 were in line with our     and slow investment, particularly in advanced 5G            Jean-François van Boxmeer,
        continent, having announced the acquisition of a       expectations. Total revenue grew 8.0% to                 capabilities. Without greater alignment, Europe risks       Chair
        controlling stake in Safaricom, one of Africa’s most   €40.5 billion, with Group organic service revenue        falling behind global peers at a time when digital
        successful telecoms and FinTech operators.             growing by 5.4% this year.                               leadership and strategic resilience are more important
        Completion of the acquisition is subject to certain    We reported Group operating profit of €2.8 billion in    than ever.
        conditions and is currently prevented by a court       FY26 due to non-cash impairment charges in the prior
        order. The parties expect to resolve the court         year, partially offset by higher depreciation and
                                                               amortisation following the consolidation of ThreeUK.
                                                               Cash inflow from

        
             Strategic report                           Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   7


    Chief Executive’s statement and strategic roadmap

    Simpler, Stronger, Growing
    




    After the transformation of the last three
    years, we are now a simpler company with a
    stronger growth outlook.
    Our strategic progress has generated good
    Group service revenue momentum for the
    year. We returned to top line growth in
    Germany, alongside strong performances
    across Africa and in Türkiye. Our early
    successes from the UK merger integration
    reinforce our confidence in its potential and
    I am delighted that we are now gaining full
    ownership.
    Looking ahead, we will continue to drive
    continuous improvements across our
    business, with customer experience as our
    number one priority.
    Margherita Della Valle
    Group Chief Executive




    A new chapter: Following our transformation
    actions, we are entering a new chapter as a
    simpler and stronger business, and our
    external environment is creating new
    opportunities, with new demand for high quality
    connectivity and a more supportive regulatory
    context.
    A clear strategy: Vodafone’s strategy is
    focused delivering operational progress across
    three clear priorities: Customers, Simplicity and
    Growth. Together, improving performance and
    providing us with strong foundations for future
    growth.
    A growth outlook: Our diversified footprint,
    disciplined capital allocation and clear
    operational progress provide us with
    confidence in our ambitions.
    
    8       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                        Strategic report                                 Governance                                             Financials                                      Other information


        Financial and non-financial performance

        Key Performance Indicators
        We want to enable a digital, inclusive and sustainable society. To underpin the delivery of our mission, we ensure that we operate in a responsible way. Acting lawfully and with integrity is critical to
        our long-term success.
        

        Financial results summary1
        
                                                                                                                                                      Non-financial KPIs
                                                                                                                  2026          2025          2024    Empowering People                                                                                                    2026      2025      2024

        Group revenue                                                                                  €m       40,461   37,448   36,717              Number of lost-time incidents – employees and contractors                                                     #        33        23        18
        Group service revenue                                                                          €m       33,480   30,758   29,912              Lost-time incident rate per 1,000 employees and contractors                                                   #      0.35      0.25         –
        Group service revenue growth                                                                    %           8.8     2.8      (1.3)            Protecting the Planet6                                                                                                2026      2025      2024
        Organic Group service revenue growth2                                                           %           5.4     5.1       6.3
                                                                                                                                                      Energy use
        Operating profit/(loss)                                                                        €m        2,844     (411)   3,665
                                                                                                                                                      Total energy spend                                                                                         €bn       0.9       0.9           –
        Profit/(loss) for the financial year – continuing operations                                   €m            59  (3,724)   1,570
                                                                                                                                                      Proportion of energy covered by PPA’s                                                                       %       14.0      18.4
        Basic (loss)/earnings per share – continuing operations                                         €c        (1.20) (15.86)    4.45
                                                                                                                                                      Total energy use                                                                                          GWh      5,967     5,806     5,701
        Cash inflow from operating activities                                                          €m       14,291   15,373   16,557
                                                                                                                                                      Mobile and fixed access network and technology centres energy use                                         GWh      5,648     5,475     5,341
        Borrowings less cash and cash equivalents                                                      €m      (43,654) (42,142) (50,804)
                                                                                                                                                      Percentage of purchased electricity from renewable sources7                                                 %        100        98        85
        Total dividends per share                                                                       €c      4.6125      4.5       9.0
                                                                                                                                                      Greenhouse gas emissions (‘GHGWs’)
                                                                                                                                                      Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based method) 4                              m tonnes CO2e           0.26      0.30      0.70
        Non-financial KPIs
        Empowering People                                                                                                    2026      2025    2024   Total Scope 3 GHG emissions 4                                                                m tonnes CO2e           6.11      6.85      7.39
        Network coverage                                                                                                                              Waste8
        5G population coverage (outdoor 3Mbps) – Europe                                                                %       78       75      71    Total network waste                                                                            metric tonnes       7,743     6,686     6,237
        4G population coverage (outdoor 1Mbps) – Africa                                                                %       78       76      74    Network waste reused or sent to recyclers                                                                 %          100       100        98
        4G population coverage (outdoor 1Mbps) – Türkiye                                                               %       97       97      97    Maintaining Trust                                                                                                    2026      2025      2024
        Smartphone penetration in Africa                                                                                                              Code of Conduct
        Smartphone penetration                                                                                         %       65       62        –   Completed ‘Doing What’s Right’ employee training9                                                            %        97        96         94
        Financial inclusion                                                                                                                           Number of ‘Speak Up’ reports10                                                                               #       808       684        624
        Customers connected to our financial inclusion services – Africa3,4                                       million    92.1      77.1   66.2    Tax and economic contribution
        Our people                                                                                                                                    Total tax and economic contributions11                                                                     €bn          –          7         8
        Number of employees5                                                                                  thousand         91       87      85    Responsible supply chain
        Employee turnover rate (voluntary)                                                                          %           7        8       9    Total spend12                                                                                            €bn           25        21        19
        Women on the Board                                                                                          %          54       38      42    Number of direct suppliers12,13                                                                     thousand            9         9         8
        Women in management and senior leadership roles 4                                                           %          37       36      35
        Women as a percentage of employees                                                                          %          40       39      39
        Health & safety

        Notes:
        1. The results for the year ended 31 March 2026, and 31 March 2025, exclude Vodafone Spain and Vodafone Italy and therefore, except as        9.  Percentage of employees required to complete DWR training modules in the reporting period with no overdue requirements at the period
           otherwise described, the results for the year ended 31 March 2024 have been re-presented to reflect that.                                      end.
        2. Non-GAAP measure. See page 226 for more information.                                                                                       10. Information relating to the results for the year ended 31 March 2024 has been restated to reflect the disposals of Vodafone Spain on 31 May
        3. Includes 100% of data relating to Safaricom.                                                                                                   2024 and Vodafone Italy on 31 December 2024.
        4. 2026 Assured by Ernst & Young – limited assurance under ISAE (UK) 3000 and ISA 3410.                                                       11. Includes direct taxes, non-taxation based revenue mechanisms, such as payments for the right to use spectrum, and indirect taxes collected
        5. Further information on measurement definitions and calculations can be found at: vodafone.com/esg-methodology.                                 on behalf of governments around the world, excludes joint ventures and associates. The FY26 figure will be finalised during FY27. For more
        6. Information relating to prior years has been re-baselined to reflect the Vodafone UK merger with Three UK on 31 May 2025.                      information, refer to our Tax and Economic Contribution reports, available at: vodafone.com/tax.
        7. Less than 0.2% of grid electricity used by Vodafone Group in FY26 is not matched with renewable sources. This is because in a small        12. Excludes Vodafone Automotive.
           number of locations where we operate, there is no available renewable electricity purchasing mechanism and these locations are not grid-   13. Approximate number of unique suppliers based on suppliers’ ultimate parent company.
           connected to any markets where such mechanisms are available.
        8. Includes hazardous waste from network equipment e-waste, and hazardous waste now includes batteries. Prior year figures have been
           restated.


        
            Strategic report                     Governance                                    Financials                                Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026      9


    Stakeholder engagement


    Stakeholder Engagement

    Engaging regularly with our stakeholders is               
                                                                  Factors considered by Directors when promoting the success of the Company Disclosure                                                         Location
    fundamental to the way we do business.
                                                                  The likely consequences of any                                           Business model                                                         page 2
    Regular engagement ensures we operate in a                    decision in the long term
    balanced and responsible way, in both the                                                                                              Key performance indicators                                             page 8
    short and longer term.                                                                                                                 Stakeholder engagement                                                 pages 9–11
    We are committed to maintaining good                                                                                                   Our mission and ESG framework                                          pages 3 and 23–57
    communications and building positive relationships                                                                                     Maintaining Trust                                                      pages 44–57
    with all of our stakeholders, as we see this as
                                                                                                                                           Principle risks and uncertainties, and risk management                 pages 60–64
    essential to strengthening our sustainable
    business.                                                                                                                              Governance                                                             pages 71–88
                                                                  The interests of the Company’s employees                                 Key performance indicators                                             page 8
    Vodafone is required to provide information on how
                                                                                                                                           Stakeholder engagement                                                 pages 9–11
    the Directors have performed their duty under
    section 172 of the Companies Act 2006 to promote                                                                                       Our people strategy                                                    pages 38–43

    the success of Vodafone, and these matters are                                                                                         Our mission and ESG framework                                          pages 3 and 23–57
    covered throughout this Annual Report and                                                                                              Maintaining Trust                                                      pages 44–57
    summarised in the table to the right. This includes                                                                                    Culture and the Board                                                  pages 82–83
    how those matters and the interests of Vodafone’s
                                                                                                                                           Remuneration Committee, Policy and Annual Report on Remuneration       pages 100–120
    key stakeholders have been taken into account by
    the Directors.                                                The need to foster the Company’s business relationships with             Business model                                                         page 2
                                                                  suppliers, customers and others
                                                                                                                                           Stakeholder engagement                                                 pages 9–11
    We have also summarised our interactions with key                                                                                      Chief Executive’s statement and strategic roadmap                      pages 6–7
    stakeholders during the year in this section. The
                                                                                                                                           Our mission and ESG framework                                          pages 3 and 23–57
    engagement mechanisms directly involving the
    Directors are indicated below with a symbol.                                                                                           Maintaining Trust                                                      pages 44–57
                                                                                                                                           Principal risks and uncertainties, and risk management                 pages 60–64
                                                                                                                                           Board activities and key focus areas for the year                      pages 84–86
                                                                                                                                           Responsible supply chain and human rights in the supply chain          pages 48–49
                                                                  The impact of the Company’s operations on the community and              Stakeholder engagement                                                 pages 9–11
                                                                  the environment
                                                                                                                                           Our mission and ESG framework                                          pages 3 and 23–57
                                                                                                                                           Climate-related risk                                                   pages 65–70
                                                                                                                                           Maintaining Trust                                                      pages 44–57
                                                                                                                                           ESG Committee                                                          page 99
                                                                  The desirability of the Company maintaining a reputation for high        Stakeholder engagement                                                 pages 9–11
                                                                  standards of business conduct
                                                                                                                                           Maintaining Trust                                                      pages 44–57
                                                                                                                                           Governance                                                             pages 71–88
                                                                  The need to act fairly as between members of the Company                 Stakeholder engagement                                                 pages 9–11
                                                                                                                                           Governance                                                             pages 71–88
                                                                                                                                           Shareholder information                                                pages 236–241

                                                              
    10   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         Strategic report                                  Governance                                    Financials                             Other information


         Stakeholder engagement continued


                                                                         How did we engage with them?                                          What were the key topics raised?                                    How did we respond?
         Our customers                                                   – Digital channels including our websites, chatbot, and social        – Fast and reliable fixed internet, and stronger connectivity.      –     Held Customer Experience (‘CX’) as our top priority,
         We are committed to deepening engagement with                     media channels.                                                     – Better value for customers, and recognition of long-term            with our ‘Ask Once’ programme live across four markets,
         our customers to develop long-term, valuable and                – Call centres and branded retail stores.                               relationships.                                                      delivering a seamless service guarantee and easier
         sustainable relationships. We have hundreds of                  – Account managers, solution specialists and, for large accounts,     – Wider mobile coverage.                                              access to support.
                                                                           executive-level engagement.                                         – Transparency and communication around price changes.              – Rolled out SuperTobi and SuperAgent chatbots,
         millions of customers across our global footprint,              – Primary research, such as user testing of new product               – Making complex technology easy to understand. In particular         enhanced with Generative AI, to empower Front Line
         from individual consumers to large multinationals.                developments, qualitative group interviews and, benchmarking          new cloud, security and digital managed services.                   Agents with more personalised, comprehensive service.
                                                                           surveys to compare our brand and products versus competitor         – Improving productivity and efficiency for Business customers.     – Continued our focus on affordability, offering flexible
                                                                           offerings.                                                                                                                                financing, device trade in, and expanding access to
                                                                         – Regular customer surveys, such as Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’)                                                                              second life devices. We also launched ‘Vodafone
                                                                           surveys to gain frequent insight into our services and customer                                                                           Together’ Family plans in the UK.
                                                                           experiences. For example, just after joining Vodafone, or adding                                                                        – Worked to improve fixed internet by successfully trialling
                                                                           an extra product or line to their account.                                                                                                a new solution that reduces delays on fibre connections
                                                                         – Customer advisory boards to strengthen relationships and                                                                                  and launching Ultra Hub 7 with the best available Wi-Fi
                                                                           understanding of key Business accounts.                                                                                                   generation for improved speed and reliability.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   – Increased coverage across our footprint.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   – Launched our Travel eSIM in 200 countries for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     affordable, reliable connectivity when travelling.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   – Invested in additional training for service and support
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     teams to help Business customers make the most of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     new digital services.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   – Ran campaigns to showcase our reliable connectivity,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     strengthen perceptions, and educate Business
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     customers on using Cloud and AI efficiently.




            Click to read more about our markets and where we operate:
            vodafone.com/our-company

         Our people                                                      How did we engage with them?                                          What were the key topics raised?                                    How did we respond?
                                                                         – Regular meetings with managers.                                     – Changes to our market portfolio and competitor landscape.         – Regularly updated employees on business and trading
         Our people are critical to the successful delivery of                                                                                 – Company strategy.                                                   performance.
                                                                         –     European Employee Consultative Committee.
         our strategy. Throughout the year we focused on a                                                                                     – Results of employee listening and Spirit Beat survey, including   – Continuous improvement of performance and talent
                                                                         –     Vodacom Group Employee Engagement Forum.
         number of areas to ensure that everyone is highly                                                                                       employee engagement.                                                management process.
                                                                         –     Executive Committee discussions.                                – Accelerating early and mid-career talent and performance          – Continued to focus on opportunities identified in
         motivated, including wellbeing, diversity and                   – Internal website, live webinars, newsletters and other
         inclusion, employee engagement and talent                                                                                               management.                                                         employee surveys.
                                                                           communications posted on our internal digital platform called       – Ownership and active engagement around safety, health and         – Remained committed to safety, health and wellbeing.
         acceleration.                                                     ‘Viva Engage’.                                                        wellbeing, including mental health.                               – Continued to embed diversity and inclusion through
                                                                         –     Employee Speak Up channel.                                      – Diversity and inclusion, including our UK Race, Ethnicity and       attraction, retention, development, allyship and
           Click to read more about our people strategy:                 –     Global employee surveys, including onboarding and exit            Cultural Heritage (REACH) Commitments.                              education.
            vodafone.com/our-people                                        surveys.                                                            – Customer and frontline experience.

         Our suppliers                                                   How did we engage with them?                                          What were the key topics raised?                                    How did we respond?
                                                                         –    Regular collaborative performance review meetings with           – Strategic and commercial delivery and performance.                – Collaborated with industry peers and suppliers through
         We partner with over 8,500 suppliers to deliver the                                                                                   – Supplier and product innovation.                                    the Joint Alliance for CSR (‘JAC’).
                                                                           strategic suppliers.
         products and services we need to execute our                    – Forums, events, conferences, and site visits.                       – Human rights in the supply chain.                                 – Supply Chain Sustainability Finance Programme for
         strategy and connect everyone. These range from                 – ESG criteria incorporated into tender process, supplier selection   – Health and safety standards.                                        driving environmental progress.
         start-ups and small businesses to large                           and performance management.                                         – Diversity and inclusion.                                          – Quarterly supplier safety forums.
         multinational companies.                                        – Supplier audits and assessments.                                                                                                        – Identification of Corrective Action Plans (‘CAPs’) to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     protect human rights at supplier sites.
            Click to read more about our suppliers:
            vodafone.com/investors
              Strategic report                               Governance                                    Financials                              Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                11


    Stakeholder engagement continued


    Our local communities and                                             How did we engage with them?                                            What were the key topics raised?                            How did we respond?
                                                                          – Participation in industry working groups, such as those               – Increasing access to connectivity and digital services,   – Provided affordable and accessible services,
    non-governmental organisations                                          organised by the GSMA, on policy issues at national and                 by closing the digital divide.                              technology, and connectivity, through our everyone.
    (‘NGOs’)                                                                international level (including digital inclusion, biodiversity, net   – Environmental topics including net zero, biodiversity       connected campaign.
    We believe that the long-term success of our business                   zero).                                                                  and the circular economy.                                 – Advocated for continued action to close the digital
    is closely tied to the success of the communities in                  – Participation in global multi-stakeholder coalitions                  – Human rights topics.                                        divide at UNGA80 and called for more climate-
                                                                            established by the United Nations including the UN                    – Delivery of global and national development goals           resilient digital development.
    which we operate. To achieve this, we engage with local                 Broadband Commission for Sustainable Development and                    including the UN Sustainable Development Goals            – Partnered with industry working groups including
    communities and international NGOs across our                           the ITU Partner2Connect alliance.                                       (‘SDGs’).                                                   Trussell, NSPCC and Good Things Foundation to
    markets.                                                              – Group and locally led direct NGO engagements and                      – Expectations and feedback on our climate transition         help provide essential digital skills, connectivity and
                                                                            partnerships.                                                           strategy.                                                   deliver social value.
      Click to read more about our work with local communities and NGOs                                                                                                                                       – Engaged with working groups covering human rights,
      at: vodafone.com/maintaining-trust                                                                                                                                                                        network access ,digital inclusion, and climate plans.

    Governments and regulators                                            How did we engage with them?                                            What were the key topics raised?                            How did we respond?
                                                                          –    Held meetings with EU institutions, national, regional and         – The EU regulatory and policy environment on digital       – Submitted written contributions to EU consultations
    As a heavily regulated industry and provider of Critical
                                                                            local governments, regulators and international                         connectivity, including spectrum, open internet, and        and roadmaps on proposals including the Digital
    National Infrastructure, our relationships with                                                                                                 satellite (Digital Networks Act, Mobile Satellite           Networks Act, Cyber Resilience Act review, and
                                                                            organisations.
    governments and regulators are crucial. We aim to                                                                                               Services).                                                  Merger Guidelines review.
                                                                          –    Participated in industry bodies, consumer alliances, and
    collaborate on policies that impact our industry and                    public-private initiatives.                                           – The aspects and developments around the EU’s tech         – Developed vision papers to support the legislative
    service to customers, while fostering a deeper                        –    Hosted and attended workshops and events to enhance                  sovereignty.                                                process.
    understanding among governments and regulators of                       sector understanding of key issues.                                   – Cybersecurity and the security of critical network        – Organised workshops with institutional
    our positive contributions to customers, the economy,                 –    Our Chair leads the European Round Table for                         infrastructure, from subsea cables to satellites.           representatives.
    the environment, and communities.                                       Industrialists, engaging with European and global institutions        – Vodafone’s views around merger and competition
                                                                            and governments.                                                        policy.
       Click to read more about our social contract:                                                                                              – The protection of minors and the issues around online
       vodafone.com/social-contract                                                                                                                 safety/harm.
                                                                                                                                                  – The EU-UK and EU-Africa relations.


    Our investors                                                         How did we engage with them?                                            What were the key topics raised?                            How did we respond?
                                                                          –    Personal meetings, roadshows, conferences.                         – Our strategic roadmap and strategic priorities of         – We conducted over 1,100 investor interactions
    Our investors include individual and institutional
                                                                          –    Annual and interim reports and presentations.                        Customers, Simplicity and Growth.                           through meetings with major institutional
    shareholders as well as debt investors. We maintain an                                                                                        – Allocation of capital, including capital investment,        shareholders, debt investors, individual shareholder
    active dialogue with our investors through our                        –    Our investor relations website is used as our primary
                                                                            digital communications tool and is available to all                     leverage and shareholder returns.                           groups and financial analysts, and attended
    extensive investor relations programme.                                                                                                       – Portfolio right-sizing for growth, market performance,      conferences.
                                                                            shareholders, including 11 hours of dedicated video content.
                                                                          – Regulatory News Service (‘RNS’) announcements.                          and trading outlook.                                      – Meetings were attended by Directors and senior
                                                                          –    Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’).                                    – Corporate governance practices.                             management, including our Chair, Remuneration
                                                                                                                                                  – Regulatory changes and the geopolitical environment.        Committee Chair, Group Chief Executive, Chief
                                                                          –    Investor perception study and regular feedback survey.
                                                                                                                                                  – Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’)                Financial Officer, and Executive Committee
                                                                          – Online presentations aimed at retail investors.
                                                                                                                                                    strategy, targets and reporting.                            members.
                                                                          – Private Client Fund Management (‘PCFM’) group conference
                                                                                                                                                                                                              – Provided comprehensive reports and transparency
                                                                            calls.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                disclosures on ESG matters.
                                                                          – Our Registrar operates a portfolio service which provides
                                                                            shareholders with the ability to manage their holdings.




       Click to read more on our investor website:
       vodafone.com/investors
    12       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                          Governance                                    Financials                                Other information






         Results in-line with expectations

         
         – Total revenue: Increased 8.0% to €40.5 billion (FY25: €37.4 billion), due to service revenue               Group financial performance
           growth and the consolidation of Three UK, partially offset by foreign exchange movements.                  
         – Service revenue: Grew 8.8% to €33.5 billion (FY25: €30.8 billion) and on an organic basis                                                                                                                   FY261         FY25     Reported
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         €m            €m    change %
           increased 5.4% with growth in all segments except Germany. Vodafone Business grew 2.2% in
           FY26, and 3.2% on an organic basis, with double-digit growth in digital services revenue.                  Revenue                                                                                         40,461      37,448          8.0
         – Operating profit: Increased by €3.2 billion to €2.8 billion (FY25: loss of €0.4 billion), largely due to
                                                                                                                      – Service revenue                                                                               33,480      30,758          8.8
           non-cash impairment charges in the prior year, partially offset by higher depreciation and
           amortisation following the consolidation of Three UK.                                                      – Other revenue                                                                                  6,981        6,690
         – Earnings per share: Basic loss per share from continuing operations was 1.20 eurocents in
           FY26, compared to a loss per share of 15.86 eurocents in the prior year, following the impairment          Operating profit/(loss)                                                                          2,844        (411)       792.0
           charges in FY25.
                                                                                                                      Investment and other income                                                                      1,395          864
                                                                                                                      Financing costs                                                                                (2,375)      (1,931)
                                                                                                                      Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                    1,864      (1,478)
                                                                                                                      Income tax expense                                                                             (1,805)      (2,246)
                                                                                                                      Profit/(loss) for the financial year – Continuing operations                                         59     (3,724)
                                                                                                                      Loss for the financial year – Discontinued operations                                             (108)         (22)
                                                                                                                      Loss for the financial year                                                                        (49)     (3,746)
                                                                                                                      Attributable to:
                                                                                                                      – Owners of the parent                                                                            (397)     (4,169)
                                                                                                                      – Non-controlling interests                                                                        348          423
                                                                                                                      Loss for the financial year                                                                        (49)     (3,746)
                                                                                                                      Basic loss per share – Continuing operations                                                    (1.20)c    (15.86)c
                                                                                                                      Basic loss per share – Total Group                                                              (1.65)c    (15.94)c
                                                                                                                      Note:
                                                                                                                      1. The FY26 results reflect average foreign exchange rates of €1:GBP 0.87, €1:ZAR 20.10, €1:TRY 48.02 and €1:EGP 56.60.

         
                   Strategic report                                                           Governance                                                                 Financials                                    Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     13


    Our financial performance continued


    Geographic performance summary                                                                                                                                                                Germany
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Reported    Organic
                                                                                                                        Adjusted EBITDAaL                                  Capital                                                                                                          FY26     FY25     growth    growth1
                                                                                                                    1
                                        Total revenue              Service revenue           Adjusted EBITDAaL        margin1                                   additions                                                                                                           €m       €m         %          %
                                          FY26           FY25           FY26            FY25          FY26             FY25            FY26              FY25           FY26          FY25        Total revenue                                                                           12,133   12,180       (0.4)
    Segment results                        €m           €m           €m            €m          €m             €m            %               %           €m            €m
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Service revenue                                                                      10,874   10,876          –      (0.2)
    Germany                           12,133  12,180  10,874  10,876                            4,243           4,384           35.0             36.0      2,496         2,482             Other revenue                                                                         1,259    1,304
    UK                                  9,192         7,069         7,597          5,887        1,881           1,558           20.5             22.0      1,388            897         Adjusted EBITDAaL                                                                        4,243    4,384       (3.2)     (3.3)
    Other Europe2                       5,714         5,694         4,888          4,805        1,574           1,510           27.5             26.5           860         856         Adjusted EBITDAaL margin                                                                35.0%     36.0%
    Türkiye                             3,431         3,086         2,826          2,484         983              842           28.7             27.3           539         447
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Note:
    Africa                              8,365         7,791         6,653          6,172        2,834           2,593           33.9             33.3      1,185         1,038          1. Organic growth is a non-GAAP measure. See page 226 for more information.
    Common Functions3                   1,825         1,817            763            663        (164)             45                                     823      1,142          Growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Total revenue decreased 0.4% to €12.1 billion as a result of lower equipment revenue. Service revenue remained stable,
    Eliminations                         (199)         (189)          (121)         (129)                                                             –            –
                                                                                                                                                                                                  supported by the acquisition of Skaylink. On an organic basis, service revenue declined 0.2% (Q3: 0.7%, Q4: 1.3%),
    Group                             40,461  37,448  33,480  30,758                                                                           7,291         6,862          including a 0.8 percentage point impact from the end of bulk TV contracting in Multi-Dwelling Units (‘MDU’). Excluding this
                                                                                                                                                                                                 impact, organic service revenue was driven by higher wholesale revenue and demand for digital services in Business,
                                                            FY25                                                                    FY26                                                     offset by mobile ARPU pressure due to competitive intensity and ongoing TV decline.
                                                    Q4              H2            Total           Q1             Q2             H1               Q3              Q4         H2        Total       Mobile service revenue grew 3.0% (Q3: 2.8%, Q4: 2.7%), supported by higher wholesale revenue, as we completed the
    Service revenue growth                          %             %             %           %            %            %              %             %        %         %       migration of 1&1 customers onto our network, partially offset by continued ARPU pressure, and a lower customer base. We
    Germany                                       (6.0)        (6.2)           (5.0)        (3.2)          0.5          (1.4)            0.7          2.0         1.4          –        now have more than 12 million 1&1 customers using our nationwide 5G network and revenue contribution reached full
                                                                                                                                                                                                  run-rate in Q4.
    UK                                            5.7             6.7           4.5         15.2         38.0           26.7         31.1           31.5         31.3       29.0
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Fixed service revenue decreased 2.6%, and on an organic basis declined 2.9% (Q3: -1.1%, Q4: 0.1%), as TV headwinds
    Other Europe2                                 1.1             1.7           1.8           0.3          0.1           0.2             3.5          3.0         3.3        1.7        were partially offset by demand for digital services in Business. The final impact of the MDU TV transition in Q1 contributed
                                                                                                                                                                                                  1.4 percentage points to the decline in fixed service revenue in FY26. The continued improvement in quarterly trends in Q4
    Türkiye                                   15.2             50.4            42.3         22.1         18.7           20.3  (13.5)                36.9          8.5       13.8        was supported by our broadband retail pricing actions, implemented between March 2025 and January 2026, and
    Africa                                        8.8             6.4           3.7           7.3          8.4           7.9             8.2          7.3         7.7        7.8        Business digital services growth. As we continue to focus on our value approach, broadband ARPU from new customers
                                                                                                                                                                                                  grew over 30% year-on-year in Q4 (Q3: +21%).
    Group                                         2.3             4.0           2.8           5.3        10.8            8.1             7.3        12.0          9.6        8.8
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Vodafone Business service revenue increased 0.1%. On an organic basis, Vodafone Business service revenue declined
    
                                                                                                                                                                                                  0.7% (Q3: -1.8%, Q4: 1.5%), due to pressure in core connectivity services, partially offset by digital services demand,
                                                  FY25                                                                     FY26                                                              which supported our return to growth in Q4. In December 2025, we completed the acquisition of Skaylink, a cloud, digital
    Organic service                       Q4             H2           Total            Q1            Q2               H1               Q3                Q4              H2        Total          transformation and security specialist. The acquisition will support the acceleration of our growth in key areas, such as
    revenue growth1                       %            %            %            %           %              %              %               %             %         %          professional and managed services, cloud and security in Germany and across Europe. We have successfully begun
                                                                                                                                                                                                  integrating the business and selling their services to our customers.
    Germany                             (6.0)        (6.2)         (5.0)         (3.2)          0.5         (1.4)              0.7               1.3            1.0         (0.2)
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Adjusted EBITDAaL declined 3.2%, and on an organic basis Adjusted EBITDAaL decreased 3.3%, of which a -1.1
    UK                                   3.1          3.2           1.9            0.9          1.2             1.1            (0.5)            (0.2)          (0.4)        0.3         percentage point impact was related to the MDU transition. Excluding this, the decline in Adjusted EBITDAaL was driven
                        2                                                                                                                                                                         by the continued impact of higher commercial investment in the prior year, and the increase in variable costs from
    Other Europe                         0.8          1.7           2.1            0.2        (0.5)         (0.1)              1.2               1.2            1.2         0.5
                                                                                                                                                                                                  Business digital services, partially offset by cost efficiency. The Adjusted EBITDAaL margin was 1.0 percentage points
    Türkiye                             73.2         78.1         83.4           63.8         48.4         55.6            38.5                 33.7           36.1      45.2           lower year-on-year at 35.0%.
    Africa                              13.5         12.6          11.3          13.8         13.5         13.7            13.5                 10.9           12.2      12.9
    Group                                5.4          5.3           5.1            5.5          5.8             5.7            5.4               5.1            5.2         5.4
    

                                          FY25                                                                          FY26                                                            
    Group
    profitability                Q4             H2          Total           Q1           Q2             H1             Q3               Q4            H2        Total

    Operating
    (loss)/profit€m           (3,815)      (2,793)           (411)           1,015        1,147         2,162                 483              199             682      2,844
    Notes:
    1. Organic service revenue growth is a non-GAAP measures. See page 226 for more information.
    2. Other Europe markets comprise Portugal, Ireland, Greece, Romania, Czech Republic and Albania.
    3. Comprises corporate functions and shared operations. Capital additions includes software arrangements managed centrally on
       behalf of the Group.

    
    14       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               Strategic report                            Governance                           Financials                     Other information


         Our financial performance continued


         Customers                                          UK                                                           Fixed service revenue increased 0.3% and           Customers
         Due to continued competitive intensity in                                                                      organic growth in fixed service revenue was        Our mobile contract customer base declined
                                                                                                      Reported Organic
         the mobile market, our contract customer                                     FY26     FY25     growth growth1   3.1% (Q3: 4.8%, Q4: 0.8%) with growth in           by 127,000 during the year (Q3: 73,000, Q4:
         base declined by 103,000 during the year                                       €m       €m         %       %    Consumer broadband, supported by higher            22,000) including the disconnection of
         (Q3: 11,000, Q4: -77,000), including               Total revenue           9,192    7,069      30.0             ARPU and a larger customer base, partially         53,000 very low value Business SIMs and
         88,000 from Business. Our branded                        Service revenue 7,597      5,887      29.0      0.3    offset by a decline in Business due to the         Three UK customer losses. Our best-in-class
         Consumer customer base was broadly                                                                              impact of planned managed services                 customer experience supported customer
                                                                  Other revenue     1,595    1,182
         stable during the year, supported by our                                                                        contract terminations. The slowdown in             loyalty, which improved across all our
         continued focus on customer experience,            Adjusted                                                                                                        Consumer brands during the year. Our
                                                            EBITDAaL                1,881    1,558      20.7      4.5
                                                                                                                         service revenue growth in the fourth quarter
         as we delivered our best ever customer                                                                          was due to lower Business project activity,        prepaid brands, VOXI and SMARTY,
         satisfaction results, with improvement             Adjusted                                                                                                        continued to compete well in the market with
                                                            EBITDAaL margin        20.5% 22.0%
                                                                                                                         including a strategic change by a large
         across all products in mobile and fixed. We                                                                     customer.                                          189,000 customer additions in FY26 (Q3:
         connected a further 9.5 million IoT devices,       Note:                                                                                                           38,000, Q4: 47,000).
         driven by continued demand from the
                                                            1. Organic growth is a non-GAAP measure. See page 226 for    Vodafone Business service revenue declined
                                                               more information.                                                                                            Our broadband customer base increased by
         automotive sector.                                                                                              2.3%. On an organic basis, Vodafone
                                                                                                                         Business service revenue decreased 4.5%            222,000 in FY26 (Q3: 64,000, Q4: 64,000)
                                                            Growth
         Our broadband customer base declined by            Total revenue increased 30.0% to €9.2 billion                (Q3: -5.4%, Q4: -7.8%), due to the impact of       and we added 56,000 fixed wireless access
         202,000 in FY26 (Q3: -63,000, Q4:                                                                               planned managed services contract                  customers in FY26 (Q3: 11,000, Q4: 20,000),
                                                            due to the consolidation of Three UK’s
         -90,000), including the loss of 136,000                                                                         terminations during FY26 and continued             reported in the mobile segment. We have
                                                            financial results following the completion of
         customers on our gigabit network (Q3:                                                                           mobile ARPU pressure from lower inflation-         been one of the fastest growing broadband
                                                            the merger on 31 May 2025. Service revenue
         -47,000, Q4: -59,000). The decline was                                                                          linked price increases and contract renewals.      providers in the UK during the year, offering
                                                            increased 29.0%, and organic service
         primarily due to our focus on value                                                                             There was also lower Business project              gigabit speeds to over 23 million households.
                                                            revenue grew 0.3% (Q3: -0.5%, Q4: -0.2%),
         optimisation as we continue to drive ARPU                                                                       activity, including a strategic change by a        In June 2025, we announced a wholesale
                                                            as growth in Consumer and Wholesale,
         growth for new customers. We continue to                                                                        large customer.                                    strategic agreement with Community Fibre in
                                                            reflecting commercial momentum during the
         be the largest provider of fixed line gigabit                                                                                                                      London.
                                                            year, was partially offset by decline in                     Adjusted EBITDAaL increased 20.7%, and
         connectivity in Germany, as we market
                                                            Business.                                                    on an organic basis, Adjusted EBITDAaL             In July 2025, we launched our industry
         gigabit speeds to almost 75% of German
                                                                                                                         increased 4.5%, driven by Consumer                 leading ‘Just Ask Once’ customer care
         homes with 5 million fibre households              Mobile service revenue increased 40.0%.
                                                                                                                         broadband and Wholesale margin growth,             promise for Vodafone customers. In
         beyond our own cable footprint of                  Organic growth in mobile service revenue
                                                                                                                         only partially offset by higher operating          November 2025, we introduced our
         25 million households. Our OXG joint               was -0.4% (Q3: -1.8%, Q4: -0.5%), as the
                                                                                                                         expenses from inflation and network                ‘Vodafone Together Family’ plan, which
         venture’s buildout is continuing to progress       continued Business ARPU pressure and
                                                                                                                         expansion. The Adjusted EBITDAaL margin            enables households to combine mobile and
         with almost 600,000 homes passed and we            delivery of project milestones in the prior
                                                                                                                         decreased 1.5 percentage points                    broadband services and rewards, alongside
         are now able to market to 1.5 million              year, were only partially offset by wholesale
                                                                                                                         year-on-year to 20.5%, and on an organic           ‘Vodafone Secure Net’, our market leading
         homes. Our TV customer base declined by            revenue growth. The improvement in Q4
                                                                                                                         basis grew 1.4 percentage points                   security platform. In April 2026, we launched
         20,000 (Q3: -6,000, Q4: -104,000). The             growth was supported by stronger
                                                                                                                         year-on-year.                                      our ‘5G Slicing’ proposition for business
         structural decline in demand for standalone        performance of Three UK brand, with
                                                                                                                                                                            customers, delivering enhanced and
         linear TV services was partially offset by         improvement in both Consumer contract
                                                                                                                                                                            dependable mobile connectivity with
         our strategy to bundle basic TV with our           ARPU and customer loyalty, as well as
                                                                                                                                                                            guaranteed performance for enterprises, as a
         broadband services.                                higher wholesale revenue.
                                                                                                                                                                            part of our strategy to further monetise our
                                                                                                                                                                            network differentiation.

         
               Strategic report                                Governance                                   Financials                             Other information                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                15


    Our financial performance continued


    Other Europe1                                                year as a result of growth in mobile and fixed service      Türkiye                                                             Vodafone Business service revenue increased 54.0%
                                                                revenue, with demand for our Business digital services                                                                         (Q3: 54.8%, Q4: 34.5%) on an organic basis, supported
                                          Reported Organic       from the public sector. Growth in mobile was supported                                               Reported Organic           by growth in mobile and fixed connectivity and demand
                             FY26    FY25   growth growth2       by contract customer base and ARPU growth.                                              FY26    FY25   growth growth1           for our digital services products, including data centre
                               €m      €m       %       %                                                                                                  €m      €m       %       %            usage.
                                                                 Vodafone Business service revenue increased 0.6% with
    Total revenue           5,714   5,694       0.4              organic growth of 3.0% (Q3: 4.7%, Q4: 6.8%) mainly          Total revenue              3,431   3,086      11.2                  Adjusted EBITDAaL increased 47.6% on an organic
        Service revenue     4,888   4,805       1.7     0.5      driven by demand for digital services, particularly in          Service revenue        2,826   2,484      13.8    45.2          basis, supported by service revenue growth and ongoing
                                                                 Greece and Romania.                                                                                                             digitalisation. Adjusted EBITDAaL increased 16.7% in
        Other revenue         826     889                                                                                        Other revenue            605     602                            euro terms. The Adjusted EBITDAaL margin increased
                                                                 Adjusted EBITDAaL increased 4.2% and on an organic
    Adjusted EBITDAaL       1,574   1,510       4.2     3.7                                                                  Adjusted EBITDAaL            983     842      16.7    47.6          1.4 percentage points year-on-year to 28.7%.
                                                                 basis increased 3.7%, due to service revenue growth and
    Adjusted EBITDAaL                                            our cost actions, supported by a legal matter not           Adjusted EBITDAaL                                                   Customers
    margin                 27.5% 26.5%                           expected to re-occur in Portugal, partially offset by       margin                    28.7% 27.3%                               We added 926,000 mobile contract customers during the
                                                                 provisions in Greece. The Adjusted EBITDAaL margin                                                                              year, including migrations of prepaid customers. Through
    Notes:                                                       increased by one percentage point year-on-year to           Note:                                                               our ongoing customer experience initiatives, we have
    1. Other Europe markets comprise Portugal, Ireland,          27.5%, and on an organic basis grew 1.5 percentage          1. Organic growth is a non-GAAP measure. See page 226 for           seen a 1.6 percentage points reduction in our share of
       Greece, Romania, Czech Republic and Albania.              points year-on-year.                                           more information.                                                deep detractors to its lowest ever level.
    2. Organic growth is a non-GAAP measure. See page 226
       for more information.                                     Customers                                                   Türkiye was designated as a hyperinflationary economy               Spectrum & 5G launch
                                                                 We added 115,000 mobile contract customers during the       on 1 April 2022 in line with IAS 29 ‘Financial Reporting in         In October 2025, Vodafone Türkiye successfully acquired
    Growth                                                                                                                   Hyperinflationary Economies’. See note 1 ‘Basis of
                                                                 year (Q3: 80,000, Q4: -68,000) across our six markets,                                                                          a total of 100 MHz of spectrum in the country’s 5G
    Total revenue increased 0.4% to €5.7 billion, supported                                                                  preparation’ in the consolidated financial statements for
                                                                 despite the disconnection of 115,000 inactive SIMs in                                                                           auction, for US$627 million (€539 million). Payments will
    by the consolidation of Telekom Romania Mobile                                                                           further information.
                                                                 Romania and Greece. Our broadband customer base                                                                                 be phased equally over three financial years. We also
    Communications S.A following the completion of the
                                                                 declined 12,000 (Q3: 4,000, Q4: -20,000). In Romania,       Organic growth metrics exclude the impact of the                    renewed all of our existing spectrum holdings, which
    acquisition in October 2025. Service revenue grew
                                                                 we lost 253,000 mobile contract customers, and 25,000       hyperinflation adjustment and foreign exchange                      were due to expire in 2029, until 2042. Vodafone Türkiye
    1.7% and organic growth in service revenue was 0.5%
                                                                 broadband customers in FY26. In Portugal, we added          translation in Türkiye. See page 146 for more information.          launched 5G services in April 2026, and has the widest
    (Q3: 1.2%, Q4: 1.2%) as growth in Albania, Czech
                                                                 162,000 contract customers in mobile and 13,000 in fixed                                                                        5G coverage in the country, covering over 30,000km2
    Republic, Ireland and Greece was partially offset by                                                                     Growth
                                                                 broadband. In Greece, the mobile contract base grew by                                                                          across the 81 provinces.
    continued ARPU pressure in Portugal.                                                                                     Total revenue increased 11.2% to €3.4 billion, with
                                                                 37,000, though the broadband customer base declined
    In Portugal, service revenue declined during the year        by 14,000. In Ireland, our mobile contract customer base    service revenue growth partially offset by depreciation of
    as a result of mobile ARPU pressure, due to                  remained broadly stable, and the customer broadband         the local currency versus the euro.
    competitive intensity in the market following the launch     base grew by 16,000. Through our wholesale                  Service revenue increased 45.2% (Q3: 38.5%, Q4:
    of a fourth operator. Growth in fixed line service           partnerships, including our fibre joint venture, SIRO, we   33.7%) on an organic basis. As reported under IAS 29,
    revenue was more than offset by a decline in mobile.         now cover 1.9 million households in Ireland with our        service revenue growth in euro terms increased 13.8%
    In January 2026, we announced pricing actions across         gigabit speeds.                                             (Q3: -13.5%, Q4: 36.9%). Excluding the impact of
    our Consumer and Business portfolios, which are                                                                          hyperinflationary accounting adjustments, service
    expected to support ARPU trends in the year ahead.                                                                       revenue increased 10.8% in euro terms (Q3: 3.7%, Q4:
    In Ireland, service revenue increased in FY26, driven                                                                    -0.2%), driven by ongoing price actions, value accretive
    by growth in fixed service revenue, supported by a                                                                       base management, increased data usage and growth in
    higher customer base and ARPU growth. Our focus on                                                                       Business. The slowdown in the last quarter was
    customer experience supported improvement in                                                                             anticipated and reflects a phasing of price actions in the
    Consumer customer satisfaction scores and we are                                                                         context of moderating inflation.
    now market leader.
    




    In Greece, service revenue increased during the
    
    16       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                      Governance                            Financials                                  Other information


         Our financial performance continued



         Africa                                                  In Egypt, service revenue increased well above      Customers                                           Vodafone Investments
                                                                inflation and in euro terms, driven by customer     In South Africa, we added 28,000 mobile             
                                              Reported Organic   base growth and data demand. The slowdown           contract customers during the year. We now                                                          FY26     FY25
                                FY26     FY25   growth growth1   in Q4 service revenue growth, as anticipated,       have a mobile contract customer base of 7.0         Associate and joint ventures                      €m       €m
                                  €m       €m       %       %
                                                                 was due to the prior year comparative which         million and Prepaid customer base of                Vantage Towers
         Total revenue        8,365    7,791       7.4           benefitted from the implementation of price         42.4 million. Across our active customer base,      (Oak Holdings 1 GmbH)                          (440)      (74)
              Service                                            increases in line with higher regulatory price      74.1% of our mobile customers use our data
                                                                 floors. Our financial services product, Vodafone    services. Customers using our Vodapay               VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.                   (95) (125)
              revenue         6,653    6,172       7.8    12.9
                                                                 Cash continued to grow with revenue                 super-app continued to grow, with demand for        Safaricom Limited                                  256   201
              Other                                              increasing by 48.2% on an organic basis to          our insurance, payments and lending
              revenue         1,712    1,619                                                                                                                             Other1 (including TPG Telecom
                                                                 €157 million.                                       marketplace services. In Egypt, we added            Limited)                                       (103) (125)
         Adjusted                                                                                                    423,000 mobile contract customers and
         EBITDAaL             2,834    2,593       9.3    14.0   In Vodacom’s international markets, service         3.3 million prepaid customers, supported by our     Share of results of equity
                                                                 revenue growth was supported by demand for          market-leading customer experience and NPS          accounted associates and
         Adjusted                                                data and an acceleration of M-Pesa revenue.                                                             joint ventures                                 (382) (123)
         EBITDAaL                                                                                                    leadership. In June 2025, we launched our 5G
                                                                 We delivered growth in Tanzania and the DRC         services enabling high quality voice services
         margin              33.9% 33.3%                                                                                                                                 Notes:
                                                                 during the year, and Mozambique returned to         and supporting the rapidly growing data             1. The Group’s investment in Vodafone Idea Limited (‘VIL’)
         Note:                                                   growth during FY26. M-Pesa revenue increased        demand in Egypt. Our financial services                was reduced to €nil in the year ended 31 March 2020 and
         1. Organic growth is a non-GAAP measure. See page 226   23.1% on an organic basis to €494 million and       product, Vodafone Cash, reached 14.7 million           the Group has not recorded any profit or loss in respect of
            for more information.                                now represents 29.7% of service revenue.                                                                   its share of VIL’s results since that date.
                                                                                                                     customers, including 3.3 million new users          2. Excluding the economic benefit of 50% of Telenet’s
         Growth                                                  Vodacom Business service revenue grew 6.9%          during the year. In Vodacom’s international            shareholding in the fibre-to-the-home network infrastructure
         Total revenue increased 7.4% to €8.4 billion            with organic growth of 11.3% (Q3: 12.3%, Q4:        markets, we added 7.1 million mobile                   vehicle Wyre B.V., which will be retained by Liberty Global.
         as higher service revenue was partially offset          11.0%), driven by demand for our digital            customers in FY26, and our customer base is
         by the depreciation of local currencies versus                                                              now 67.1 million, with 67.2% of active mobile       Vantage Towers Joint Venture – 44.7%
                                                                 services, including IoT.                                                                                ownership
         the euro. Service revenue increased 7.8%                                                                    customers using our data services.
         and organic service revenue growth was                  Adjusted EBITDAaL increased 9.3% as the                                                                 Total revenue increased 6.4% to €1.3 billion
         12.9% (Q3: 13.5%, Q4: 10.9%), with growth               depreciation of local currencies was more than      Our M-Pesa customer base increased by 4.1           during the year, supported by 473 net new
         in all of Vodacom’s markets.                            offset by organic growth. On an organic basis,      million during the year and now totals              tenancies and 891 new macro sites. As a result,
                                                                 Adjusted EBITDAaL increased 14.0% due to            29.3 million active users.                          the tenancy ratio increased to 1.55x (FY25:
         In South Africa, service revenue increased              service revenue growth, ongoing cost initiatives,                                                       1.53x). Vodafone’s share of the results was
         primarily driven by growth in mobile contract                                                               Spectrum                                            driven by a non-cash impairment charge of
                                                                 and the lapping of prior year impacts not           In February, we announced that Vodafone
         segment, supported by price increases and               expected to re-occur in the DRC. This was                                                               €464 million of their investment in INWIT, as a
         demand for our Business digital services. The                                                               Egypt secured 2 x 10MHz of 1,800MHz                 result of a decline in its share price. During the
                                                                 partially offset by a non-recurring lease           spectrum as a part of a multi-year investment
         step-up in Q4 service revenue growth was                accounting adjustment in H2 and a cost in H1 in                                                         year, Vantage Towers distributed €312 million in
         supported by improvement in prepaid, due to                                                                 programme. The spectrum payment will be             dividends to Vodafone.
                                                                 South Africa that is not expected to re-occur.      settled in four annual payments, which
         the acceleration in mobile data usage.                  The Adjusted EBITDAaL margin increased 0.6
         Financial services performed well with                                                                      commenced in FY26 with US$100 million (€84
                                                                 percentage points year-on-year to 33.9%.            million). The next phase of the programme is
         organic growth of 8.1% to €185 million,
         supported by demand for insurance products.                                                                 expected to commence in FY28 and conclude
                                                                                                                     by FY32 for the allocation of 3,500MHz
                                                                                                                     spectrum, and renewal of the existing
                                                                                                                     2,600MHz spectrum.

         
               Strategic report                            Governance                                    Financials                             Other information                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              17


    Our financial performance continued


    VodafoneZiggo Joint Venture (Netherlands)                €160 million in dividends from Safaricom.                     Net financing costs                                               Taxation
    – 50.0% ownership                                                                                                      


                                                                                                                                                                                Reported     
    In February 2026, we announced that we agreed to         TPG Telecom Limited Associate (Australia) –                                                     FY26      FY25                                                                 Reported
                                                                                                                                                                                 change
    sell our interests in VodafoneZiggo to Liberty           23.7% ownership                                                                                   €m        €m           %                                   FY26     FY25      change
                                                             TPG Telecom Limited is a fully integrated                                                                                                                      %        %          pps
    Global for €1.0 billion in cash and a 10% equity
                                                             telecommunications operator in Australia and is listed        Investment and other
    stake in a soon-to-be-formed Benelux entity (Ziggo                                                                                                                                       Effective tax rate         96.8%    (152.0)%    248.8
                                                             on the Australian stock exchange. The Group owns              income                           1,395     864
    Group), which will own 100% of both
    VodafoneZiggo and Liberty Global’s Belgian               an equivalent economic interest of 23.7%, via an 11%          Financing costs                 (2,375) (1,931)
    subsidiary, Telenet Group Holding2. Consequently,        direct stake in TPG and a 13% indirect stake, held                                                                              The Group’s Effective tax rate (‘ETR’) for the year
                                                             through a 50:50 joint venture with CK Hutchison.              Net financing costs               (980) (1,067)          8.2
    the Group’s investment in VodafoneZiggo was                                                                                                                                              ended 31 March 2026 was 96.8% (FY25: -152.0%).
    classified as held for sale from this date. The                                                                        Adjustments for:
                                                             In July 2025, TPG completed the sale of Vocus, its                                                                              The ETR includes a €358 million derecognition of the
    transaction is subject to the receipt of customary                                                                     Mark-to-market
                                                             fixed line business, and in November 2025 returned                                                                              net deferred tax assets (‘DTAs’) in the Group UK tax
    approvals and regulatory clearances and is                                                                             losses/(gains)                     217         (2)
                                                             A$3 billion cash to shareholders, with Vodafone                                                                                 group, and a €305 million write-down of the German
    expected to complete in the second half of 2026.         receiving A$748 million for its share via a capital           Foreign exchange                                                  DTAs as a result of enacted reductions to future tax
    Vodafone’s share of net loss in the period was €95       return and special dividend. Vodafone and CK                  (gains)/losses                     (56)         1                 rates. In addition, the group has significant
    million, driven by lower operating income. During        Hutchison agreed to reinvest the funds to its 50:50                                                                             non-deductible costs related to M&A activity.
                                                                                                                           Fair value gains on Other
    the year, Vodafone received €62 million in               joint venture for the purpose of repaying A $1.4 billion      Investments through profit                                        The BEPS Pillar Two Minimum Tax legislation was
    dividends and €51 million in interest payments from      of its multicurrency loan facility. Subsequently, the         and loss                              –     (247)                 enacted in July 2023 in the UK with effect from 2024.
    the joint venture.                                       Group provides guarantees amounting to US$0.5
                                                             billion and €0.6 billion (FY25: US$1.0 billion and €0.6       Adjusted net financing                                            The Group has applied the temporary exception
    Safaricom Associate (Kenya) – 27.8%                      billion) in relation to its 50% share in the loan facility.   costs1                            (819) (1,315)         37.7      under IAS 12 in relation to the accounting for deferred
    ownership                                                During FY26, Vodafone received €22 million in                                                                                   taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar
                                                                                                                           Note:                                                             Two rules. The tax charge for the year ended 31
                                                             dividends from its direct stake in TPG.                       1. Adjusted net financing costs is a non-GAAP measure and
    In December 2025, we announced that Vodacom                                                                                                                                              March 2026 includes a current tax charge of
                                                                                                                              excludes mark-to-market and foreign exchange
    Group Limited had agreed to acquire a further            Vodafone Idea Limited Joint Venture (India) –                    gains/losses, together with fair value movements on other
                                                                                                                                                                                             €9 million (2025: €7 million) relating to Pillar Two
    effective 20% of the issued share capital in             16.1% ownership                                                  investments through profit and loss. See page 226 for more     income taxes.
    Safaricom PLC, Kenya’s leading telecoms                  In March 2025, Vodafone Idea announced that the                  information.
    operator. Vodacom will acquire 15% from the              government had agreed to convert US$4.3 billion of
    Government of Kenya for a cash consideration of          its outstanding spectrum dues to equity. The Group’s          Adjusted net financing costs decreased by
    €1.36 billion and 5% from Vodafone for a cash            shareholding in Vodafone Idea Limited was                     €496 million, mainly as a result of the gain of
    consideration of €0.45 billion. Following completion     subsequently diluted to 16.1% in April 2025. As part          €771 million (2025: €253 million) from the redemption
    of the acquisition, Safaricom will be owned by           of the agreement to merge Vodafone India and Idea             of certain bonds that were bought back in advance of
    Vodacom (55%), the Government of Kenya (20%)             Cellular in 2017, the parties agreed a mechanism for          their maturity dates.
    and public investors (25%). Once the transaction         payments (the ‘CLAM indemnity’) between the Group
    completes, Safaricom will be consolidated by both        and Vodafone Idea Limited (‘VIL’) under which the             Net financing costs decreased by €87 million as the
    Vodacom and the Vodafone Group. Completion of            Group would reimburse VIL in the event of the                 impact of the gain on bond buyback was partially
    the acquisition is subject to certain conditions and     crystallisation and payment of certain identified             offset by the mark-to-market losses on derivatives of
    is currently prevented by a court order.                 contingent liabilities. On 31 December 2025 the               €217 million (2025: €2 million net gains) and fair value
                                                             Group reached an agreement with VIL to settle the             gains on other investments (nil in 2026, €247 million
    Safaricom service revenue grew 3.2% to                   Group’s obligations under the CLAM. See note 29               gain in 2025).
    €2.8 billion, with organic growth of 11.1% partially     ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’ in the
    offset by foreign exchange movements of the              consolidated financial statements for more
    Kenyan shilling versus the euro. Vodafone’s higher       information.
    share of results was due to results in Kenya and
    lapping a prior year currency devaluation in
    Ethiopia. During the year, Vodafone received

    
    18       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                       Strategic report                            Governance                                      Financials                          Other information


         Our financial performance continued



         Earnings per share                                         Assets                                                       Current assets                                                Current liabilities
                                                                   Non-current assets                                           Current assets decreased by €1.5 billion between              Current liabilities increased by €1.2 billion between
                                                        Reported    Goodwill and other intangible assets increased by            31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 to €27.1 billion.             31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 to €24.0 billion,
                                    FY26        FY25      change    €2.8 billion between 31 March 2025 and 31 March              This was primarily due to a decrease of €2.0 billion in       primarily due to a €1.5 billion increase in Trade and
                                eurocents   eurocents   eurocents                                                                Cash and cash equivalents and a decrease of                   other payables, primarily due to (i) an impact of
                                                                    2026 to €36.3 billion. The increase of €1.4 billion in
         Basic loss per share                                       Goodwill primarily reflects the merger with Three UK.        €0.7 billion in Other investments, partially offset by an     €0.7 billion from the merger between Vodafone UK
         – Continuing                                               Other intangible assets increased by €1.4 billion and        increase of €1.2 billion in Trade and other receivables.      and Three UK and (ii) recognition of a liability of
                                                                    includes both the fair value of intangible assets                                                                          €0.3 billion based on the observable market value of
         operations                (1.20) (15.86) 14.66c                                                                         Assets held for sale                                          the shares that have been assigned to Vodafone Idea
                                                                    acquired as part of the merger and other additions in
         Basic loss per share                                       the year, partially offset by amortisation charges.          Assets held for sale of €0.2 billion comprised the            Limited (see note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal
         – Total Group             (1.65) (15.94) 14.29c                                                                         Group’s investment in VodafoneZiggo Group Holding             proceedings’ in the consolidated financial statements
                                                                    Property, plant and equipment increased by                   B.V.                                                          for more information.
         Basic loss per share from continuing operations            €3.5 billion between 31 March 2025 and 31 March
                                                                    2026 to €34.2 billion and comprises €22.7 billion of         Total equity and liabilities                                  Inflation
         was 1.20 eurocents, compared to a basic loss per
         share of 15.86 eurocents for FY25. The increase            owned assets and €11.5 billion of right-of-use assets.       Equity                                                        The Turkish economy was designated as
                                                                    Owned assets increased by €2.3 billion, which is             Total equity increased by €0.4 billion between                hyperinflationary from 30 June 2022. The Ethiopian
         was primarily due to a higher operating profit, and a
                                                                    primarily attributable to the merger with Three UK and       31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 to €54.4 billion,             economy was designated as hyperinflationary from
         lower income tax expense, as well as a lower
                                                                    other additions in the year, partially offset by disposals   primarily due to an increase of €3.4 billion relating to      31 December 2022 until 31 March 2025. The Group
         weighted average number of shares compared to
                                                                    and depreciation charges. Right-of-use-assets assets         acquisitions and transactions with non-controlling            has applied IAS 29 ‘Financial Reporting in
         the prior year.
                                                                    increased by €1.2 billion.                                   interests, primarily attributable to the merger with          Hyperinflationary Economies’ to its Turkish operations
         Consolidated statement of financial                                                                                     Three UK. This was offset by: (i) comprehensive               whose functional currency is Turkish lira, from 1 April
                                                                    Investments in associates and joint ventures                 expense in the year of €0.1 billion, (ii) €1.3 billion of     2022, and to the Ethiopian operations, whose
         position                                                   decreased by €0.4 billion between 31 March 2025 and          dividends paid to the Group’s shareholders and (iii)          functional currency is Ethiopian Birr, from 1 April 2022
         The consolidated statement of financial position is        31 March 2026 to €6.5 billion. This reflects a decrease      €2.0 billion of treasury share purchases.                     until 31 March 2025. See note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’
         set out on page 138. Details on the major                  in Oak Holdings 1 GmbH (Vantage Towers) of                                                                                 in the consolidated financial statements for more
         movements of both our assets and liabilities in the        €0.7 billion, which resulted from a non-cash                 Non-current liabilities                                       information and for a summary of the impact on the
         year are set out below.                                    impairment charge of €0.5 billion of the INWIT asset,        Non-current liabilities decreased by €0.3 billion             financial results of the Group for the year ended 31
                                                                    following its share price decline, and the                   between 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 to                    March 2026.
         Merger of Vodafone Limited and Hutchison 3G                reclassification of the VodafoneZiggo investment as          €51.6 billion, primarily due to a €0.6 billion decrease in
         UK Holdings Limited in the UK                              held for sale. This was offset by the acquisition of a       Borrowings, partially offset by a €0.2 billion increase in
         On 31 May 2025, the Group and CK Hutchison                 30% interest for €0.6 billion in Maziv Proprietary           deferred tax liabilities.
         Group Telecom Holdings Limited (‘CKHGT’), a                Limited by Vodacom. See note 12 ‘Associates and
         wholly owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings           joint arrangements’ in the consolidated financial
         Limited (‘Hutchison’), transferred their UK                statements for more information.
         telecommunications businesses, respectively
         Vodafone Limited (‘Vodafone UK’) and Hutchison             Other non-current assets decreased by €3.2 billion
         3G UK Holdings Limited (‘Three UK’), into                  between 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2026 to
         VodafoneThree Holdings Limited (‘VTHL’).                   €25.7 billion, primarily due to a decrease of €1.2 billion
                                                                    in Trade and other receivables, a €1.1 billion decrease
         Following completion, VTHL is a subsidiary of the          in Other investments and a decrease of €1.0 billion in
         Group, in which the Group owns 51% of the issued           deferred tax assets.
         share capital and CKHGT indirectly owns 49%, and
         Vodafone UK and Three UK are wholly owned
         subsidiaries of VTHL.
         See note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ and note
         33 ‘Subsequent events’ in the consolidated financial
         statements for further information. This transaction
         has impacted several categories of assets and
         liabilities in the year.

         
              Strategic report                         Governance                             Financials      Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   19


    Our financial performance continued



    Cash flow and funding                                Outflow from investing activities increased by
    Analysis of cash flow                                €8,997 million to €4,238 million, primarily due to
                                                        proceeds from the disposals of 10% of Oak
                                            Reported
                          FY26      FY25     change      Holdings 1 GmBH (€1,336 million), 18% of
                            €m        €m          %      Indus Towers Limited (€1,684 million) and
                                                         Vodafone Spain (€3,669 million) in the
    Inflow from
                                                         comparative period, which outweighed lower
    operating
                                                         cash outflows from discontinued operations,
    activities         14,291     15,373       (7.0)
                                                         settlement in the current year of redeemable
    (Outflow)/inflow                                     preference shares provided by Zegona
    from investing                                       Communications Plc as part of the disposal of
    activities          (4,238)    4,759    (189.1)      Vodafone Spain and a higher net inflow in
    Outflow from                                         respect of short-term investments. Short-term
    financing                                            investments include highly liquid government
    activities         (11,806) (15,278)      22.7       and government-backed securities and
                                                         managed investment funds that are in highly
    Net cash                                             rated and liquid money market investments
    (outflow)/                                           with liquidity of up to 90 days.
    inflow              (1,753)    4,854    (136.1)
    Cash and cash                                        (Outlow)/inflow from investing activities
    equivalents at                                       includes the purchase of property, plant and
    the beginning of                                     equipment. See the consolidated statement of
    the financial                                        cash flows on page 141 for more information
    year               10,893      6,114                 for the year ended 31 March 2026 and the
                                                         comparative year. The Group continues to
    Exchange loss                                        invest to further expand 5G roll-out coverage
    on cash and                                          and capacity.
    cash
    equivalents           (227)      (75)                Outflows from financing activities decreased by
    Cash and cash                                        €3,472 million to €11,806 million resulting from
    equivalents at                                       lower repayment of borrowings, higher
    the end of the                                       proceeds from the issue of long-term
    financial year       8,913    10,893                 borrowings, lower cash inflows from
                                                         discontinued operations and lower dividends
    Cash inflow from operating activities                paid, which were partly offset by higher
    decreased to €14,291 million, reflecting cash        payments in respect of the purchase of
    inflows from discontinued operations in the          treasury shares.
    prior year.
    


    
    20       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               Strategic report                      Governance   Financials   Other information


         Our financial performance continued



         Borrowings and cash position                         Liquidity is reviewed regularly on at least a
                                                             12-month rolling basis and stress tested on the
                                                   Reported   assumption that any commercial paper
                                 FY26      FY25     change    outstanding matures and is not reissued. The
                                   €m        €m          %    Group maintains substantial cash and cash
         Non-current                                          equivalents which at 31 March 2026 amounted
         borrowings          (45,506) (46,096)                to cash €9.0 billion (2025: €11.0 billion) and
         Current                                              undrawn committed facilities of €7.6 billion
         borrowings            (7,130)   (7,047)              (2025: €8.0 billion), principally US dollar and
                                                              euro revolving credit facilities of US$4.0 billion
         Borrowings          (52,636) (53,143)                (€3.5 billion) and €4.1 billion and which mature
         Cash and cash                                        in 2028 and 2031 respectively. The Group
         equivalents           8,982     11,001               manages liquidity risk on non-current
                                                              borrowings by maintaining a varied maturity
         Borrowings less                                      profile with a cap on the level of debt maturity in
         cash and cash                                        any one calendar year, therefore minimising
         equivalents         (43,654) (42,142)        (3.6)   refinancing risk. Non-current borrowings mature
                                                              between 1 and 60 years.
         Borrowings include bonds of €33,828 million
         (31 March 2025: €36,402 million), lease              See note 21 ‘Borrowings’ and note 22 ‘Capital
         liabilities of €12,388 million (31 March 2025:       and financial risk management’ in the
         €10,826 million), cash collateral liabilities of     consolidated financial statements for more
         €1,644 million (31 March 2025: €2,357                information on the funding position of the Group
         million) and loans and other borrowings of           and note 28 ‘Commitments’ for disclosure of the
         €4,776 million (31 March 2025: €3,558                minimum amounts the Group was committed to
         million).                                            pay at 31 March 2026 and for the comparative
                                                              year.
         The decrease in borrowings of €507 million
         was primarily driven by a reduction in bonds
         (€2,574 million) as a result of the repayment
         of certain bonds and foreign exchange rate
         movements, together with a reduction in
         collateral liabilities (€713 million), which
         outweighed an increase in lease liabilities
         (€1,562 million) arising primarily from the
         VodafoneThree merger in the UK and an
         increase on other borrowings (€1,218 million)
         following a preference share issuance in
         Vodacom (€404 million) and higher licence
         and spectrum borrowings (€602 million),
         principally from 5G spectrum acquired in
         Türkiye.

         
            Strategic report                     Governance                             Financials                         Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                           21


    Our financial performance continued




    Prior year operating results                   Acquisitions and disposals                           Share buybacks
    Our operating performance for the last         See note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ in the      In May 2024, the Group started a series of irrevocable and non-discretionary share buyback
                                                   consolidated financial statements for details of     programmes in order to return €2 billion of the proceeds from the sale of Vodafone Spain. The last
    financial year ended 31 March 2025                                                                  of these was announced on 4 February 2025 and completed on 19 May 2025.
    compared to the financial year ended           acquisition and disposal transactions during the
                                                   years ended 31 March 2026 and 2025.                  A new series of share buyback programmes of up to €2 billion of the proceeds from the sale of
    31 March 2024 can be found on pages 19 to
    27 of our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed     Transactions in the year ended 31 March 2024         Vodafone Italy was announced on 20 May 2025, 23 July 2025, 10 November 2025 and 4 February
                                                   are summarised below.                                2026, with the programmes completing on 11 May 2026.
    with the United States Securities and
    Exchange Commission on 6 June 2025.            Disposals                                            Details of the shares purchased under these programmes are shown below.
                                                   On 28 September 2023, the Group sold M-Pesa          
                                                   Holding Company Limited which holds funds on                                                                                     Total number of shares
                                                                                                                                                           Average price paid              purchased under   Total consideration of shares
                                                   trust for M-Pesa customers, to Safaricom Plc for                                  Number of shares     per share inclusive     publicly announced share               purchased under
                                                   US$1. Balances included in the Group’s                                               purchased1,2      of transaction costs   buyback programmes3,4,5,6               the programmes
                                                   consolidated statement of financial position at      Date of share purchase                   000s                 Pence £                         000s                            €000
                                                   the date of disposal included cash of €63 million,   April 2025                          74,663                   69.90                       74,663                         61,131
                                                   together with short-term investments of €1,195
                                                   million and €1,156 million due to M-Pesa             May 2025                           104,937                   72.14                     179,600                        152,748
                                                   customers recorded within Other investments          June 2025                          313,874                   75.37                     493,474                        430,850
                                                   and Trade and other payables, respectively.          July 2025                          249,090                   81.76                     742,564                        666,864
                                                                                                        August 2025                        194,792                   85.47                     937,356                        858,837
                                                                                                        September 2025                     119,656                   86.70                   1,057,012                        978,197
                                                                                                        October 2025                        96,695                   87.74                   1,153,707                     1,075,368
                                                                                                        November 2025                      134,159                   90.90                   1,287,866                     1,216,207
                                                                                                        December 2025                      256,290                   96.16                   1,544,156                     1,497,782
                                                                                                        January 2026                        89,815                 101.90                    1,633,971                     1,603,224
                                                                                                        February 2026                      270,208                 114.30                    1,904,179                     1,967,149
                                                                                                        March 2026                          61,100                 110.68                    1,965,279                     2,045,082
                                                                                                        April 2026                          39,791                 116.29                    2,005,070                     2,098,316
                                                                                                        May 2026 (until 11
                                                                                                        May)                                22,837                 118.67                    2,027,907                     2,126,871
                                                                                                        Total5                           2,027,907                   90.39                   2,027,907                     2,126,871
                                                                                                        Notes:
                                                                                                        1. The nominal value of shares purchased is 20 21/22 pence each.
                                                                                                        2. Settlement date is two days after shares purchased.
                                                                                                        3. No shares were purchased outside the publicly announced share buyback programmes.
                                                                                                        4. In accordance with shareholder authority granted at the 2024 and 2025 Annual General Meetings.
                                                                                                        5. The total shares repurchased under each programme were 578,085,036 shares completed on 19 May 2025, 550,160,688
                                                                                                           shares completed on 23 July 2025, 502,265,648 shares completed on 10 November 2025, 441,527,385 shares completed on
                                                                                                           4 February 2026 and 383,158,231 shares completed on 11 May 2026.
                                                                                                        6. The total number of shares purchased represented 8.8% of our issued share capital, excluding Treasury shares, at 11 May
                                                                                                           2026.
                                                                                                        
    22       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             Strategic report                          Governance                          Financials                         Other information


         Our financial performance continued



         Section 219 SEC filings of interest                Vodafone has certain embassy and enterprise           During the financial year ended 31 March 2026,       Dividends
         Vodafone Group Plc (‘Vodafone’) does not           relationships with Iranian entities. During the       Vodafone Global Network Limited (VGN)                The Board is recommending total dividends per
         have any operations in Iran i.e. subsidiaries,     financial year ended 31 March 2026, Vodafone          continued to be a member of a consortium             share of 4.6125 eurocents for the year. This
         other equity investments, assets, facilities or    provided telecommunications services to two           including Telecommunication Infrastructure           includes a final dividend of 2.3625 eurocents
         employees located in Iran, and Vodafone has        Iranian national embassies and consulates             Company of Iran (‘TIC’) (an entity controlled by     compared to 2.25 eurocents in the prior year.
         made no capital investment in Iran. To the         globally. The approximate gross revenue               the government of Iran) that has built a high-       
         best of its knowledge, no U.S. persons,            attributable to both relationships during the         speed cable network from a landing point in
                                                            financial year ended 31 March 2026 was                Oman to Germany. Each member of the                      This year’s report contains the Strategic
         including any U.S. affiliates of Vodafone, are                                                                                                                    Report on pages 1 to 70, which includes an
         involved in the activities described below.        €1,405.15.                                            consortium is responsible for funding, building
                                                                                                                  and maintaining its section of the cable, with           analysis of our performance and position, a
         Except as specified below, to the best of                                                                                                                         review of the business during the year, and
                                                            During the financial year ended 31 March 2026,        VGN owning and being responsible for the
         Vodafone’s knowledge, neither Vodafone, its                                                                                                                       outlines the principal risks and
                                                            Vodafone provided telecommunications                  segment from the Ukrainian border with Russia
         subsidiaries, nor its affiliates have engaged in                                                                                                                  uncertainties we face. The Strategic Report
                                                            services to seven Iranian majority-government-        to Frankfurt, Germany. No consortium
         any activities requiring disclosure under                                                                                                                         was approved by the Board and signed on
                                                            owned or controlled entities and/or entities          transactions or purchase of capacity took place
         Section 13(r) of the Securities Exchange Act                                                                                                                      its behalf by the Group Chief Executive
                                                            listed on Office of Foreign Assets Control            during the financial year ended 31 March 2026
         of 1934. Vodafone maintains an economic                                                                                                                           and Group Chief Financial Officer.
                                                            (OFAC) SDN list. To the best of Vodafone’s            for which Vodafone was due any revenues.
         sanctions compliance programme which aims
                                                            knowledge, no U.S. persons, including any U.S.
         to ensure adherence to applicable laws and
                                                            affiliates of Vodafone, are involved in these         Vodafone, through one of its subsidiaries,
         regulations and to support proactive and                                                                                                                          /s/ Margherita Della Valle
                                                            activities. Five of these enterprise relationships    registers and renews certain domain names in
         transparent disclosure of relevant revenues.
                                                            were terminated within the financial year and         Iran for brand protection purposes. Renewals
                                                            are no longer active. In addition, a notice of        are submitted to the Iranian Institute for               Margherita Della Valle
         Vodafone has wholesale roaming and                                                                                                                                Group Chief Executive
         interconnect arrangements (including voice         termination has been served on the further two        Research in Fundamental Science, which is the
         and data) with mobile and fixed line operators     enterprise relationships and transactions with        domain name registry in Iran. The costs of the           19 May 2026
         in Iran. Vodafone has, or has had,                 those entities are expected to cease in 2026. In      registration and renewal of the domain names
         relationships with telecommunications              addition to previous disclosures, the                 for the financial year ended 31 March 2026,
         operators in Iran in connection with such          approximate total gross revenue attributable          including the professional fees associated               /s/ Pilar López
         roaming and interconnect arrangements,             from 5 November 2018 (when relevant entities          therewith, were €883.44. Vodafone also
         some of which it believes are or may be            became listed on OFAC’s SDN lists), to the            continues to maintain Iranian trademarks in              Pilar López
         government-controlled entities. Approximate        financial year which ended 31 March 2025, was         Iran. No fees were due to the Iranian patents or         Group Chief Financial Officer
         gross revenue and costs attributable to the        €88,495.99. The approximate gross revenue             trademarks offices during the financial year
                                                            attributable to all of the enterprise relationships   ended 31 March 2026.                                     19 May 2026
         roaming and interconnect arrangements were                                                                                                                    
         €112,538.63 and €349,948.19 respectively,          during the financial year ended 31 March 2026         
         for the financial year ended 31 March 2026.        was €9,932.36.
                                                           


         
                Strategic report                                   Governance                                        Financials                                   Other information                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                    23






    ESG and responsible business
    Guided by our mission to connect everyone, we address Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’) topics through our mission led strategy, to enable an
    inclusive, sustainable and trusted digital society. By embedding ESG across our strategy, we are building the foundations for long-term shareholder value.
    




    Notes:
    1. Organic growth. See page 227 for more information
    2. Includes direct taxes, non-taxation based revenue mechanisms, such as payments for the right to use spectrum, and indirect taxes collected on behalf of governments around the world, excludes joint ventures and associates. The FY26 figure will be finalised during
       FY27. For more information, refer to our Tax and Economic Contribution reports, available at: vodafone.com/tax.
    
    24         Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                        Governance                                Financials                     Other information


           ESG and responsible business continued

           Our ESG disclosures
           




         We report on a broad range of ESG topics, against a number of frameworks, to help stakeholders understand our responsible business performance.


         Topic                                                Annual Report   Website                                    Topic                                                   Annual Report   Website
         ESG governance                                         page 25         vodafone.com/esg-governance              Empowering People                                         pages 33–43      vodafone.com/empowering-people

         ESG strategy and reporting                             page 27         vodafone.com/esg-approach                Network coverage                                          page 33          vodafone.com/network-coverage

         ESG addendum                                                           vodafone.com/esg-addendum                Smartphone affordability                                  page 34          vodafone.com/affordable-tariffs

         ESG addendum methodology                                               vodafone.com/esg-methodology             Smartphone accessibility                                  page 35          vodafone.com/smartphone-accessibility

         EU taxonomy                                                            vodafone.com/taxonomy                    Financial inclusion services                              page 36          vodafone.com/financial-inclusion

         Modern slavery statement                                               vodafone.com/modern-slavery-statement    Small and Medium Enterprise (‘SME’) services              page 37          vodafone.com/smes

         Responsible minerals report                                            vodafone.com/responsible-minerals        Public sector services                                    page 37          vodafone.com/public-sector

         Climate-related risk report (‘TCFD’)                   pages 65–70     vodafone.com/tcfd                        Organisational culture                                    page 38          vodafone.com/our-people

         ESG assurance table                                    page 58         vodafone.com/esg-assurance               Diversity, Equity and Inclusion                           pages 39–40      vodafone.com/diversity-and-inclusion
         UK Streamlined Energy and Carbon Report                                                                         Safety, Health and Wellbeing                              pages 42–43      vodafone.com/workplace-safety
         (‘SECR’)                                               page 58         vodafone.com/secr
                                                                                                                         Maintaining Trust                                         pages 44–52      vodafone.com/maintaining-trust
         Non-financial sustainability statement                 page 59         vodafone.com/nfrs-statement
                                                                                                                         Code of Conduct                                           page 44          vodafone.com/code-of-conduct
         ESG cautionary statement                               page 59         vodafone.com/esg-statement
                                                                                                                         Speak Up                                                  pages 44–45      vodafone.com/speak-up
         Carbon Disclosure Project (‘CDP’)                                      vodafone.com/cdp
                                                                                                                         Anti-bribery, corruption and fraud                        page 45          vodafone.com/anti-bribery
         EcoVadis                                                               vodafone.com/ecovadis
                                                                                                                         Network shutdowns                                         page 46          vodafone.com/managing-human-rights
         Global Reporting Initiative (‘GRI’)                                    vodafone.com/esg-addendum
                                                                                                                         Law enforcement assistance                                page 47          vodafone.com/managing-human-rights
         Sanctions and trade controls statement                                 vodafone.com/sanctions-statement
                                                                                                                         Transparency report                                                        vodafone.com/transparency
         Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (‘SASB’)                     vodafone.com/sasb
                                                                                                                         Responsible supply chain                                  page 48          vodafone.com/responsible-supply-chain
         UK pay gap report                                                      vodafone.com/pay-gap
                                                                                                                         Code of Ethical Purchasing                                                 vodafone.com/cep
         UNGC communication on progress                                         vodafone.com/ungc-cop
                                                                                                                         Human rights in the supply chain                          page 49          vodafone.com/responsible-supply-chain
         Protecting the Planet                                  pages 28–32     vodafone.com/protecting-the-planet
                                                                                                                         Data privacy                                              pages 50–51      vodafone.com/privacy
         Tackling carbon emissions                              pages 28–30     vodafone.com/tackling-carbon-emissions
                                                                                                                         Cyber security                                            pages 52–54      vodafone.com/cyber
         Climate transition plan                                                vodafone.com/ctp
                                                                                                                         Network and IT resilience                                 page 55          vodafone.com/resilience
         Network equipment e-waste and circularity              page 31         vodafone.com/network-circularity
                                                                                                                         Artificial Intelligence (‘AI’) framework                                   vodafone.com/aI-framework
         Device equipment e-waste and circularity               page 32         vodafone.com/device-circularity
                                                                                                                         Mobiles, masts and health                                                  vodafone.com/emf
         Nature and biodiversity                                                vodafone.com/nature
                                                                                                                         Tax and economic contribution                                              vodafone.com/tax
         Enabling the green transition                                          vodafone.com/enablement
                Strategic report                                    Governance                                     Financials        Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   25


    ESG and responsible business continued
    Our ESG governance



    ESG is integral to our operations,                                The ESG Committee is made up of Board members
                                                                      who oversee the approach to ESG and monitor our
    reinforced by our ESG governance                                  mission, providing strategic steer and challenge.
    framework. We continue to enhance this                            
                                                                          Read more about the focus of the meetings on page 99
    framework to drive the effective delivery
                                                                      The ESG Committee and the Audit and Risk
    of our ESG initiatives while meeting                              Committee (‘ARC’) meet at least annually to discuss
    evolving regulatory and reporting                                 our approach to reporting on ESG matters.
                                                                      
    requirements.                                                         Read more about the ARC on pages 92 to 97
    Our ESG governance model embeds environmental,
                                                                      Using the ESG Committee’s strategic direction the
    social and governance considerations into our
                                                                      ESG and Reputation Committee (‘ESGR’), made up of
    day-to-day management, while maintaining Board
                                                                      Executive Committee members, provides oversight
    oversight. Our ESG governance model complements
                                                                      and direction to ensure delivery of our ESG initiatives
    our broader governance structure, which facilitates
                                                                      and to ensure compliance with ESG regulations.
    effective decision-making and supports strategy                   
    delivery.                                                             Read more about the ESGR on page 75
    
        Read more about the our governance model on page 74           We added the ESG Steering Committee (‘SteerCo’) as
        Read more about the Board and Board delegated                 a further layer of governance into our model this year.
        Committees such as roles and division of responsibilities     The SteerCo is made up of our senior leadership team
        on pages 74 to 80                                             (‘SLT’) responsible for the delivery of our ESG
                                                                      initiatives. The key objectives are to build awareness,
    We recognise that ESG includes a broad range of                   strengthen ownership and coordinate delivery of topics
    topics, with each area requiring diverse expertise and            that fall within the remit of the ESG Committee.
    cross-functional collaboration to effectively deliver
    each strategic initiative. For this reason progress on            Programme progress is reviewed in quarterly
    ESG topics is reported up to the Board via various                meetings, supported by dashboard tracking to monitor
    Committees, determined by the appropriate route for               initiatives, capture learnings, and strengthen cross-
    the specific topic.                                               functional and market collaboration. In parallel, the
                                                                     SteerCo aims to empower accountable owners to
        Read more about our material topics mapped against their      make aligned decisions, streamlining delivery and
        accountable Committee on page 26
                                                                      improving overall efficiency.
    Each Committee is supported by senior leaders and                 This model ensures ESG considerations are
    business functions who are responsible for                        embedded across our operations and decision-making,
    implementing ESG strategic initiatives and monitoring             both from the bottom up and the top down. This two
    associated progress. The format of reporting on                   way approach reinforces ESG as an integral part of
    material topics may differ, as management aims to                 how we drive the business, as topics are discussed at
    ensure that information is tailored appropriately to              every level and progress is reported to and monitored
    support the Committee in fulfilling its responsibilities.         by the Board.
    Where relevant, subject-matter experts contribute to
    joint papers, and papers may be shared across
    multiple Committees where topics overlap, ensuring
    consistent and informed decision-making.

                                                                                                                                 
    26       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                   Strategic report                   Governance                        Financials                     Other information


         ESG and responsible business continued


             Our material topics1
         
             Material topic                                 Subtopic                                                 Link to Vodafone strategy    Read more          Board or Board Committee Responsible         Read more
             Climate change                                 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions                                                             pages 28 to 29   ESG Committee                                    page 99

                                                            Scope 3 GHG emissions                                                                   pages 29 to 30   ESG Committee                                    page 99
                                                            Network equipment e-waste and
                                                                                                                                                    page 31
             Waste and circularity                          circularity                                                                                              ESG Committee                                    page 99
                                                            Device equipment e-waste and
                                                                                                                                                    page 32
                                                            circularity                                                                                              ESG Committee                                    page 99

             Digital inclusion                              Network coverage                                                                        page 33          Technology Committee                             page 98

                                                            Affordability and accessibility                                                         pages 34 to 35   ESG Committee                                    page 99

                                                            Financial inclusion services                                                            page 36          ESG Committee                                    page 99

                                                            Digitalising SMEs and public sector                                                     page 37          ESG Committee                                    page 99

             Our people strategy                            Organisational culture                                                                  page 38          Board                                            page 77–80

                                                            Diversity, Equity and Inclusion                                                         pages 39 to 40   Board                                            page 77–80

                                                            Talent attraction and retention                                                         page 41          Board                                            page 77–80

                                                            Safety, Health and Wellbeing                                                            pages 42 to 43   Board                                            page 77–80

             Business integrity                             Code of Conduct                                                                         page 44          Audit and Risk Committee                         page 92–97

                                                            Speak Up                                                                                pages 44 to 45   Audit and Risk Committee                         page 92–97

                                                            Anti-bribery, corruption and fraud                                                      page 45          Audit and Risk Committee                         page 92–97

             Human rights                                   Network shutdowns                                                                       page 46          ESG Committee                                    page 92–97

                                                            Law enforcement assistance                                                              page 47          ESG Committee                                    page 92–97

             Responsible supply chain                       Responsible supply chain                                                                page 48          ESG Committee                                    page 99

                                                            Human rights in the supply chain                                                        page 49          ESG Committee                                    page 99

             Security and resilience                        Data privacy                                                                            pages 50 to 51   Audit and Risk Committee                         page 92–97

                                                            Cyber security                                                                          pages 52 to 54   Audit and Risk Committee                         page 92–97

                                                            Network and IT resilience                                                               page 55          Audit and Risk Committee                         page 92–97

             Key
                 Protecting the Planet                Empowering People           Maintaining Trust

             Note:
             1. This table is an indicative list of our material topics.


         
           Strategic report              Governance                                Financials                        Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                27


    ESG and responsible business continued





    Our approach to materiality and ESG reporting
    
    Our materiality assessment process       We approached the materiality                         topics against sector peers, drawing on industry           functional input from across the business. The
                                                                                                  standards such as the SASB Telecommunications              proposed list of material topics was reviewed by
                                             assessment as an extension of our                     Service Standard and S&P CPA Sector Specific               senior leaders, and approved by the Board. As we
                                             ongoing work; consolidating                           Guidance, alongside desk-based research.                   move towards CSRD compliance we continue to
                                             impacts, risks and opportunities                      The potential material topics were reviewed by the         review, enhance and update our approach to our
                                                                                                                                                              materiality assessment which may result in
                                             already recognised across our                         Chief External Affairs Officer to assess relevance
                                                                                                                                                              changes to the identified topics in future periods.
                                                                                                   prior to undertaking stakeholder engagement.
                                             operations through a structured                       Both internal and external stakeholders were               Each material topic is validated and sponsored by
                                             process.                                              consulted using individual interviews, group               a member of the Executive Committee, this
                                             We continue to strengthen our approach to ESG,        workshops and surveys. Stakeholders included               enables topic-level leadership and embeds
                                             driving alignment with commercial strategies and      internal specialists, employee groups, senior              accountability throughout the business. These
                                             developing strong governance throughout the           leaders, suppliers, investors, and representatives         responsibilities include overseeing the relevant
                                             organisation in preparation for future reporting      from industry groups.                                      strategies, action plans, progress and delivery
                                             under the Corporate Sustainability Reporting          Identification of material topics were determined          against future commitments. The responsible
                                             Directive (‘CSRD’) and UK Sustainability              using a centralised scoring methodology that               Board Committee receives regular updates on
                                             Reporting Standards (‘UK SRS’). Our reporting is      incorporated both qualitative and quantitative             progress across our material topics.
                                                                                                                                                              
                                             prepared using a reporting boundary for our own       elements. For each topic, we considered the most               Read more about our ESG governance on page 25
                                             operations consistent with our financial              relevant parts of our value chain (own operations,             Read more about our governance structure on page 71
                                             statements. In addition, we include information on    upstream, or downstream) and relevant time
                                             material value chain components.                      horizons. The value chain relates to the full              The materiality assessment outputs are
                                                                                                   lifecycle of our activities from conception to end of      summarised in the ‘Our material topics’ table
                                             Our approach to materiality assessment                                                                           which outlines the ESG matters identified as
                                                                                                   life, including both upstream suppliers and
                                             We have conducted an extensive and in-depth                                                                      material to us. Details on strategically important
                                                                                                   downstream customers.
                                             double materiality assessment considering both                                                                   topics that are not identified as material have
                                             the financial and impact materiality of various       A topic is material from an impact perspective             been removed from this report.
                                             ESG matters across the Group.                         when our actions, or those of our suppliers,               

                                                                                                   customers, or business partners, lead to                       Read more about our non-material topics on page 24
                                             In performing our materiality assessment, we
                                                                                                   significant effects on the environment or on                   Read our material topics table on page 26
                                             assessed our business model to identify and
                                                                                                   people. For impact materiality we considered
                                             evaluate all potential material topics, considering                                                              Our response to identified material topics
                                                                                                   scale, scope, irremediability, and likelihood of
                                             both impact (‘inside-out’) and financial                                                                         The responsibility to develop and implement a
                                                                                                   actual or potential impacts.
                                             (‘outside-in’) perspectives. This assessment was                                                                 strategy to manage each material topic is
                                             grounded in a thorough understanding of the           A topic is material from a financial perspective           assigned to a senior leader within the relevant
                                             context of our operations and value chain focusing    when the topic can affect our financial                    business function aligned to the Executive
                                             on our core activities. Where appropriate, we         performance significantly either positively as an          Committee sponsor for the topic. Delivery teams
                                             considered heightened risks and impacts               opportunity or negatively as a risk. For financial         work cross functionally to deliver against the
                                             associated with specific activities, business         materiality we assessed probability and                    agreed strategy and are supported by our ESG
                                             relationships, geographies, and our end-to-end        magnitude of topic-related financial effects               Reporting function, who ensure that decision-
                                             value chain.                                          leveraging our integrated risk management                  useful information is reported to manage
                                                                                                   process.                                                   progress. An update on our programmes in each
                                             To deliver the materiality assessment we
                                             undertook a top-down approach starting with a list    The process has been led by our ESG Reporting              of these areas is available in this report.
                                                                                                                                                              
                                             of sector agnostic topics. In addition, we            and Sustainable Business teams with cross-                     Read more about our material topics on pages 28 to 57
                                             benchmarked our activities and potential material

    
    28       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                              Strategic report                           Governance                                       Financials                          Other information





         Protecting the Planet
         
                                                                           Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions                                 implementing ISO 50001 certified energy                        We continued improving energy efficiency across our
                                                                           The biggest driver of our operational emissions             management systems across our markets.                         global network operations, with a particular focus on
                                                                           (referred to as ‘Scope 1 and 2’) is the burning of fossil   2. We connect our base stations to the electricity grid        deploying latest generation energy efficient radio
                                                                           fuels to generate the energy needed to run our              where economically feasible, so that we can rely less          hardware, activating new smart power-saving
                                                                           networks.                                                   on power generators. We develop proof of concepts              features, and developing artificial intelligence use
                                                                                                                                       and conduct research to find alternative low- or               cases for energy management. For example, we
                                                                           We are working to reduce these emissions every year
                                                                                                                                       zero-carbon sources of power to help find cleaner              developed a ‘0 bit, 0 watt’ software, resulting in a
                                                                           to achieve our climate targets. The emissions
                                                                                                                                       energy solutions.                                              reduction in energy usage of up to 90% during periods
                                                                           reduction trajectory used to set our climate targets is
                                                                                                                                                                                                      of idle use, and introduced AI based energy tracking
                                                                           aligned to our long-term ambition to reach net zero         3. We increase the number of sites across our mobile           tools for anomalies detection. These tools helped us
                                                                           across our value chain by 2040. As part of our Climate      access and fixed line networks and property estate             unlock energy consumption insights that have led to
                                                                           Transition Plan, we mapped this trajectory with interim     with on-site renewable electricity generation and              energy savings.
                                                                           milestones to reach net zero in our own operations in       power storage where technically and economically
                                                                           Europe by 2028 and in Africa by 2035. Separate net          feasible.                                                      We strengthened our focus on innovation and
                                                                           zero targets for Europe and Africa recognise the                                                                           undertook trials aiming to test new technologies within
                                                                           significant differences in the challenges we face in        4. We seek to reduce the accidental release of                 our network. We led a distributed energy storage
                                                                           these two regions. Our emission reduction trajectory        Fluorinated gases (‘F-gases’) by improving the                 system pilot in the Czech Republic to test how large
                                                                           also includes our near-term Science Based Target            maintenance and operation of our cooling and fire              scale grid-connected batteries could support grid
                                                                           initiative (‘SBTi’) validated target to achieve 90%         suppression systems. We are also transitioning to              balancing; the stabilisation of electricity grids through
                                                                           reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions globally by            lower global warming potential (‘GWP’) gases where             a syncing of supply and demand. We launched a pilot
                                                                           2030. We monitor our progress in reducing Scope 1           possible.                                                      project in the United Kingdom to explore how large-
                                                                           and 2 emissions in comparison to this trajectory.           5. We increase the use of Electric Vehicles (‘EVs’)            scale battery systems connected to the grid could
                                                                                                                                       powered by electricity from renewable sources in our           support more flexible and sustainable energy. Using
                                                                           By doing so, we seek to reduce our environmental
                                                                                                                                       fleet in Europe through fleet electrification, installation    batteries to balance electricity supply and demand
                                                                           impact, strengthen the resilience of our network and
                                                                                                                                       of EV infrastructure and employee engagement to                improves grid flexibility by storing power when it is
                                                                           enhance confidence among our business customers
                                                                                                                                       increase EV adoption.                                          plentiful and releasing it back to the grid when it is
                                                                           with regard to our ESG commitments.
                                                                                                                                                                                                      needed. This grid flexibility is increasingly needed to
                                                                           Strategy                                                    6. We aim to match the grid electricity we use with            enable the transition from fossil fuels to more
                                                                           Our climate transition plan outlines the actions we are     renewable electricity certificates (‘RECs’), including         intermittent renewable sources of energy.
                                                                           taking during the period FY25 to FY27 to reduce             through Power Purchase Agreements (‘PPAs’). In
                                                                                                                                       markets where RECs are not yet available, we seek to           In addition to exploring grid flexibility, we recognise
                                                                           emissions in line with our climate targets and to build                                                                    the growing need to match electricity use in our own
                                                                          climate resilience into our business.                       innovate and establish new ways of purchasing
                                                                                                                                       renewable grid electricity.                                    operations to times when the grid is most renewable.
             100%                                                          Our approach to reducing our Scope 1 and 2
                                                                           emissions comprises six priority areas of action:           This year
                                                                                                                                                                                                      We undertook further research on this topic, and
                                                                                                                                                                                                      explored how this can be implemented within our
             grid electricity purchased and used globally                                                                              We advanced the deployment of our climate transition           energy management systems, and seek to develop
             matched with renewable sources1                               1. We improve energy efficiency and optimise energy                                                                        our approach in the future.
                                                                                                                                       strategy across our markets. We delivered progress in
                                                                           use across our infrastructure assets and estate by          deploying innovations in network energy efficiency
                                                                           modernising our networks, reducing electricity
             31%                                                           consumption, making improvements in network
                                                                           configuration, consolidating parts of our fixed network
                                                                                                                                       and grid flexibility, and progress in electrifying our
                                                                                                                                       vehicle fleet in Europe.
             reduction in Scope 1,2,3 GHG emissions since
                                                                           and data centre estate, and
             2020                                                          

         Note:
         


         1. Correct to zero decimal places. Less than 0.2% of grid
            electricity used by Vodafone Group in FY26 is not matched
            with renewable sources. This is because in a small number of
            locations where we operate, there is no available renewable
            electricity purchasing mechanism and these locations are not
            grid-connected to any markets where such mechanisms are
            available.


         
              Strategic report                            Governance                                  Financials                           Other information                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            29


    Protecting the Planet continued


    We have also progressed in transitioning away           Germany, successfully achieved its target to reach         Renewable electricity purchasing1 and total                      structural barriers to decarbonisation, with weak
    from the use of fossil fuels to power our network       net zero emissions from its own operations by              energy use                                                       and unreliable grid infrastructure driving continued
                                                                                                                       
    off-grid. We continued to roll out solar powered        2025. Measures put in place to achieve these                                                             2026     20252
                                                                                                                                                                                        reliance on diesel generators for remote and
    sites across our markets, using photovoltaic            milestones have presented significant benefits for                                                                          network-critical sites, compounded by regulatory,
    systems to generate renewable electricity               the business: for example, efforts to make                 Percentage of purchased grid                                     financial, and market constraints that delay the
    on-site. Additionally, we operationalised the first     Vodafone Germany’s network more energy-                    electricity used and matched with                                rollout of cleaner on-site energy alternatives. In
    ‘virtual wheeling’ project in South Africa using a      efficient have saved up to 280 gigawatt-hours              renewable sources (%)                        100         98      addition, we continue to prioritise the expansion of
    platform we developed in collaboration with a           (GWh) in the past four years alone. Vodafone               Total energy use (GWh)                     5,967     5,806       our network in Africa to support digital inclusion
    South African energy utility provider. The              Germany’s milestone was achieved by reducing                                                                               and connect rural communities. While this delivers
    platform enables independent power producers            its Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 93% since 2020              1. Correct to zero decimal places. Less than 0.2% of grid        significant social and economic benefits, such as
                                                                                                                          electricity used by Vodafone Group in FY26 is not matched
    to feed the renewable power they generate into          and neutralising the remaining emissions through              with renewable sources. This is because in a small number
                                                                                                                                                                                        improved access to essential services, it also
    the grid at scale, helping expand access to             investment in carbon dioxide removal projects.                of locations where we operate, there is no available          creates additional challenges for decarbonisation.
    clean energy. Finally, we trialled a low-cost           To advance towards our goal for the Group to be               renewable electricity purchasing mechanism and these          We are actively working to address the associated
    hybrid diesel generator control system in               net zero in our operations by 2030, we seek to
                                                                                                                          locations are not grid-connected to any markets where         technological, market, and supply-chain barriers
    Mozambique to reduce diesel use when there                                                                            such mechanisms are available.                                to enable a just transition to net zero, with growing
                                                            neutralise less than 10% of our emissions through          2. The percentage of our grid electricity matched with
    are grid outages by switching power supply to           carbon offsetting in line with the Integrity Council          renewable sources in FY25 has been restated to include
                                                                                                                                                                                        recognition that decoupling network expansion
    batteries, helping us reduce our reliance on            for the Voluntary Carbon Market’s Core Carbon                 Three UK, following the merger with Vodafone UK. Grid         from increasing emissions will depend on
    diesel generators whilst maintaining the                Principles. This year, we began procuring carbon              electricity consumed by Three UK was not fully matched        collaboration with industry partners, suppliers, and
    resilience of our network in the event of               removal credits to support Vodafone Germany in
                                                                                                                          with renewable sources in the FY25 reporting period.          wider societal actors.
                                                                                                                                                                                       
    outages.                                                achieving net zero, and have developed a short                 Read more about our approach to Streamlined Energy               Click here for our approach and challenges to
    We have also made progress in decarbonising             term strategy for the Group to procure high quality            and Carbon Reporting (‘SECR’) on page 58                         decarbonising Africa’s ICT sector:
    our fleet. Around one quarter of the vehicles           credits across our European markets. As part of                                                                                 vodacom.com/protecting-the-planet
                                                                                                                       We also maintained our commitment to match
    purchased and ordered in our fleet across               this strategy, we have planned to, where possible,         100% of the grid electricity purchased and used in               Looking forward
    Europe are now electric. The increase in                invest in projects that will generate benefits for         our global operations with electricity from                      We intend to further build on this year’s success in
    proportion of electric vehicles has been driven         local communities and help restore local                   renewable sources through power purchase                         order to progress against our net zero targets.
    by continued employee engagement and                    ecosystems in countries or regions where we                agreements and RECs.
    implementation of our company vehicle internal          operate.                                                                                                                    In European markets, where renewable grid
    policies.                                                                                                          In some markets (namely Mozambique, Lesotho,                     electricity is more easily accessible and electricity
                                                            Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions                                Tanzania, Romania and Albania), RECs or similar                  markets are more mature, we intend to continue
                                                            
    During the year, we continued to engage our                                               2026            2025     energy attribute tracking systems are not available              focusing on energy optimisation. Specifically, we
    employees regarding the commercial benefits of                                          million          million   for corporate buyers. This continues to limit the                seek to leverage the deployment of artificial
    transitioning to renewable energy and delivered                                    tonnes CO2e     tonnes CO2e     ability of corporates to signal market demand for                intelligence to optimise energy use and
    training to equip teams with the skills they need       Scope 1 and 2 (market-                                     renewable electricity. In the markets where we                   management. For example, we aim to further
    to implement our decarbonisation programmes.            based)                            0.26            0.30     face such constraints, we support renewable                      enhance the efficiency of our energy management
    In parallel, we developed advanced monitoring                                                                      purchasing in nearby grid-connected countries to                 through the introduction of intelligent automation
    tools to provide energy consumption insights in         Scope 1 and 2 (location-                                   support the energy transition in the wider region.
                                                            based)                            2.21            2.22                                                                      platforms, which we believe will enable intelligent
    real-time and support more effective energy                                                                        There is one location (North Cyprus) where we                    optimisation of energy consumption at scale.
    optimisation. Implementing these new tools has          During the year, we re-baselined our GHG                   operate where it is not feasible to match our
    supported our employees in gathering insights                                                                      electricity use with renewable sources, because                  In our African markets, where energy systems are
                                                            emissions following the merger between Three UK                                                                             still maturing, our priority focus remains phasing
    on where energy savings could be made, and              and Vodafone UK. This contributed to a 12%                 there is no energy attribute tracking system in
    where decarbonisation measures could be put                                                                        place and no grid connection to a market where                   out fossil fuels from our own operations and the
                                                            decrease in Scope 1 and 2 emissions between                                                                                 power grids that we use. We seek to do so by
    in place.                                               FY25 and FY26, due to Three UK not matching                such a mechanism exists. This location
                                                                                                                       constitutes less than 0.2% of our global grid                    growing partnerships, using energy as a service
    In addition to these milestones, our individual         grid electricity use with renewables until FY26.                                                                            model to deploy on-site renewable energy and
    markets have also continued their progress              This decrease was also driven by our Scope 1               electricity use.
                                                                                                                                                                                        eliminate the need for large upfront capital
    towards achieving the Group net zero target. In         and 2 climate transition initiatives, including            Whilst we have progressed in reducing market-                    investments in infrastructure.
    June 2025, our largest European market,                 further improvements in network energy efficiency          based Scope 2 emissions in Africa, we face
    Vodafone                                                and the rollout of on-site renewables.                     significant challenges in reducing Scope 1
                                                                                                                       emissions. Telcos operating in Africa face

    
    30       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                    Strategic report                        Governance                                Financials                           Other information


         Protecting the Planet continued



         Scope 3 GHG emissions                                4. We communicate with our customers to                  the environmental impact of product use, and by            and methodological updates, which may not reflect
         As a service provider, 96% of our emissions are      encourage them to choose lower-carbon and more           integrating sustainable features in our product            real-world emissions in the short term. We are
         generated as an indirect result of the Company’s     energy efficient devices, and to use them in ways        designs. This year, we launched a programme                working to bridge the gap between Scope 3
         activities or business model (referred to as         that reduce emissions during the use phase.              within Vodafone Business to calculate the carbon           reduction actions and data through industry
         ‘Scope 3’). The majority of our Scope 3              5. We aim to reduce the emissions from the use of        footprint of our top enterprise solutions and              collaboration and supplier engagement in order to
         emissions originate from the production of goods     the devices we sell through initiatives to extend the    engaged our Product Management community to                accelerate the reduction in our reported Scope 3
         and services that we buy, the use of our             lifetime of our devices, design lower carbon             explore key themes within sustainability.                  emissions towards our near- and long-term
         products or services by our customers and the        devices and engage with original equipment               We actively engaged our investment companies to            targets.
         activities we finance through our investments.       manufacturers to encourage them to adopt circular        share best practices and support the development           Looking forward
         We monitor our Scope 3 emissions in                  design principles. These initiatives support our         and implementation of effective emission reduction         Our strategy to reduce Scope 3 emissions will
         comparison to our target emission reduction          device circularity programmes.                           plans. This year, our engagements have helped us           centre on engaging strategic suppliers to advance
                                                              
         trajectory, which aligns to our long-term ambition       Read more about our approach to device equipment
                                                                                                                       understand their pathway towards                           emission reductions. We seek to develop specific
         to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 90%              e-waste and circularity on page 32                   decarbonisation: currently three out of four of the        carbon reduction plans for select procurement
         and reach net zero across our value chain by                                                                  network operators and tower companies that we              categories, and integrate these into procurement
                                                                  Click to read our climate transition plan:           invest in have set net zero targets and have a plan        strategies where emission reductions are most
         2040. As an interim milestone, our trajectory            vodafone.com/ctp
         includes a 50% reduction target in Scope 3                                                                    in place to achieve their ambitions. We seek to            needed. We will also involve more suppliers to set
         emissions by 2030.                                   This year                                                support them in achieving these where possible.            and deliver credible carbon reduction targets. We
                                                              We scaled our supplier engagement programme              Scope 3 GHG emissions                                      aim to conduct targeted outreach, capacity-
         Working with our value chain partners to reduce      by introducing a new tool to assess and drive the                                                                   building initiatives, and closer collaboration to
                                                                                                                       
         emissions helps make them more prepared for a        maturity of our suppliers’ environmental                                                   2026           2025      ensure suppliers are equipped to measure, report,
         low-carbon future, which in turn leads to a more     programmes. We have already onboarded 60% of
                                                                                                                                                       million         million
                                                                                                                                                                                  and improve their emissions performance.
         resilient value chain. Securing more sustainable                                                                                         tonnes CO2e    tonnes CO2e
                                                              strategic suppliers and are now able to suggest                                                                     We seek to strengthen our use of carbon data
         products, services and partnerships with a lower     and track specific actions to accelerate reductions      Total Scope 3 (upstream)          4.17           3.97
         environmental impact positions us to keep pace                                                                                                                           analytics to gain deeper insights into Scope 3 and
                                                              in their net zero emissions, contributing to the         Total Scope 3                                              supply chain emissions. This will inform how we
         with the expectations of our customers in            overall reduction of emissions in our supply chain.
         relation to ESG performance.                                                                                  (downstream)                      1.94           2.88      prioritise our actions to deliver the greatest
                                                              This progress was reinforced through introducing                                                                    emission reductions. We will also set stretch
                                                              environmental standard terms in supplier contracts       Total Scope 3                     6.11           6.85
         Strategy                                                                                                                                                                 targets for employees managing the procurement
         We seek to reduce our Scope 3 emissions              and ongoing supplier engagements.                        In FY26, our Scope 3 GHG emissions decreased               of different categories of products we buy to
         through five priority areas of action:               We continued to collaborate with our peers to            by 11% compared to the previous year. This                 continue onboarding the remaining strategic
         1. We are working to improve the availability,       reduce supply chain emissions in our sector.             represents an 18% decrease compared to our                 suppliers to our programme. By empowering our
         accessibility and consistency of our Scope 3         Through industry initiatives such as the Joint           FY20 baseline year, primarily driven by a reduction        employees with actionable data and best
         data and to leverage supplier and product data       Alliance for Corporate Social Responsibility             of equity stake in our investments, such as in             practices, we can progress towards our aim to
         as levers for value chain carbon reduction.          (‘JAC’), we supported 46 suppliers in                    India.                                                     integrate emissions reduction into procurement
                                                              decarbonising their activities by identifying priority   While we have made progress in establishing the            decision-making and transform towards a more
         2. We work with our strategic suppliers to align
                                                              actions for emission reduction, validating reduction     foundations to reduce Scope 3 emissions across             sustainable supply chain.
         their climate ambitions with ours and accelerate                                                                                                                         
         the implementation of their decarbonisation          pathways, and tracking progress against their            our value chain, reported emissions are not yet                Read more about Responsible Supply Chain on page 48.
         plans. We also consider supplier climate             decarbonisation plans. Likewise, through our             tracking in line with our target trajectory towards
         ambitions, plans and performance during the          procurement partnership with Telenor, we have            interim and long-term Scope 3 reduction targets.           Strengthening partnerships with our suppliers
         procurement and supplier selection process, and      jointly strengthened our approach to supplier            This reflects the fact that our Scope 3 emissions          builds a more resilient, adaptive supply chain and
         include carbon reduction clauses into our            environmental criteria during both selection and         reduction depends on decarbonisation actions by            ensures long-term business continuity. At the same
         supplier contracts.                                  contractual processes to accelerate the                  suppliers, customers and investee companies. Our           time, securing sustainable goods and services
                                                              development of their environmental programmes.           influence over these third-parties is limited and          positions us to meet rising demand for sustainable
         3. We support the companies we invest in to                                                                   they face their own external constraints to                products and keep our portfolio aligned with future
                                                              We continued to reduce our downstream GHG
         develop, implement and, if possible, accelerate                                                               decarbonising their operations and the products            market expectations.
                                                              emissions through our efforts to drive awareness
         the decarbonisation of their networks and                                                                     they sell to us. In addition, Scope 3 emissions are
                                                              among consumers and enterprise customers of
         operations.                                                                                                  modelled rather than directly measured and
                                                                                                                       remain sensitive to changes in emissions factors

         
                Strategic report                                   Governance                                Financials                       Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             31


    Protecting the Planet continued

                                                                     Network equipment e-waste and circularity               This information is currently reported on a                 contributed to this increase include the
                                                                     Enhancements in our network can lead to                 consistent basis only by our recycling partners in          dismantling of decommissioned mobile base
                                                                     decommissioned equipment, which contribute to           the UK and South Africa. In those markets, the              stations in Türkiye, an increase in returned
                                                                     pollution if improperly disposed of.                    data indicates that 94% and 80% respectively of             equipment associated with network expansion
                                                                     Strategy                                                the materials sent for recycling are ultimately             activities in South Africa, the upgrade of network
                                                                     Our approach prioritises reuse and resale               processed to recover materials.                             equipment from 4G to 5G in Egypt and the
                                                                     wherever technically and commercially feasible,         In the absence of globally consistent downstream            replacement of lead acid batteries with lithium-ion
                                                                     extending asset lifecycles before materials enter       data, we measure the proportion of                          batteries across several of our markets.
                                                                     end-of-life treatment, for which we have an annual      decommissioned electrical and electronic network            Our policy is to avoid sending e-waste
                                                                     target per market. Equipment that cannot be             equipment that is reused, resold or sent to                 (non-hazardous or hazardous) from our network
                                                                     reused is systematically directed to certified          recyclers. Equipment sent for recycling is                  equipment directly to landfill or incineration. At the
                                                                     recycling streams, with a strong focus on avoiding      measured by weight at the point at which the                end of its useful life, electronic and electrical
                                                                     landfill and incineration. Our network equipment        e-waste leaves our possession.                              equipment decommissioned from our network is
                                                                     circularity strategy comprises three priority areas     In November 2025, we launched a pan-European                sent to responsible and authorised recycling
                                                                     of action:                                              recycling tender to select an e-waste recycling             partners. We are aware that sending network
                                                                     1. We aim to engage with suppliers who share our        partner that could support our ambition to                  equipment e-waste to third party recycling
                                                                     ambition of building a more circular economy for        minimise waste sent to landfill and incineration by         partners does not guarantee that all materials are
                                                                     network equipment. We plan to increasingly              maximising the recovery of materials in the                 recovered during the e-waste recycling process.
                                                                     source equipment with circular design features          e-waste recycling processes. This tender                    Looking forward
                                                                     when replacing or upgrading our network                 leverages our international procurement footprint           We will maintain our policy not to send network
                                                                     infrastructure.                                         to encourage potential suppliers to find and                equipment e-waste directly to landfill or
                                                                     2. Where possible, we reuse or resell network           deploy new technologies that can help us meet               incineration. Improving transparency and data
                                                                     equipment that we have decommissioned from              our ambitions, and provide us with transparent              availability about the downstream treatment of our
                                                                     our network. We seek to manage our network              data to support reporting of the final treatment of         electronic waste across our markets is a priority
                                                                     assets smartly and minimise the requirement to          materials from our e-waste.                                 as we currently have limited visibility of the
                                                                     buy new equipment, by extending the life of each        We continued to leverage our management                     recycling processes undertaken by our recycling
                                                                     asset and optimising opportunities for its reuse.       systems and processes to redeploy                           partners. Requirements for data transparency
                                                                                                                             decommissioned equipment to other parts of our              have been included in our tender for a European
                                                                     3. Where reuse or resale of decommissioned                                                                          e-waste recycling partner, which we aim to
                                                                    network equipment is not possible, we establish         network where feasible, helping reduce e-waste
                                                                                                                             and generate cost savings. For example, we                  complete within the next year. Improving data
                                                                     operational processes to avoid network e-waste                                                                      transparency will enable us to work more
        7,743                                                        being sent directly to landfill or incineration and
                                                                     aim to partner with recyclers that maximise the
                                                                                                                             utilise asset marketplace platforms hosted by a
                                                                                                                             third-party partner.                                        effectively with our recycling partners to measure,
                                                                                                                                                                                         monitor and, over time, improve material recovery
        network equipment e-waste                                    recovery of materials from e-waste.                     Decommissioned electronic and electrical network
        (metric tonnes)                                                                                                                                                                  rates and reduce the amount of network
                                                                     This year                                               equipment reused, resold or sent to recyclers1              equipment waste this is ultimately disposed to
                                                                                                                             

                                                                     We have undertaken a comprehensive review of                                                  2026     2025         landfill or incineration. In the long term, we also
                                                                     our network equipment recycling processes to            Total network equipment e-waste                             aim to scale these initiatives in Africa.
                                                                     improve the quality, consistency and coverage of        (metric tonnes)                      7,743   6,686          We will continue to scale network equipment
    Notes:
                                                                     the data we receive from our recycling partners. At                                                                 reuse and repair initiatives, leveraging our new
    1. Includes hazardous waste from network equipment
                                                                     present, data on the proportion of network              Reused2 (%)                              1        2
       e-waste, and hazardous waste now includes batteries.                                                                                                                              EU logistics hub as a future engine for circularity
       Prior year figures have been restated.                        equipment e-waste that is ultimately recycled (as       Sent to recyclers3 (%)                  99      98          to improve how returned equipment is assessed
    2. Includes network equipment resold between markets             opposed to disposed of, to landfill or incineration),                                                               and redirected for re-use in a more consistent and
       where we operate, or to external third parties, for reuse                                                             The total volume of network equipment e-waste
                                                                     and on the level of material recovery achieved                                                                      efficient way. We will also continue to engage our
       for the same purpose.                                                                                                 increased in FY26 compared to FY25 to 7,743
                                                                     during recycling, is not consistently available                                                                     suppliers on circular design of network equipment
    3. Includes network equipment sent to third-party waste                                                                  metric tonnes. This increase was mainly due to
       management partners authorised to recycle.                    across all our markets.                                                                                             and develop training for our buying teams to
                                                                                                                             more network equipment being decommissioned
                                                                                                                             from our network and sent to recyclers. Projects            increase consideration of e-waste impacts at
                                                                                                                             that                                                        procurement stage.

    
    32       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                       Governance                                Financials                       Other information


         Protecting the Planet continued



                                                            Device equipment e-waste and circularity               trade-in models in Portugal with leading partners to    Since 2022, we have partnered with the World
                                                            We retail smartphones, other mobile devices and        improve customer experience and encourage them          Wide Fund for Nature (‘WWF’) to collect 1 million
                                                            Customer Premise Equipment (‘CPE’) devices,            to choose refurbished phones. Additionally, we          used mobile phone devices for reuse, recycling or
                                                            such as broadband routers and TV set-top boxes,        scaled our repair and insurance services, which         donation. We are proud to announce that we have
                                                            to consumers and enterprise customers. The             support customers in keeping their devices for          now successfully reached 1 million collected
                                                            production of these electronic devices requires the    longer. We also introduced flexible financing           devices.
                                                            extraction and use of natural resources, such as       options, making it easier for customers to access
                                                                                                                   insurance and repair their devices in the event of      We also leveraged our partnership with WWF to
                                                            tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold. Improper disposal
                                                                                                                   damage.                                                 put in place environmental initiatives across our
                                                            of these devices can contribute to pollution.
                                                                                                                                                                           markets. We implemented ‘zero waste’ stores in
                                                            Strategy                                               We raised awareness of our circularity                  Greece, advanced research on consumer attitudes
                                                            Our approach to device circularity comprises six       commitments among our customers. We launched            to device circularity in UK and Germany and
                                                            priority areas of action:                              our global campaign ‘We Need the Phones you             trialled nature-tech solutions in South Africa to
                                                                                                                   Don’t’ to encourage customers to trade in their         protect local biodiversity.
                                                            1. We encourage consumers to extend the lifetime       devices, and raised awareness among enterprise
                                                            of their mobile device by trading it in to be          customers by hosting a series of roundtables on         Looking forward
                                                            refurbished and resold.                                sustainability topics in partnership with the           We aim to continue scaling our trade-in,
                                                                                                                   Economist. We also published a report to provide        refurbishment and insurance programmes. We will
                                                            2. Consumers and enterprise customers are                                                                      develop our second-life product offering to help
                                                                                                                   robust consumer insights highlighting growing
                                                            encouraged to purchase second-hand mobile and                                                                  reduce e-waste and support customer retention.
                                                                                                                   demand for refurbished devices and uncovering
                                                            CPE devices.                                                                                                   We also aim to further integrate device care into
                                                                                                                   the motivations and barriers that shape behaviour
                                                                                                                   towards refurbished devices.                            our customer proposition, including enhanced
                                                            3. We empower customers to repair their devices
                                                                                                                                                                           repair services, encouraging customers to keep
                                                            instead of replacing them when faced with damage
                                                                                                                   We continued to offer products and services to our      their devices for longer while generating
                                                            or technical issues through our after-sales services
                                                                                                                   customers to promote circularity. For example, our      incremental sales. We will continue embedding
                                                            and our insurance programme.
                                                                                                                   end-to-end Device Lifecycle Management (‘DLM’)          circularity into the lifecycle management of our
                                                            4. Customer financing options are offered, which       service for business customers embeds circularity       branded products to minimise environmental
                                                            encourage them to keep their mobile devices for        into its core commercial model to simplify device       impact, optimise resource use and deliver
                                                            longer, thus helping to extend the device lifecycle.   estates, while delivering measurable                    sustainable commercial growth.
                                                                                                                   environmental and social impact at scale. In 2025,
                                                           5. We continue to integrate environmental criteria     we were able to redeploy over 99% of devices
                                                            into the product design and development process        returned from the DLM leasing programme. This
             1 million                                      for our own CPE and TV set-top box devices             contributed to carbon reduction, waste avoidance,
                                                                                                                   and the advancement of a closed loop economy,
             used mobile phone devices                      6. We encourage customers to return end-of-life
                                                                                                                   underscoring our ambition to set the global
             collected for reuse, recycling                 mobile and CPE devices, so that they can be
                                                                                                                   benchmark for sustainable and scalable device
             or donation in partnership                     responsibly recycled.
                                                                                                                   ecosystems for businesses. We also continued to
             with WWF since 2022
                                                            This year                                              leverage the TÜV Rheinland Green Product Mark
                                                            We focused on developing our services to help          to encourage customers to purchase sustainable




         
                                                            customers keep their devices in use for longer or      Vodafone branded devices.
                                                            recycle them. We expanded our trade-in and
                                                                                                                   We actively engaged in several industry-wide
                                                            second-life propositions across our markets. For
                                                                                                                   initiatives to accelerate the industry’s
                                                            example, we partnered with Recommerce in
                                                                                                                   transformation towards circularity. We worked with
                                                            Germany to offer our customers the possibility to
                                                                                                                   the Global System for Mobile Communications
                                                            purchase refurbished devices, enabling them to
                                                                                                                   Association (‘GSMA’) and EU operators to develop
                                                            participate in the circular economy. To drive the
                                                                                                                   an approach to standardise labelling for
                                                            growth of this programme, we are also testing new
                                                                                                                   refurbished smartphones. These collaborations
                                                                                                                   demonstrate our commitment to driving industry-
         Note:
         1. GSMA, 2023.
                                                                                                                   wide progress on circularity and carbon reduction.

         
                Strategic report    Governance                               Financials                       Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             33



    Empowering People
    
                                      Network coverage                                       4G broadband expansion remains a priority in               Vodacom has signed multi-market infrastructure
                                      Strategy                                               Africa as we seek to increase rural population             sharing agreements in Mozambique, Tanzania,
                                      Our network coverage strategy is centred on            coverage through innovative and cost-effective             and the Democratic Republic of Congo (‘DRC’),
                                      making a tangible impact by continually expanding      means while preparing for future 5G expansion.             focusing on sharing fibre networks and tower
                                      coverage, deploying fibre infrastructure, and                                                                     infrastructure to accelerate 4G rollouts, reduce
                                                                                             This year
                                      adopting next generation technologies to foster                                                                   capital expenditure, and improve speed to market.
                                                                                             In Europe, we have expanded 5G coverage and
                                      inclusive growth and bridge the digital divide. This   densified our networks while increasing 5G                 As part of the International Telecommunications
                                      approach is guided by three core principles: scale,    Standalone capabilities. Our VodafoneThree                 Union (‘ITU’) Partner2Connect digital coalition, we
                                      standardisation and innovation.                        merger marks a significant step in accelerating 5G         pledged to increase 4G coverage to an additional
                                      We use our reach to deliver cost-efficient rollouts,   rollout with many of our UK customers able to              70 million people in sub-Saharan Africa,
                                      prioritising investments that maximise coverage        access the best coverage available by roaming on           particularly in our developing markets such as
                                      and capacity to directly benefit customers. We         each other’s network, now enabled across over              Mozambique, Tanzania, and the DRC. 4G
                                      apply a ‘design once, deploy many’ approach for        10,000 radio sites, removing over 16,500 sq/km             coverage in the region now reaches 78% of the
                                      network standards and common platforms that            UK ‘not-spots’.                                            population following deployment of 2,000 new
                                      reduce complexity, accelerate delivery and             In Germany, we are helping to remove ‘white                sites this year. Elsewhere, we have extended our
                                      optimise operational costs. This enables faster        spots’, areas with no mobile network coverage,             5G footprint with launches in Egypt during June
                                      adoption of new technologies and simplifies            through passive sharing with other operators. In           2025 and Türkiye on 01 April 2026, following
                                      integration across markets.                            markets such as Romania, RAN sharing including             successful spectrum auctions.
                                      We are partnering with AST SpaceMobile to              Open RAN pilots are extending 4G/5G into                   Network deployment
                                                                                                                                                        
                                      enable D2D satellite connectivity for secure and       hard-to-reach areas. These multi-market initiatives                                          Sites
                                      resilient digital communications in any location at    demonstrate how policy and partnership are                                               deployed      Population
                                      any time. We are also a pioneer of Open Radio          driving universal access.                                                                  (000s)    coverage (%)
                                      Access Network (‘RAN’) technology, creating            Our 5G footprint in Europe increased by 11,000             4G (outdoor 1Mbps)
                                      flexible vendor neutral networks that enhance          sites in FY26, including the additional sites from         Africa                        37,820              78
                                      resilience and reduce dependency on single             the VodafoneThree merger, expanding population
                                      suppliers. In addition, our automation and             coverage to 78%. We have also extended fixed               Türkiye                       28,544              97
                                      AI-driven optimisation tools are improving network     broadband to deliver high-speed, reliable                  5G (outdoor 3Mbps)
                                      coverage performance.                                  connectivity for homes and businesses. Through             Europe                        47,547              78
                                     Our focus in Europe is to expand coverage of           strategic investments in the latest technologies
                                                                                             such as our OXG joint venture in Germany and               Looking forward
        78%                           high-performance network technologies, such as
                                      5G and fibre, while increasing existing capacity to    wholesale partnerships, our Gigabit-capable
                                                                                                                                                        We will continue growing 5G networks in Europe
        4G population coverage        support future data growth.                            broadband now reaches 66 million European
                                                                                             homes, an increase of 6 million in FY26. Today,            and evolving towards the latest 5G Standalone/
        (outdoor 1Mbps) in Africa     We are also increasing high-speed connectivity                                                                    Advanced capabilities in line with our ‘5G Built
                                                                                             we offer the largest Gigabit fixed broadband
                                      throughout Africa to support inclusive growth. We                                                                 Right’ strategy. We will also continue enhancing
        78%                           are leveraging cost-efficient infrastructure sharing
                                      and innovative deployment models to deliver
                                                                                             networks in both our German and UK markets.
                                                                                             In Africa, we are partnering and investing in
                                                                                                                                                        customer experience by delivering reliable, multi-
                                                                                                                                                        gigabit ready fixed broadband networks,
        5G population coverage                                                               mobile broadband to connect rural communities
                                      reliable coverage in both urban centres and deep                                                                  leveraging the latest fibre technologies. We will
        (outdoor 3Mbps) in Europe                                                            and support economic development. To overcome
                                      rural areas.                                                                                                      extend our 4G presence in Africa in deep rural
                                                                                             high deployment costs in remote regions,                   areas by maximising infrastructure sharing and
                                                                                                                                                        continued modernisation of the network while
                                                                                                                                                        advancing 5G rollouts and phasing out legacy
                                                                                                                                                        technologies.

    Note:
    1. ITU, 2025.

    
    34       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             Strategic report                       Governance                                 Financials                         Other information


         Empowering People continued



                                                            Affordability and accessibility                       Strategy                                                 We are committed to supporting affordable internet
                                                            Affordable connectivity is a cornerstone of digital   Our aim is to address digital inequality across our      access for lower-income customers in all our
                                                            inclusion. When people can access reliable mobile     European footprint by ensuring that all segments         European markets. We conduct annual audits
                                                            services, data, and devices at a cost they can        of society, including those on lower-incomes, can        across our European footprint to review the
                                                            reasonably afford, they are better equipped to        get-and stay-connected.                                  availability of affordable tariffs. These checks help
                                                            participate in the modern economy – studying                                                                   ensure tariff offerings continue to meet data and
                                                                                                                  Across all our European markets, we aim to offer         income thresholds over time.
                                                            online, working remotely, accessing public
                                                                                                                  more affordable mobile connectivity plans, either
                                                            services, starting and growing businesses, and
                                                                                                                  through targeted social tariffs (which are means-        In addition, we are committed to ensuring
                                                            staying in touch with communities and support
                                                                                                                  tested or linked to government support) or lower-        continued alignment across our European footprint
                                                            networks.
                                                                                                                  cost plans (commercial tariffs available to all          through annual audits. These checks help ensure
                                                            Across both Europe and Africa, affordability          customers) to meet customer needs. For example,          tariff offerings continue to meet data and income
                                                            challenges persist, though the barriers differ by     in both the Czech Republic and the UK, we offer          thresholds over time.
                                                            context. In Europe, rising living costs and energy    social tariffs that enable customers receiving
                                                                                                                  government financial support to access discounted        Affordable tariffs in Europe
                                                            prices continue to strain household budgets,                                                                   
                                                            increasing pressure on ongoing connectivity           and flexible fixed and mobile plans.                                                               2026   2025
                                                            expenses. In Africa, affordability challenges are                                                              European markets that have an
                                                                                                                  Following a review of our European markets –
                                                            often compounded by the high relative cost of                                                                  affordable tariff in place                 7/8   5/8
                                                                                                                  combining external research with input from
                                                            basic smartphones and data, creating a higher
                                                                                                                  commercial market leads – we established a
                                                            threshold to get connected in the first place.                                                                 Looking forward
                                                                                                                  minimum standard for affordable mobile data
                                                            Our approach recognises these different realities.    access. This standard is based on a minimum data         We will prioritise ensuring the availability of
                                                            In Europe, the focus is on affordable mobile plans    allowance of 6GB per month, priced at less than          affordable mobile plans across our European
                                                            that help lower the cost of staying connected for     2% of the average income of the bottom 40% of            markets, providing tariffs that continue to meet the
                                                            marginalised groups. In Africa, we combine            the population in each market. This aligns with          minimum data requirements and remain
                                                            smartphone accessibility (getting people online)      international benchmarks, including World Bank           accessible relative to local income levels. As more
                                                            with affordable data offers and zero-rated access     data and the UN ITU’s Aspirational Targets. Our          daily activities digitalise, we will also review our
                                                            to essential services (staying online). Together,     aim is that all of our European markets meet this        minimum standard so that it continues to align with
                                                            these interventions support broader digital           standard, creating a consistent approach to              evolving customer data needs and ensure we are
                                                            inclusion and unlock positive social and economic     supporting customers on a lower income.                  able to support their full participation in Europe’s
                                                           outcomes for impacted groups.
                                                                                                                  This year
                                                                                                                                                                           digital economy.

             65%                                            Affordable Tariffs in Europe
                                                            Affordability remains a barrier to digital
                                                                                                                  We made strong progress in meeting our ambition
                                                                                                                  to offer affordable tariffs across our European
             smartphone penetration                         participation across Europe. In FY26, despite         footprint. As at 31 March 2026 seven of our eight
             across our African markets                     continued progress, around 6% of EU residents         European markets met our definition of an
                                                            (aged 16–74) did not access the internet              affordable tariff.
             7/8                                            regularly2. This group faces a heightened risk of
                                                            digital exclusion, potentially limiting access to
             of our European markets                        remote work, online learning and essential digital
             offer an affordable tariff                     services.




         Notes:
         1. GSMA, 2025.
         2. Eurostat, 2025.

         
              Strategic report                        Governance                              Financials                        Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           35


    Empowering People continued



    Smartphone penetration in Africa                    This year                                             Data Democratisation in Africa                               This year
    The cost of smartphones remain a key barrier        In support of driving smartphone ownership,           For many of our lowest income customers, the                 ConnectU has expanded into three additional
    for people to get connected. Smartphone             Vodacom continued to offer contracts of extended      cost of data is a barrier to accessing the internet.         markets and is now live in five markets (South
    ownership is lowest in emerging markets.            duration (36 months) to make devices more             This is apparent in Africa which has the least               Africa, Mozambique, Lesotho, DRC and
                                                        affordable by spreading costs over a longer           affordable data in relation to income.                       Tanzania.)
    Access to 4G smartphones and smart feature          period. Together, our actions to drive smartphone
    phones can provide customers with the               penetration contributed an additional 10 million      Strategy                                                     Through J4U, we succeeded in holding strong
    necessary technology to connect to the digital      smartphones during the year.                          We are focused on reducing the costs of data to              positions across South Africa, Tanzania, Lesotho
    world, offering the opportunity for digital                                                               better support our customers, particularly for low           and Egypt and met our FY26 revenue and
    inclusion.                                          We met our overall Vodacom Group target and           income groups. In order to make data accessible              penetration goals. In the DRC and Mozambique,
                                                        have had a particularly strong focus on driving       for marginalised groups and more affordable by               we undertook a considerable amount of
    Given that smartphones are increasingly the         smartphone uptake in rural areas. Furthermore,        offering value for money propositions based on               groundwork (which includes network optimisation,
    main gateway to digital services, and that they     we have now launched pre-paid device financing        consumer usage and spend, we have two key                    pricing corrections and skills updates) to scale up
    remain inaccessible to a large portion of the       in all our African markets, which is a strategic      initiatives – ConnectU and Just4You (‘J4U’).                 customer adoption of J4U bundles.
    population (entry-level smartphones in sub-         imperative for driving growth in smartphone
    Saharan Africa cost 99% of the average              adoption across our markets.                          Our vision for ConnectU is to close the digital              We have achieved our targets in the DRC,
    monthly income for the poorest 20%1), we                                                                  divide and empower customers by democratising                however further progress is required to meet our
    recognise the urgent need to make                   We have successfully leveraged our scale to           access to relevant information through a                     targets in Mozambique.
    smartphones more accessible. During the year,       secure Group deals, sourcing over 3.1 million         zero-rated platform. ConnectU provides free
                                                        entry-level 4G devices by year end. Through                                                                        Data democratisation in Africa
    approximately 65% of Vodacom Group’s                                                                      access to essential services and resources                   
    customers have access to a smartphone.              partnerships with second-tier OEMs and local          including education, health services and social                                                       2026   2025
                                                        assembly initiatives in Egypt and South Africa, we    networks.
    Strategy                                            introduced affordable models ranging from $20 to                                                                   Just4You penetration (%)                 39       45
    We seek to make 4G smartphones more                 $42, tailored with features like WhatsApp,            J4U makes product recommendations that are                   Just4You revenue contribution (%)         35      37
    accessible through several key interventions to     Facebook, YouTube, and long-lasting batteries.        based on consumer behaviours and preferences                 ConnectU users (millions)                4.2     3.8
    reach Vodacom’s Vision 2030 strategy target of                                                            to help to lower their costs. The propositions are
    reaching above 75% smartphone penetration           We’ve made strong headway in expanding our            personalised at a customer and geographic                    Looking forward
    across our markets.                                 Open Market footprint to extend our reach, with       level. For example, we identify J4U Towns using              We plan to accelerate the development of
                                                        active rollouts across markets.                       census data to identify towns with low- to middle-           content for our ConnectU platform across
    Low-cost sourcing enables us to deliver                                                                   income populations. Populations of J4U Towns                 education, health, women empowerment, careers,
    affordable 4G entry smartphones through             Smartphone penetration in Africa                                                                                   and other high impact categories, while
                                                        
                                                                                                              are offered customised lower-cost voice and data
    partnerships with second-tier Original                                                                    packages. We offer these solutions at a fair price           simultaneously modernising the platform’s user
                                                                                                2026   2025
    Equipment Manufacturers (‘OEMs’), while                                                      (%)    (%)   point in line with local price floor regulations,            experience and user interface to deliver a
    reducing costs via localised production and                                                               which protect both the consumer and the sector.              seamless, intuitive navigation experience that
    tailored device customisation. The Open Market      Smartphone penetration                   65     62
                                                                                                              These allow for investment to ensure the                     enhances user engagement and improves overall
    investment leverages distribution channels          Looking forward                                       sustainability of the network infrastructure.                accessibility. Through J4U, we are focusing on
    beyond operator-driven sales to capture new         In line with Vision 2030, we will continue to                                                                      maintaining the level of maturity and growing our
    customer segments. We are also pioneering           increase smartphone penetration and our                                                                            stronghold across most markets. However, we will
    new financing options, including prepaid            smartphone base. We will have a strong focus on                                                                    continue to find ways to increase our reach in the
    handset financing.                                  building partnerships with third parties to scale                                                                  DRC and Mozambique. In addition to these
                                                        device financing, and we will continue to pursue                                                                   initiatives we are working to improve simplicity
                                                        opportunities for low-cost sourcing and local                                                                      and transparency with competitive headline price
                                                        assembly, as well as, investing in Open Market.                                                                    points.
                                                        These initiatives are designed to sustain growth
                                                        and broaden market impact.

    Notes:
    1. GSMA, 2024.

    
    36       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                          Governance                                    Financials                            Other information


         Empowering People continued



                                                            Financial Inclusion                                    As our strategy progresses, we are seeking to                  We continued to empower SMEs in our markets
                                                            Financial inclusion is essential to support the        unlock economic growth across our markets by                   through our financial products, which include
                                                            reduction of extreme poverty and delivers              continuing to expand our financial products beyond             insurance, invoice financing, lending, global
                                                            significant social benefits and economic               basic transactions. This includes fostering a                  payment partnerships and digital marketplaces.
                                                            opportunities, with digital technology playing a key   savings culture for customers and enabling access              At the end of FY26, the number of financial
                                                            role in providing access to safe and secure            to capital markets as well as other services for               inclusion customers increased to 92 million
                                                            financial services.                                    SMEs to thrive. Solutions such as Tanzania’s                   customers across our eight markets and the
                                                                                                                   wealth management product, M-Wekeza, provide                   number of active merchants increased to
                                                            In our African markets, our financial inclusion        customers with access to investment opportunities              1.8 million (up 19% and 46% respectively).
                                                            solutions create opportunities for individuals,        in the financial markets through a partner fund
                                                            collectives, and enterprises to actively participate                                                                  M-Pesa merchants and agents
                                                                                                                   manager. M-Wekeza offers a savings account and                 
                                                            in the economy via access to financial products        personal investment platform, with features that                                                            2026       2025
                                                            and services, available through multiple channels.     differentiate it with comparable products. For
                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (million)   (million)
                                                            Services include money transfers, bill payments,       example, it accepts the lowest minimum                         M-Pesa merchants1                             1.8         1.2
                                                            and e-commerce, amongst others. In partnership         investment in the market, which starts at just
                                                            with licensed financial institutions, customers can                                                                   M-Pesa agents2                                0.8         0.7
                                                                                                                   TZS 1,000.
                                                            also access savings, investments, lending, and                                                                        Notes:
                                                            insurance.                                             Short-term digital lending solutions for individual            1. M-Pesa merchants are registered businesses or
                                                            We have built an extensive and diverse financial       customers and small businesses enable seamless                    individuals that accept customer payments via M-Pesa for
                                                            services business, developing products that cut        completion of transactions and provide SMEs with                  goods or services.
                                                                                                                   convenient access to essential working capital. All            2. M-Pesa agents are authorised intermediaries that provide
                                                            across consumer segments and geographies and                                                                             cash-in and cash-out services.
                                                            unlock strategic opportunities with our key            these facilities are aimed at empowering our
                                                            partners. Our financial services diversify and         customers by easing their short-term financial                 Looking forward
                                                            enhance our growth and returns profile.                challenges.                                                    Vodacom will continue to expand financial
                                                            We differentiate ourselves by leveraging global        This year                                                      inclusion products for customers across all
                                                            technology partnerships and our centres of             Vodacom’s financial inclusion platforms continued              markets, as we work towards our target of
                                                            excellence to deliver attractive returns for our       to scale, accelerating access to digital financial             100 million financial inclusion customers by 2028.
                                                            shareholders while creating exciting propositions      services. We connected 92 million customers by
                                                            for our customers.                                     31 March 2026.
                                                           Strategy                                               Financial inclusion customers
                                                            Our financial inclusion strategy draws on a dual-      

             92.1 million                                   sided ecosystem, bringing consumers and
                                                            merchants together, allowing our merchants to
                                                                                                                                            Financial
                                                                                                                                            inclusion       % of          % of
                                                                                                                                           customers      service   penetration
             financial inclusion customers,
                                                            expand their addressable markets while creating                                  (million)   revenue          base
             including Safaricom
                                                            value for the customer.                                South Africa                  4.5           –            –
                                                            Consumers and merchants are provided with
             1.8 million                                    personalised propositions driven by Big Data
                                                                                                                   Tanzania
                                                                                                                   Egypt
                                                                                                                                                14.1
                                                                                                                                                14.7
                                                                                                                                                             40
                                                                                                                                                              9
                                                                                                                                                                           63
                                                                                                                                                                           34
             M-Pesa merchants reached                       insights. Our super-apps – VodaPay, Vodafone
                                                            Cash and M-Pesa – combine our strengths in             Mozambique                    6.4         26            75
                                                            financial, digital and telecommunications services,    Democratic Republic
                                                            and integrate different products and services from     of the Congo                  7.9         23            56
                                                            our partners.                                          Lesotho                       0.9         22            62
                                                                                                                   Vodafone Group               48.4          –             –
                                                                                                                   Safaricom (Kenya and
                                                                                                                   Ethiopia)                    43.7         44            86

         Notes:
         
         1. World Bank, 2025.
         
                Strategic report                                 Governance                             Financials                       Other information                           Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         37


    Empowering People continued


                                                                   Digitalising SMEs and Public Sector                  In Africa, Vodacom implements localised SME                        understanding of public sector sovereign needs
                                                                   SMEs play an essential role in driving               value propositions offering bundled services                       across our European and African footprint.
                                                                   economic growth, innovation and employment.          (connectivity, financial services and digital                      Strategy
                                                                   In Europe, SMEs represent more than 99% of           services) along with onboarding,                                   Our strategy for the public sector focuses on
                                                                   all businesses4, contributing €5.4 trillion          implementation and after-sales support. These                      enabling governments to modernise digital
                                                                   annually to the EU economy, with micro-              propositions address the specific needs of                         services in a way that is secure, scalable, and
                                                                   enterprises generating approximately €1.8            underserved SMEs in the market, positioning                        fit for the future. This includes providing secure
                                                                   trillion of this value5. In Africa, SMEs are a       Vodacom as an ICT partner of choice. Our                           core connectivity, built to meet public sector
                                                                   large and growing business customer segment,         strategy is based on research with SMEs and                        standards and offering sovereign services,
                                                                   with significant potential to generate business      mid-market organisations, helping us refine                        such as cloud solutions, supported by
                                                                   to business revenue. Vodacom’s largest               propositions and pinpoint barriers to adoption.                    professional and managed services to reduce
                                                                   markets, South Africa and Egypt, have around         This year                                                          complexity. We work closely with technology
                                                                   5.1 million formally registered SMEs6.               We expanded our SME digitalisation                                 partners to combine capabilities and provide
                                                                   Digitalisation is a key driver of productivity and   programme across our markets, facilitating an                      smart digital solutions for public sector
                                                                   competitiveness for SMEs, yet many still lack        increase in the number of SMEs accessing                           operations. We also maintain a focus on state
                                                                   the skills, resources and guidance to fully adopt    digital advice through V-Hub (site traffic,                        and local government where our footprint,
                                                                   digital tools. Public-sector organisations across    advisory calls and action-plan creation all                        products and expertise are best aligned to
                                                                   Europe and Africa also face rising expectations      increased). We strengthened collaboration with                     customer needs.
                                                                   to deliver efficient, secure and citizen-focused     local channel partners to scale reach and                          Vodacom and its partners offer tailored
                                                                   digital services. Through our infrastructure and     support SMEs with more complex digitalisation                      solutions across a range of verticals such as
                                                                   specialist expertise, we help governments and        needs.                                                             healthcare, utilities, agriculture, and education
                                                                   SMEs accelerate their digital transformation.        Number of SMEs receiving advice                                    amongst others. Scalable digital platforms such
                                                                   These two sectors offer significant                  
                                                                                                                                                                                           as government e-payment, grant and pension
                                                                   opportunities to scale our digital services while                                            2026       2025
                                                                                                                                                             (million)   (million)         disbursements, citizen engagement and
                                                                   contributing to broader economic and societal                                                                           e-administration solutions enhance government
                                                                   progress.                                            V-Hub unique users1,2,3                 0.57       0.38            efficiency by streamlining service delivery and
                                                                   SME services                                         Looking forward                                                    financial transactions.
                                                                   Strategy                                             Over the coming year, we plan to launch                            This year
                                                                  We seek to support SMEs on their digital             agentic AI solutions tailored to support SMEs                      We focused on building foundations for long-
                                                                   transformation journey by making advanced
        0.57 million                                               digital tools accessible, affordable and easy to
                                                                                                                        with their digitalisation journey. We also intend
                                                                                                                        to review our strategic objectives and action
                                                                                                                                                                                           term public sector growth by developing a
                                                                                                                                                                                           refreshed public sector strategy. This work
        SMEs have received advice on                               adopt. Vodafone Business provides a one-stop         plans, ensuring they are aligned with our                          included aligning market priorities, reviewing
        V-Hub1,2,3                                                 shop for digital solutions – cyber security,         capabilities and priorities. We will also review                   the maturity of our offering and determining
                                                                   cloud, connectivity, unified communications          the metrics used to measure and report                             where we can best support government
                                                                   and IoT – reducing SMEs’ reliance on inhouse         progress.                                                          organisations. We also continued to develop
                                                                   IT expertise. Through V-Hub, we offer free                                                                              core offerings aligned to emerging government
                                                                   expert guidance, tools and tailored action plans     Public Sector Services
                                                                                                                        Digital government services play a central role                    needs and advanced work on engagement
    Notes:                                                         to help SMEs adopt digital solutions                                                                                    approaches across our markets.
    1. Starting from 01 April 2025, Vodafone UK is excluded        confidently. We work with channel partners           in building inclusive, resilient and efficient
       from the figures due to the VodafoneThree merger.           who provide local, specialised support to            societies. As citizens and businesses                              Looking forward
    2. V-Hub is our online advisory platform for SMEs.
                                                                   SMEs, ensuring proximity, ease of access and         increasingly expect streamlined, digital-first                     We intend to begin implementing our refreshed
    3. Unique users are visitors to the V-Hub site spending at                                                          interactions with governments, public sector                       public sector strategy to support connectivity
       least 30 seconds viewing an article, participating in       trusted relationships throughout the digital
       advisory calls and generating action plans.                 buying journey. Digital advisory support for         organisations are accelerating their digital                       and digitalisation for European governments. In
    4. Eurostat, 2024.                                             SMEs is governed at a Vodafone Business              transformation programmes.                                         Africa we will continue to grow public sector
    5. Statista, 2025.                                             leadership level and embedded within market-         Governments are also seeking sovereign                             revenue by delivering tailored digital solutions
    6. Capmas, 2025; BMR, 2025.                                                                                                                                                            that address market-specific challenges,
                                                                   level digitalisation programmes.                     solutions to safeguard their workloads and
                                                                                                                        data. We are well positioned to support these                      strengthening Vodacom’s position as a trusted
                                                                                                                        requirements through robust connectivity,                          long-term partner for development.
                                                                                                                        digital services and an

    
38       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                    Governance                             Financials                              Other information


     Empowering People continued
                                                                                                                      We also introduced a Manager Effectiveness           Headcount metrics
     Our People Strategy                                         Organisational Culture
                                                                                                                      Index to strengthen our focus on developing
                                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                                           Measurement1                                      2026      2025
                                                                Strategy
                                                                 Our culture – the ‘Spirit of Vodafone’ –             others, supporting the leadership culture that       Number of employees2                           91,128     87,007

                                                                 outlines the beliefs and behaviours that             we need for our next phase of growth.                Number of markets where we operate                  15         15

                                                                 enable our strategy to deliver sustainable                                                                Employee nationalities3                            139       141
                                                                                                                      In the 2026 February Spirit Beat survey, we          Voluntary turnover rate4 (%)                         7          8
                                                                 growth, simplify our organisation and create         achieved an 87% response rate (May 2025:
                                                                 long-term value. It supports our mission to                                                               Involuntary turnover rate (%)                        4          4
                                                                                                                      86%). Overall engagement has remained
                                                                 connect everyone for a better future and is                                                               Footprint: Operating segments
                                                                                                                      stable year on year and continues to exceed
                                                                 grounded in our Code of Conduct.                                                                          Germany (%)                                         15         16
                                                                 
                                                                                                                      external benchmarks for high performing
                                                                                                                                                                           UK (%)                                              13         10
                                                                     Read more about our Code of Conduct on page 44   organisations. In addition, 79% of candidates
                                                                                                                                                                           Other Europe5 (%)                                   13         13
                                                                                                                      rated the hiring experience positively. 88% of
                                                                 By embedding the Spirit of Vodafone into                                                                  Türkiye (%)                                          3          4
                                                                                                                      new joiners report a positive onboarding
                                                                 how we lead, collaborate and make                                                                         Africa6 (%)                                         16         16
                                                                                                                      experience, and 66% of leavers would
                                                                 decisions, we enable growth and ensure we            recommend us as a great place to work.               Corporate Services7 (%)                              1          1
                                                                 are future ready, driving innovation, agility                                                             Shared Operations8 (%)                              39         41
                                                                 and customer delivery across our markets.            We advanced the transformation of our                Notes:
                                                                 This culture is strengthened through ‘Spirit of      customer experience and embedding a                  1. Further information on measurement definitions and
                                                                                                                                                                              calculations can be found at:
                                                                 Vodafone Days’ which are global and local            customer-first culture across the                       vodafone.com/esg-methodology.
                                                                                                                      organisation, while prioritising actions that        2. Proration not considered, as at the reporting date (31 March).
                                                                 events focused on customer connection,                                                                    3. Following the merger of Vodafone UK with Three UK during the
                                                                 learning, team cohesion and wellbeing.               strengthen the experience of our frontline              year, information is not yet available for Three UK employees.
                                                                                                                                                                           4. Includes retirement and death in service.
                                                                                                                      teams. Our February Spirit Beat survey               5. Reflects employees based in Albania, Czech Republic, Greece,
                                                                 We use insight from our employee listening           results reflected a frontline engagement                Ireland, Portugal, and Romania.
                                                                 programme to strengthen engagement,                  score of 81%, with 58% of outsourced                 6. Reflects employees based in Vodacom Group, including Egypt.
                                                                                                                                                                           7. Reflects corporate support activities across Finance, HR, Legal
                                                                 capability and the execution of our strategy,        contractors who serve our customers also                & Business Integrity, External Affairs, Brand & Technology
                                                                 including our annual Spirit Beat survey, and                                                                 Strategy.
                                                                                                                      participating. These insights continued to           8. Reflects Shared Operations headcount across out footprint.
                                                                 regular pulse surveys. We also listen at key         inform our customer action plan, driving                Further definitions can be found at:
                                                                                                                                                                             vodafone.com/esg-methodology.
                                                                 moments across the employee lifecycle,               improvements to operational efficiency,
         81%                                                     using insights to inform decisions from
                                                                 candidate experience through onboarding to
                                                                                                                      systems, and processes.                              As part of our transformation, we have continued
                                                                                                                                                                           to insource a significant number of roles within our
         Employee Engagement Index1,3                                                                                 Recognising the rights of our employees, we          Shared Operations to improve efficiency.
                                                                 exit.
                                                                                                                      upheld freedom of association across all             Looking forward
         87%                                                     This year
                                                                 We evolved our approach, informed by
                                                                                                                      markets and maintained strong relationships          We have reset our engagement targets for the
         alignment to Mission2,3                                                                                      with, workers’ councils and trade unions, in         next financial year and will continue to strengthen
                                                                 internal feedback, industry best practice and        total these arrangements and collective              our listening programme and equip our workforce
     Notes:                                                      new technology to deliver more actionable                                                                 with the tools and training needed to drive focused
     1. The Employee Engagement Index is based on average                                                             bargaining agreements covered 17,933                 action plans. Manager action boots engagement, a
        response to two questions: employee satisfaction and     insights at pace, and enhance the employee           people globally. Of this number, in Vodafone
        recommending us as an employer.                          experience with a focus on Customers,                                                                     pattern consistently reflected in Spirit Beat
     2. Alignment to Mission is based on average response to
                                                                                                                      Germany 13,117 employees were covered                insights, and so we will continue to respond to
        whether employees feel their daily work contributes to
                                                                 Simplicity and Growth. As part of this               by collective agreements with Workers’               insights with speed to help us sustain momentum
        Vodafone’s Mission.                                      transition, we adopted a new Employee                Councils and/or unions, enabling                     and accelerate meaningful progress.
     3. Employee Engagement index and Mission alignment          Engagement Index. We used a baseline                 participation in representative activities and
        scores are based on February 2026 five point scale
        responses, converted to a 0–100 scale and averaged.      pulse survey in November 2025 to establish           elected roles. This year, Vodafone Germany
                                                                 the starting point ahead of the February 2026        completed more than 155 agreements,
                                                                 Spirit Beat survey, which is now our single          focused on compensation, working time and
                                                                 annual survey, complemented by more                  attendance, and IT tools.
                                                                 frequent pulse check ins.

     
               Strategic report                            Governance                                      Financials                        Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          39


    Empowering People continued



                                                             Diversity, equity and inclusion                                paid leave and a phased return for all parents           disability, LGBT+, parents and carers, and
                                                             Strategy                                                       across our footprint, regardless of gender or            multicultural inclusion. We offered development
                                                             Our global policies, standards and toolkits form               circumstance, helping to address one of the              workshops to all our employee networks via
                                                             the backbone of our Diversity, Equality and                    barriers to women’s career advancement.                  our partner Radius, providing network leads the
                                                             Inclusion (‘DEI’) framework. By weaving DEI                                                                             ability to track their progress, identify strengths
                                                                                                                            Research shows that one in three women will              and areas for improvement. We enhanced our
                                                             into key employee moments, we are able to
                                                                                                                            experience domestic violence at least once in            network support by appointing new global
                                                             embed inclusion throughout the organisation.
                                                                                                                            their lifetime.2 Each market has a domestic              executive sponsors and launched an employee
                                                             This approach supports our 2030 objectives of
                                                                                                                            violence and abuse standard in place, including          network toolkit to help our networks grow.
                                                             25% ethnically diverse senior leadership and
                                                                                                                            10 days of paid safe leave and practical
                                                             40% women in management and senior
                                                                                                                            support measures, reinforcing our commitment             We continued to support survivors of domestic
                                                             leadership, and ensures our workforce reflects
                                                                                                                            to a safe and supportive workplace.                      violence and abuse and trained more
                                                             the markets in which we operate.
                                                                                                                                                                                     employees for our allies against abuse
                                                                                                                            Promoting active allyship is important to our            programme which equips colleagues to
                                                             To achieve our commitments, inclusion must be
                                                                                                                            DEI strategy, and our employee networks play             recognise signs of domestic violence and
                                                             the responsibility of everyone within our
                                                                                                                            an important role in embedding allyship                  abuse, respond appropriately to disclosures,
                                                             organisation. Our Code of Conduct sets the
                                                                                                                            throughout the organisation. By utilising the ‘4         and refer survivors to help and support. We
                                                             tone for expected behaviours, reinforcing our
                                                                                                                            A’s Allyship Framework’ – ask, acknowledge,              now have at least one ally against abuse in 17
                                                             zero-tolerance approach to discrimination and
                                                                                                                            act and amplify – we encourage employees to              countries, ensuring a wide support network for
                                                             reaffirms our dedication to diversity and
                                                                                                                            join these networks and engage with different            survivors.
                                                             inclusion. To attract and retain diverse talent,
                                                                                                                            communities. Our networks help to build
                                                             our global talent acquisition standard aims to
                                                                                                                            psychologically safe environments where                  To reinforce allyship within the organisation, we
                                                             ensure our hiring processes are standardised,
                                                                                                                            everyone is empowered to advocate for                    refreshed our global withstander training, which
                                                             inclusive, and free from bias. The standard also
                                                                                                                            themselves and others as allies.                         gave employees the tools to challenge
                                                             outlines our target of gender parity in
                                                                                                                                                                                     non-inclusive behaviours through deepening
                                                             appointments, helping us to open pathways for                  We maintain global standards and toolkits                their understanding of allyship and offering
                                                             women to thrive in leadership roles.                           covering gender, disability, LGBT+, and
                                                                                                                                                                                    practical examples of how to be an ally. The
                                                                 Read more about our Code of Conduct on page 44             multicultural inclusion, alongside guidance on           training was mandatory for managers and
                                                                                                                            flexible working, mental health, allyship, and           senior leaders. Our LGBT+, REACH (‘Race,
                                                             Our reward philosophy is guided by six fair pay                life-stages support like menopause. These                Ethnicity and Cultural Heritage’), gender, and
                                                            principles that drive the design of our reward                 measures help us break down barriers,                    disability allyship programmes reached 3,727
                                                             structures and underpin our pay decisions.                     challenge norms, and build a workplace where             allies globally.
        37%                                                  Each year, we conduct a review of our
                                                             principles to ensure these are embedded
                                                                                                                            everyone can thrive. They are applicable to
                                                                                                                            employees in all our operating companies and             We engaged colleagues by celebrating and
        women in management and senior                       across our geographies. One of these                           developed based on input from senior                     recognising International Women’s Day,
        leadership                                           principles is ensuring our people have a good                  leadership, global DEI leads and our employee            International Day for the Elimination of Racial
                                                             standard of living and for this we partner with                networks. This approach guarantees that key              Discrimination, Pride, and International Day for
                                                             the independent organisation, WageIndicator                    stakeholders contribute to all guidance, and             Persons with Disabilities. Our webinars,
        22%                                                  Foundation, to assess how our pay compares                     senior leaders approve it, making sure                   training, and celebrations reached at least
        ethnically diverse senior leadership                 to the living wage in the relevant country, and                inclusion guidelines are integrated throughout           62,000 employees across our markets. These
                                                             in the UK we are recognised as an Accredited                   every level.                                             programmes and events encouraged
        team1                                                Living Wage employer by the Living Wage                                                                                 colleagues to continue their journey of active
                                                                                                                            This year
                                                             Foundation.                                                    We progressed gender equality, strengthened              allyship through participating in community and
                                                             

                                                                 Read more about our six Fair Pay principles at Vodafone:   our focus on LGBT+, race and ethnicity, and              network events and learning.
                                                                 vodafone.com/fair-pay                                      empowerment of diverse talent.                           Gender Diversity
    Note:                                                    Our commitment to women in management                          We want all of our employees to feel                     We continued to drive gender diversity
    1. Excludes Egypt, Mozambique, Vodafone Automotive,      and senior leadership extends beyond                           psychologically safe at work. To do this we              progress through programmes, policies and
       VOIS_Egypt, and Telekom Romania.                      recruitment to progression and retention. Our                  actively supported multiple employee networks            leadership incentives. This year we reached
    2. World Health Organisation, Violence Against Women     global parental leave standard ensures at least                                                                         37% women in
       Prevalence Estimates, 2018.                                                                                          operating across our markets, including
                                                             16 weeks of fully                                              networks for women,

    
    40       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                Strategic report                          Governance                                 Financials                            Other information


         Empowering People continued


         management and senior leadership roles                           LGBT+ Inclusion                                            December 2025, we reached 17% overall REACH                 disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, and
         against a target of 40% by 2030, which is on                     We continued to develop our talent regardless of           and 2% Black. While we did not meet this goal, we           caring responsibilities, in line with local privacy and
         track towards our ambition. Our target is to have                their sexual orientation and provided targeted             have achieved significant progress towards it,              legal requirements1. This year 59% of our senior
         50/50 gender split in appointments, as laid out in               LGBT+ development programmes in our markets                increasing representation by 2.4% since June                leadership have shared diversity data, enabling
         our global talent acquisition standard, to ensure                where it is legally and culturally appropriate to do       2022. To reinforce our ambition to increase                 more transparency of diversity. Collecting this data
         full gender parity and equality. Across all early                so. This year we partnered with Stonewall to               ethnically diverse representation, we will extend           is essential for tracking our diversity KPIs and
         careers programmes, 48% of hires were women.                     deliver a leadership development programme for             our commitment and continue to increase                     supports our work to create an inclusive
         We worked to ensure there is gender diversity                    31 LGBT+ employees across 6 different markets.             representation at senior management and                     workplace.
                                                                                                                                                                                                 

         when resourcing for senior leadership roles, and                 The programme focused on developing                        leadership to 20% by 2030.                                      Read more about board and executive management
         our leadership team is accountable for                           confidence, coaching and leadership skills and             In addition to increasing representation, we                    diversity on page 71 and 82
         maintaining diversity and inclusion in their                     helped build a closer network of LGBT+ leaders             focused on developing ethnic minority talent and            Diversity in Senior Leadership
         teams. Under the ESG target, women in                            across our markets.                                        this year 220 colleagues attended the McKinsey              

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Sexual     Ethnic
         management is also included in our Global                        Disability & Accessibility                                 Black, Asian and Hispanic/Latino Connected                                                Orientation2 Diversity3 Disability4
         Long-Term Incentive (‘GLTI’) plan for senior                     We are committed to making our workplaces                  Leaders Academy to grow their leadership skills
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Representation in                      1        22          4
         leadership.                                                      accessible for everyone. Our careers site offers           and potential. This programme is for employees at
                                                                                                                                                                                                senior leadership
              Read more about our GLTI plan in the Remuneration           application adjustments to support candidates, and         all levels and focuses on leadership essentials,
                                                                                                                                                                                                 positions (%)
              Report on page 105                                          our recruiters are trained to implement these              management acceleration, and executive
         We promoted gender equality at all levels of the                 measures. We also provided additional training for         leadership. The impact of this is measured through          Notes:
                                                                          hiring managers and recruiters on disability,              our ethnicity metrics listed below.                         1. Excludes Egypt, Mozambique, Vodafone Automotive,
         organisation including at Board level where we                                                                                                                                             VOIS_Egypt, and Telekom Romania.
         meet the FTSE Women Leaders Review goal of                       accessibility, and reasonable adjustments.                 Representation of ethnic minorities across the              2. Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and other sexual orientations,
                                                                          

         at least 40% women on the Board with 54%,                            Read more about our application adjustments:           organisation                                                   excluding heterosexual.
                                                                                                                                     
         including a female CEO and CFO.                                      careers.vodafone.com/application-adjustments                                                                       3. Asian, Arab, Black/African/Caribbean, Latinx, mixed ethnic
                                                                                                                                                        31 March   Long-term
         
                                                                                                                                     Ethnic category        2026    ambition        Population
                                                                                                                                                                                                    groups, and ‘other’ identities.
              Read more about our board diversity policy on page 82       To reinforce compliance with the EU Accessibility                                                                      4. Self-identification of disability, including long-term
                                                                          Act, we launched a global workshop to train                Global               22%      31 Mar      Global Senior        conditions and visible and non-visible disabilities.
         Representation of women across the                               employees on inclusive design principles and               Ethnically                     2030:        Leadership
         organisation                                                                                                                                                                            Looking forward
                                                                         practical strategies for creating accessible               diverse                         25%          Team (125      We will continue to advance our women in
         Measurement1                               2026 (%) 2025 (%)     products and services.                                     background                                   positions)1    management and REACH goals to meet our 2030
         Women on the Board                             54        38      Race, Ethnicity and cultural heritage (‘REACH’)            UK                   18%      31 Dec         UK-based       target and further embed inclusion across our
         Women on the                                                     We continued to promote greater workplace                  Black, Asian,                  2030:            senior      markets. This will include actions to strengthen
         Executive Committee                            45        45      inclusion through allyship and anti-racism and             other diverse                   20%         leadership      allyship through awareness, training and employee
                                                                          continued to voluntarily disclose our ethnicity pay        ethnicities                                        and      network engagement and growing diverse talent
         Women in senior                                                  gap in our UK pay gap report.                                                                                          through leadership development, mentoring and
                                                                                                                                                                               management
         leadership positions2                          35        34      
                                                                                                                                                                                                 coaching opportunities. The impact of these
                                                                              Details of the ethnicity pay gap can be found in at:                                                   (1,790
         Women in management                                                  vodafone.com/uk-pay-gap                                                                             positions)     actions will be measured through inclusion and
         and senior leadership roles3                   37        36                                                                 UK                     2%     31 Dec
                                                                                                                                                                                                 engagement scores in our Spirit Beat and Pulse
                                                                          In 2020, we set ethnic diversity targets at                                                                            surveys and an increase in diversity in senior
         Women as a percentage                                                                                                       Black                          2030:
                                                                          leadership level. This year 22% of the Senior                                                                          management and leadership roles.
         of graduates                                   57        55                                                                                                  4%
                                                                          Leadership Team were from ethnically diverse                                                                           Workers’ councils and union engagement
         Women as a percentage                                            backgrounds against a target of 25% by 2030. This          Note:
                                                                                                                                                                                                 There were no material disruptions to operations
         of employees4                                  40        39      target supports our goal of creating a workplace           1. Excludes Egypt, Mozambique, Vodafone Automotive,
                                                                                                                                        VOIS_Egypt, and Telekom Romania.                         as a result of union activity during the financial
         Notes:                                                           that mirrors the diversity of the communities we                                                                       year or between the end of the financial year and
         1. Further information on how employees are defined and          operate within. In December 2021, we set the               Leadership Diversity                                        the date of this Annual Report on Form 20-F.
            calculated can be found at:                                   commitment that by 2025, 20% of our UK-based               We continued to focus on growing the number of
            vodafone.com/esg-methodology
         2. Percentage of senior women in our Executive Committee
                                                                          senior people will come from ethnically diverse            ‘#CountMeIn’ disclosures across our markets
            and Senior Leadership positions which has been redefined in   backgrounds, with 4% of those to be Black. On 31           where it is applicable. The initiative supports
            FY26 to increase the number of roles included.                                                                           employees to voluntarily share their diversity
         3. Percentage of women in our management and leadership
            roles.
                                                                                                                                     demographics; this includes race, ethnicity,
         4. Percentage of women based on the number of total
            employees.


         
                Strategic report                                  Governance                                 Financials                          Other information                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          41


    Empowering People continued



                                                                    Talent attraction and retention                          employer brand metrics. Since its launch, our                    As part of our three-year capability plans we
                                                                    Strategy                                                 global reputation scores improved by +1.9 points                 continued to strengthen our business-to-business
                                                                    To deliver our growth strategy and develop an            from 64.4 to 66.3, moving us closer to our target                expertise by equipping our sales teams with new
                                                                    agile workforce, we need to compete with the             of 70.                                                           capabilities and evolved our offering in response
                                                                    external market to ensure we get the right talent,       This year we launched the Talent Formula, a                      to skills and product knowledge assessments,
                                                                    with the right skills, in the right roles – both today   simple framework designed to help managers                       delivering training to over 5,000 employees. Our
                                                                    and in the future. This means accelerating talent        identify our best talent. It considers the individual’s          Go-To-Market learning programme supports sales
                                                                    development at all levels, building the next             potential, ambition, and career path and is                      within our ‘BeyondConnectivity’ portfolio, ensuring
                                                                    generation of leaders by unlocking the potential of      designed to ensure that we are finding, mobilising               ready access to relevant learning content.
                                                                    our people and progressing their careers at              and coaching talent to take on bigger roles and                  We continued to scale GenAI capabilities across
                                                                    Vodafone. Our talent strategy is underpinned by          deliver our strategy. To support leaders in making               our markets. The Copilot AI assistant was made
                                                                    three enablers:                                          informed hiring decisions we introduced ‘License                 available through on demand learning to 49,343
                                                                    Leading talent acquisition: Our global Employee          to Hire’, a self-paced, interactive digital training             users and we built momentum by progressing
                                                                    Value Proposition (‘EVP’) is anchored in our             course designed to equip leaders with the                        towards Agentic AI, with 1,947 employees
                                                                    principles, underpinned by the Spirit of Vodafone        essential skills and inclusive practices to make                 upskilled and 4,324 active agents deployed. In
                                                                    and aligned to our strategy. It clearly articulates      effective hiring decisions. To date 739 training                 support of our AI Governance Framework, we
                                                                    what we stand for as an employer and captures            modules have been completed by our leaders.                      launched a Citizen Developer community, with an
                                                                    the most compelling reasons to work at Vodafone.                                                                          initial cohort of 30 colleagues, equipping them
                                                                                                                             Coaching remains available to employees through
                                                                    Leadership accountability remains central:               our global coaching partner and our internal                     with the skills to build business-impacting
                                                                    Leaders are expected to grow talent and hold             network of trained coaches. We launched our                      solutions.
                                                                                                                                                                                              

                                                                    themselves and others to account. Our ongoing            Licence to Coach programme equipping leaders                         Read more about our AI Governance Framework on
                                                                    focus on performance and potential is driven by          with coaching capabilities that unlock                               page 51
                                                                    the ‘Grow my Impact’ framework, aligning                 performance, accelerate talent growth, and                       Across all activities, our colleagues spent
                                                                    employee goals to strategic priorities and reward        strengthen change agility. This year 4,753 leaders               3.7 million hours on learning, with an average of
                                                                    outcomes to individual performance.                      completed the programme.                                         40,3 hours per employee. We invested an
                                                                    Personalised skill and talent development: To            We continued to review succession and                            average of €352 per employee in both mandatory
                                                                    accelerate the development of high potential             development plans for senior leaders and critical                and non-mandatory training to build future
                                                                    talent at scale, the Talent Deal is an agreed set of     roles. Talents in our key succession pools                       capabilities.
    
                                                                    expectations for both colleagues and their               received support through leadership assessment,                  Looking ahead
        40.3 hours                                                  managers and offers support, resources, and
                                                                    development opportunities. To support the
                                                                                                                             development planning, and coaching.                              We will continue to invest in delivering our three-
                                                                                                                                                                                              year capability plans to accelerate our strategy
        average learning hours per employee1                                                                                 We invested in early careers through our
                                                                    development of key groups, we have specific                                                                               execution. Our focus will remain on succession for
                                                                                                                             Graduate, Internships, and Apprenticeships
                                                                    leadership interventions to accelerate their                                                                              critical roles and mid-career progression,
                                                                                                                             programmes, offering practical experience across
        10,974                                                      development to our most senior positions. We
                                                                    continue to support professional growth of all our
                                                                                                                             technology, digital innovation, and business
                                                                                                                             leadership. This year, we welcomed 496 Global
                                                                                                                                                                                              supported by targeted accelerator programmes,
                                                                                                                                                                                              career mobility and skills development. We will
        total internal hires globally2                              colleagues through our global learning platform,                                                                          evolve our leadership expectations and
                                                                                                                             Graduates, of whom 59% were female, alongside
                                                                    Grow with Vodafone, and through advanced Skill                                                                            development offering to align to our business
                                                                                                                             1,286 Global Interns, with 45% female
                                                                    Accelerators and Labs. This year over 23,000                                                                              strategy. We also expect to see AI further enhance
                                                                                                                             representation, and 460 Global Apprentices, 42%
                                                                    colleagues completed these programmes.                                                                                    our talent acquisition capabilities and learning
                                                                                                                             of whom were female. Through partnership with
                                                                    This year                                                universities, community organisations, and digital               experiences for our current employees, making AI
    Notes:                                                                                                                                                                                    a trusted enabler for our managers, recruiters and
    1. Globally our colleagues spent 3.7 million hours on           A year on from refreshing our global EVP, we have        skills programmes, we supported young people to
       learning.                                                    seen positive shifts in workplace perception and         build confidence and skills for lasting careers                  HR colleagues.
    2. This year we have placed increased focus on mid-                                                                      through structured learning and mentorship.
       career progression, prioritising internal recruitment to                                                              
       support talent mobility and development ahead of                                                                          Read more about our Gender Diversity across Vodafone
       external hiring.                                                                                                          on pages 39 to 40


    
    42       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             Strategic report                       Governance                                Financials                         Other information


         Empowering People continued



                                                            Safety, Health & Wellbeing                            Wellbeing                                               Safety indicators
                                                            Strategy                                              We work hard to create and maintain a culture of        
                                                                                                                  care and support. Mental health and wellbeing                                                     2026    2025
                                                            Nothing is more important to us than the Safety,
                                                            Health, and Wellbeing (‘SHW’) of our customers,       training and services are available in each market,     Work-related accidents
                                                            communities, employees, and partners. We have a       including the provision of employee assistance and      (including fatalities)
                                                            simple global commitment: no one gets hurt. If an     psychological support services. Our global              Employees and contractors                 44      36
                                                            incident does occur, we take steps aimed to           wellbeing framework includes mental health,
                                                            prevent reoccurrence. Our Group Chief Executive       physical health, and financial management.              Suppliers’ employees and
                                                            Officer has captured this in a Global Commitment                                                              contractors                               69      47
                                                                                                                  Our operations also advanced Digital Wellbeing
                                                            Statement which is supported by a personal video      and preventive health themes through initiatives        Lost-time incidents (‘LTI’)
                                                            message. Our SHW Policy and Standards provide         such as sleep and nutrition guidance (VOIS              Number of lost-time incidents –
                                                            a consistent approach to leadership, planning,        Spain), eye care awareness (Mozambique),                employees and contractors                 33      23
                                                            performance monitoring, governance, and               ergonomic support (VOIS Egypt), and stretching
                                                            assurance.                                                                                                    Lost-time incident rate per 1,000
                                                                                                                  and fitness activities (Greece and VOIS India).         employees and contractors               0.35     0.25
                                                            Leadership engagement – Our Group Executive           The framework is a guide to help our people             Total recordable fatalities
                                                            Committee (‘ExCo’) and operating company              achieve optimal wellbeing and to ensure we all
                                                            ExCo’s provide visible and clear leadership in                                                                Employees and contractors                  0       2
                                                                                                                  have access to the best possible wellbeing
                                                            SHW. Our senior leaders are actively engaged and      resources.                                              Suppliers’ employees and
                                                            carry out regular face-to-face safety tours                                                                   contractors                                1       1
                                                            throughout the year. Our leaders recognise the        This year
                                                            importance of connecting with teams and frontline                                                             Community (Members of the
                                                                                                                  We continued to focus on our key risks which are        public)                                    1       0
                                                            workers as they continue to maintain our networks     occupational road risk, falls from height, working
                                                            and work in our retail stores and on customer         with electricity, and civil works. These account for    We have a global set of key performance
                                                            sites. We encourage our people to raise any           the majority of reported incidents and remain in our    indicators which are reported monthly to the Group
                                                            concerns or ideas for improvements in SHW and         top priorities. In recognition of our key risks, we     ExCo and bi-annually to the Board:
                                                            ensure the support of our leaders when they do so.    continue to use the ‘Vodafone Absolute Rules’.          

                                                                                                                  These rules focus on risks that present the             – Number of fatalities;
                                                            Our Governance is defined in our global                                                                       – Number of employee lost-time incidents (‘LTIs’);
                                                            framework to manage SHW. This includes the            greatest potential for harm for anyone working for
                                                           monitoring and assessing of risks, setting targets,   or on behalf of Vodafone. The Absolute Rules              and
                                                                                                                  apply everywhere we work and provide clear              – Near misses.
             6                                              reviewing progress, and reporting performance.
                                                            Our framework is based on the international           expectations for safe behaviour for everyone to
                                                                                                                  follow. The Absolute Rules must be followed by all
                                                                                                                                                                          All fatalities that may be connected with our
             markets with independent external              standard ISO 45001 for occupational health and                                                                activities in any way, including those affecting
                                                            safety and always meets or exceeds local              employees and contractors, as well as our               employees, suppliers and members of the public,
             certification to ISO 45001                                                                           suppliers’ employees and contractors.
                                                            requirements.                                                                                                 are formally reported to the Group’s ExCo and to
                                                                                                                                                                          the Board by the Head of SHW. Each incident is
             0.35                                           Six markets have independent external
                                                            certification to ISO 45001 – Albania, Egypt,
                                                                                                                  Where this requirement is not met, we take
                                                                                                                  appropriate management action. In the February          investigated to determine the facts and any actions
                                                                                                                                                                          required to prevent recurrence. The investigation’s
             lost time incident rate per 1,000              Greece, Ireland, Romania and the UK. In addition,     2026 Spirit Beat survey, 90% of employees agreed
                                                                                                                  that the Absolute Rules are taken seriously.            findings are formally reviewed by the Chief Human
             employees and contractors                      six VOIS locations (Albania, Egypt, Hungary, India,                                                           Resources Officer at a formal review meeting to
                                                            Romania and Spain), Vodafone Automotive Italy                                                                 consider the thoroughness of the investigation, the
                                                            and Vodafone Business Technology Solutions also                                                               suitability of corrective and preventive actions, and
                                                            have independent external certification to                                                                    to determine whether the fatal accident was work-
                                                            ISO 45001.                                                                                                    related and therefore ‘recordable’ and publicly
                                                                                                                                                                          reported. Our target is to ensure no one gets hurt.
                                                                                                                                                                          Any loss of life related to our operations is
                                                                                                                                                                          unacceptable.

         
              Strategic report                             Governance                                    Financials                      Other information               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          43


    Empowering People continued


    It is therefore with great regret that we record         QR codes) have led to greater consistency of               Value chain engagement – Most of our high-risk         In October 2025, South Africa, community
    two fatal accident this year, without prejudice to       reporting of incidents, including lower-severity           work and most of the significant incidents we          wellbeing was strengthened through Early
    any external investigations, that resulted in the        injuries that may previously have gone                     report are as a result of work carried out by          Childhood Development (ECD) nutrition and
    deaths of two people. In Romania, on the 5th             unreported.                                                suppliers on our behalf. Engagement and                wellbeing education, delivered with the Vodacom
    May 2025, a worker working for a supplier in our         There has been no material change to the                   collaboration is essential to achieve our common       Foundation. This supported caregivers to improve
    value chain was killed falling from a platform at        underlying operational scope or risks. We                  goal of no one gets hurt. This year we held            early years nutrition practices. In December 2025,
    height whilst working on behalf of Vodafone              continue to focus on encouraging near miss and             quarterly in-person safety forums with our larger      Lesoto, employees and community members took
    during the installation and removal of street            unsafe acts or observation reporting, and learning         global suppliers in Romania, South Africa,             part in the Minet Independence Marathon, Pink
    lighting fixtures as part of a public                    from these cases to prevent more serious                   Germany and Luxembourg. We celebrated                  Walk for cancer awareness, and the 12 km Civil
    modernisation project.                                   incidents through a focus on continuous                    together over a decade of collaboration to develop     Military Corporate Challenge, collectively raising
    In the UK, on the 15th May 2025, there was a             improvement in safety outcomes for both our                common ways of working and share best practice         awareness of cancer prevention and healthy
    fatal road traffic accident involving a vehicle that     employees and contractors and in particular those          to improve workplace safety. In Egypt, our             living.
    was being driven by a Vodafone field engineer            working in our value chain.                                Vodacom operation also held an in-person forum         In September 2025, our VOIS Romania
    (employee) that sadly struck and killed a cyclist                                                                   bringing together partners from the African            employees supported local social programmes
                                                             All incidents relating to key risks or breaches of         continent.
    (a member of the public). We have shared the             the Vodafone Absolute Rules that are reported are                                                                 through Brighter Futures volunteering, contributing
    learnings from this incident across the business         investigated. We ensure that incidents are                 Community engagement – Across our markets,             time and expertise to community organisations.
    to aim to prevent recurrence.                            investigated in accordance with their severity, and        we continued to invest in initiatives that deliver     First aid and lifesaving skills training was
    An incident resulting in a serious injury occurred       appropriate remedial actions and improvements              tangible benefits to the communities we serve,         delivered to employees in Luxembourg, Greece
    this year in connection with a supplier                  are identified and implemented. We strongly                with a focus on safety, public health, and social      and VOIS India, VOIS Spain and VOIS Romania
    undertaking network upgrade works on behalf of           believe in the importance of prevention and we             wellbeing. In September 2025, our VOIS India           operations.
    VodafoneThree in the UK. The incident, which             also believe that every incident should be treated         operation, teams delivered Basic Life Safety
                                                                                                                        (BLS) training for external school teachers            Together, these initiatives demonstrate our
    involved the use of a Mobile Elevated Work               as an opportunity for learning and improvement.
                                                                                                                        alongside dengue fever awareness, monsoon              commitment to extending safety, wellbeing, and
    Platform (MEWP), has been reported to the
                                                             We continue to include a Health and Safety                 safety information, and defensive driving sessions     public health benefits beyond the workforce,
    Health and Safety Executive (HSE) and remains
                                                             module as part of our mandatory Doing What’s               for VOIS taxi drivers. These activities enhanced       creating positive outcomes for families, educators,
    under investigation. At the time of writing, the
                                                             Right training. All employees are required to              emergency readiness and seasonal risk                  caregivers, and local communities across multiple
    HSE has not requested information or
                                                             complete the training within six weeks of joining          awareness among groups outside the                     regions.
    engagement and VodafoneThree will support
                                                             and then follow our learning cycle. At the end of          organisation, supporting wider community safety.
    the HSE if and when required to do so and has
                                                             the year, 98% of employees required to complete
                                                                                                                                                                               Looking forward
    initiated an internal review in line with its                                                                       In December 2025, Mozambique, public health            We will undertake an update of our SHW Policy,
                                                             the Health and Safety module in the reporting
    governance processes.                                                                                               formed a core part of community engagement.            Standards and Risk Control Matrix to keep them
                                                             period had done so.
                                                                                                                       The team led a Cervical and Breast Cancer              aligned with the Group’s system of internal
    LTI is the term we use when a work-related                   Click to read more about our Code of Conduct on        awareness campaign targeting extended family           control, integrating enhancements designed to
    injury or illness results in one or more days                page 44                                                members of employees, helping improve                  address material incident areas and strengthen
    away from work. During the year, 33 employee
                                                             We continue to mandate our ‘Leading for Health &           understanding of early detection in a setting          operational risk controls.
    and contractor LTIs were reported. In total these
                                                             Safety at Work’ e-learning module. This module             where preventive screening is limited. This was
    incidents account for 626 lost workdays.                                                                                                                                   We will strengthen our existing supplier safety
                                                             sets out the specific impact we expect our leaders         complemented by on site psychological
    Employee and contractor work-related injuries                                                                                                                              requirements, introducing more rigorous
                                                             to have.                                                   consultations and mental health webinars open to
    and associated lost time days increased during                                                                                                                             expectations, taking learnings from past incidents
                                                                                                                        wider community facing groups, aimed at reducing
    the year with approximately 75% attributable to          Each local market is also responsible for                                                                         and themes and stipulating clearer controls for
                                                                                                                        stigma and increasing access to support.
    slips/trips and falls and manual handling                delivering training that supports the development                                                                 those carrying out high-risk activities across our
                                                                                                                        Employees also donated essential goods to
    incidents which are as a result of improved              of appropriate leadership skills, behaviours, and                                                                 suppliers in the value chain.
                                                                                                                        Maputo Central Hospital supporting
    reporting awareness, rather than a deterioration         identification of risks. Additional training is specific   frontline care where demand routinely exceeds
    in safety performance. Training, leadership              to an individual’s role and aligned to each                resources.
    messaging, and improved channels to report               market’s local legislation.
    (such as the ability to report via

    
    44       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                           Strategic report                                 Governance                                      Financials                             Other information



         Maintaining Trust
         
                                                                       Code of Conduct                                                 Looking forward                                                  grievance mechanisms, they are required to notify
                                                                       Strategy                                                        We are committed to ensuring that our employees                  us of any concerns raised that relate to work
                                                                       Our Code of Conduct sets out what we expect                     have a clear understanding of compliance, and                    undertaken on our behalf, ensuring transparency
                                                                       from every employee working for us, regardless of               part of this commitment is reflected in our                      and alignment with our expectations.
                                                                       location. We also expect our suppliers and                      continued improvements to both our digital Code                  This year
                                                                       business partners to uphold the same standards                  of Conduct and the Global Policy Portal (‘GPP’).
                                                                                                                                                                                                        We refined our approach to consequences and
                                                                       as set out in our Code of Ethical Purchasing.                   We are currently running a comprehensive                         non-retaliation by embedding standalone global
                                                                       
                                                                           Read more about our approach to responsible supply          programme aimed at enhancing our policy                          standards across our local markets through
                                                                           chain on pages 48                                           environment. The focus is on making our                          training, communication, and reporting. Our
                                                                       
                                                                           Click to read our Code of Conduct:
                                                                                                                                       resources more user-friendly and ensuring greater                non-retaliation standard ensures everyone who
                                                                           vodafone.com/code-of-conduct                                emphasis on the risks that matter most to our                    raises a concern in good faith is treated fairly, with
                                                                                                                                       business. We are also preparing to relaunch our                  no negative employment consequences regardless
                                                                       Our DWR training and communication programme                    updated Code of Conduct in FY27.                                 of the outcome of any subsequent investigation.
                                                                       is key to embedding a shared understanding of the               
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Our consequence management standard
                                                                       Code of Conduct across Vodafone.                                     Read more about our principal risks and uncertainties on
                                                                                                                                            pages 60 to 62                                              supported consistent and proportionate
                                                                       This year                                                                                                                        consequences, no matter who the individual is and
                                                                       Our DWR programme remained central to
                                                                                                                                       Speak Up                                                         what market they are based in. This year, 808
                                                                       embedding our culture of integrity across the                   Strategy                                                         (FY25: 684) separate concerns were reported
                                                                       Group. The programme promotes the key areas of                  Our Speak Up programme enables employees to                      using Speak Up.
                                                                       our Code of Conduct – including Speak Up, Anti-                 report, in confidence, any behaviour that may be                 To ensure a consistent approach to Speak Up
                                                                       Bribery, Privacy, Competition Law, Security, and                unethical, unlawful, criminal, or in breach of our               across our markets, we conducted detailed training
                                                                       Health & Safety – ensuring employees understand                 policies, systems or processes, and therefore                    with local committees on the aforementioned
                                                                       both our expectations and their individual                      inconsistent with our Code of Conduct. The                       standards, their responsibilities, the criteria for
                                                                       responsibilities.                                               programme is owned by the Chief Human                            escalating cases to the Group, and the risk
                                                                                                                                       Resources Officer and overseen by the Group                      controls they will be measured against annually.
                                                                       To embed these expectations further, we provided                Risk and Compliance Committee.
                                                                       micro learnings and targeted campaigns                                                                                           Speak Up topics raised during the year
                                                                       encouraging employees to speak up if they have                  All reports are investigated confidentially by trained           

                                                                                                                                       local specialist teams. Each local market and                                                                         Requiring
                                                                       concerns. Our Code of Conduct training forms part                                                                                                                          Speak Up remedial
                                                                      of the standard induction for new joiners, with                 operating segment has a senior Speak Up                          Topic1                                   reports (%) action (%)
                                                                                                                                       Committee to govern the programme, oversee
             97%                                                       refresher training required periodically.
                                                                       DWR training completion rates
                                                                                                                                       investigations, verify actions or remediations have
                                                                                                                                       been taken (if applicable), and ensure that
                                                                                                                                                                                                        People issues2                                 66         37
             DWR completion rate1                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Integrity                                      40         37
                                                                                                                     2026       2025   consequences are applied consistently. The Group
                                                                                                                      (%)        (%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Other                                          22         47
                                                                       Topic                                                           Audit and Risk Committee receives an annual
             83%                                                       DWR training programme                        97         96     update on the overall effectiveness of the Speak
                                                                                                                                       Up programme and emerging trends.
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Health and safety                              23         38
             of employees trust the Speak Up                           Anti-bribery module                           98         97                                                                      Notes:
                                                                                                                                       Speak Up is available to all, including our suppliers            1. There were 0 reports relating to modern slavery concerns
             process2                                                  Code of Conduct module                        98         97                                                                         reported during the period (FY25: no reports).
                                                                                                                                       and is communicated through our Code of Ethical                  2. Diversity, equity and inclusion topics accounted for 3% of
         Notes:                                                        Health and Safety module                      98         97     Purchasing. Where suppliers operate their own                       the People issues reported.
         1. Percentage of employees required to complete DWR
            training modules in the reporting period with no overdue
                                                                       Privacy module                                97         97
            requirements at the period-end.                            Security module                               98         97
         2. Percentage of respondents agreeing they believe
            appropriate action would be taken using the process.

         
              Strategic report                          Governance                                    Financials                        Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         45


    Maintaining Trust continued


    Our employees trust our Speak Up process, as          The Group Chief Executive and Executive                     We hold leadership roles at industry level (e.g.          Looking forward
    evidenced by our February 2026 Spirit Beat            Committee oversee our anti-bribery programme,               GSMA Fraud and Security Group), using these               Our focus will remain on embedding the enhanced
    survey, with 83% of respondents agreeing that         supported by the Group Risk and Compliance                  positions to ensure regulatory alignment, and to          framework throughout all markets and further
    they believe appropriate action would be taken        Committee. Local market Chief Executive Officers            drive engagement and cross-sector collaboration           developing the capability and consistency of our
    as a result of using the process. We also track       are accountable for implementation in their                 in the global fight against fraud.                        Anti-bribery and Corruption programme.
    the proportion of ‘named’ versus ‘anonymous’          markets, supported by local specialists and a               Our strategy focuses on strengthening our ability         Enhancing third party risk management is a
    reports as a higher number of named reports           dedicated Group anti-bribery compliance team.               to proactively protect customers, simplifying our         continued priority, with improved due diligence
    suggests higher levels of trust in the Speak Up       Anti-bribery training continues to be a core pillar of      fraud operations, and enabling business growth            and ongoing monitoring of higher-risk
    process. During the year, 43% (FY25: 49%) of          the DWR programme. All employees are required               through innovative fraud solutions. Customer              relationships. We will also expand the use of data
    reports were ‘named’ and this was 22% lower           to complete mandatory e-learning modules, which             protection is significantly elevated as a priority,       analytics, automation, and horizon scanning to
    than available industry benchmarks.                   includes a dedicated anti bribery module, while             with initiatives focused on reducing spam and             boost detection, insights, and support more
    Looking forward                                       higher risk roles receive tailored, scenario based          scam communications, improving victim support,            proactive risk management.
    We will continue to monitor reports and ensure        training to address the specific risks they may             and expanding both customer and employee fraud
    robust handling by governing teams across our         encounter.                                                  awareness. This ensures that we are a trusted
    markets. We will also continue to strengthen our      Fraud                                                       supplier to all customers, and aims to create a
    communication to colleagues by raising                Fraud is a significant threat, impacting our                more resilient ecosystem where fraud prevention
    awareness of the programme and reinforcing            customers, employees, reputation, and financial             becomes an integrated part of the customer
    the importance of behaving with integrity.            performance. We delivered fraud management                  experience.
    Anti-bribery, corruption and fraud                    through a global operating model, utilising a               This year
    Strategy                                              combination of all of our resource. This blend of           We strengthened our Anti-bribery and Corruption
    We are committed to conducting business with          resources allows us to provide an effective                 framework after a comprehensive review of our
    integrity and have a zero-tolerance approach to       localised response to any incidence of fraud,               assurance approach. Our risk-based assurance
    bribery, corruption and fraud. This commitment        whilst also ensuring that intelligence and best             model including independent oversight and
    is set out in our Code of Conduct and supported       practice of the benefit to the wider organisation is        confidence in the design and effectiveness of anti-
    by our Anti-bribery Policy, which applies to all      captured and shared.                                        bribery controls. This led to clearer accountability,
    employees and third parties acting on our                                                                         stronger risk ownership, and better alignment of
                                                          We continuously evolve our fraud technology and
    behalf.                                                                                                           assurance activities to inherent bribery and
                                                          ways of working, adapting to the tactics used by
                                                                                                                      corruption risks across all our markets. The
    The policy prohibits bribery in all forms,            fraudsters, and aligning with key partner teams
                                                                                                                      systematic strengthening of our control
    including the offering or acceptance of improper      such as Cyber Security and Privacy to leverage
                                                                                                                      environment represents a significant step forward
    gifts, hospitality or other advantages, whether       our respective strengths and establish a robust,
                                                                                                                      in the maturity of our anti-bribery controls,
    directly or indirectly, and provides clear            layered defence.
                                                                                                                     allowing us to concentrate more on higher-risk
    guidance on what constitutes bribery and                  Read more about our Cyber Security strategy and AI on   areas while maintaining robust, consistent
    corruption.. Breaches may result in disciplinary          pages 52 to 56                                          baseline standards across the Group.
    action, up to and including dismissal, or
    termination of contracts.                                                                                         Training completion rates remained above 90%
                                                                                                                      across our markets, reinforcing consistent
    Our Anti-Bribery Policy is aligned with relevant                                                                  awareness of our standards and zero tolerance
    legislation, including the UK Bribery Act and the                                                                 approach to misconduct.
    US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Facilitation
    payments are strictly prohibited, except where
    an employee’s personal safety is at risk. Any
    payment made under duress must be reported
    promptly once the risk has passed.

    
    46       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                           Governance                                     Financials                          Other information


         Maintaining Trust continued



                                                                 Network shutdowns                                      vulnerable groups, even when faced with                         stages to Vodafone Group. It also documents the
                                                                 Digital connectivity is crucial for exercising human   conflicting requirements.                                       due diligence steps required to assess the legality,
                                                                 rights, including freedom of expression and access     Shutdowns are also governed by our Global Law                   necessity and proportionality of government
                                                                 to information. The intentional disruption of          Enforcement Assistance (‘LEA’) Standard, which                  demands for network shutdowns such as
                                                                 electronic communications mandated by a                ensures we seek to balance respect for our                      escalation paths to Vodafone Group. This process
                                                                 government, known as ‘network shutdowns’,              customer’s right to privacy and freedom of                      enables appropriate stakeholder engagement,
                                                                 heavily restrict these freedoms. Network               expression with our legal obligations. Both policies            subject to local market nuance, and is informed
                                                                 shutdowns can be geographically targeted and           apply to our own operations, and all employees                  and supported by our markets.
                                                                 therefore affect specific communities, or be           are required to follow them. Our operating                      We have also established a Network Shutdowns
                                                                 implemented nationally and apply to all                companies interpret applicable law and                          Working Group who meet regularly to monitor
                                                                 communications and/or specific services (for           government demands as narrowly as lawfully                      trends and threats, plan engagement and review
                                                                 example, data but not voice). When we talk about       possible to mitigate the impact on rights holders. If           due diligence processes across the Group.
                                                                 network shutdowns, we also include government          a demand appears overly broad or unlawful,
                                                                 mandated simultaneous blocking of mass                                                                                 The number of stakeholder engagements at
                                                                                                                        clarification or modification is sought from                    Vodafone Group seeking to ensure freedom of
                                                                 communications platforms.                              authorised officials.
                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                        expression of our customers is respected
                                                                 Under its operating licences, Vodafone must                 Click to read our approach to LEA in our Government        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2026
                                                                 comply with shutdown orders when compelled to               Disclosures Transparency Report:
                                                                 do so in accordance with local law. Globally, some          vodafone.com/transparency                                  Number of engagements1                             13
                                                                 governments also retain capability to block or         This year
                                                                 restrict internet access without the involvement of                                                                    Looking forward
                                                                                                                        The Human Rights (including Child Rights) Policy                We will finalise the centralised Human Rights
                                                                 the internet service provider.                         and the Global LEA Standard were updated. This                  Operational Framework and cascade this to our
                                                                 There have been at least 300 internet shutdowns        strengthens how we address the risk that we may                 markets. Additionally, we will continue to engage
                                                                 in more than 54 countries worldwide over the last      negatively impact people’s human rights and how                 with relevant external stakeholders as per our
                                                                 two years2, underscoring the continued use of this     we balance the right to privacy and freedom of                  stakeholder engagement strategy. Progress on this
                                                                 tactic across the globe. Network shutdowns have a      expression.                                                     will be reviewed annually, with the aspiration of
                                                                 negative impact on human rights by limiting access     We recognise the importance of engaging with                    seeing a year-on-year increase in the number of
                                                                 to information and freedom of expression.              governments and regulatory bodies to advocate for               engagements. The outputs of engagements will
                                                                Strategy                                               clear legal frameworks governing shutdowns,                     inform our future efforts to reduce the number of
                                                                 Whilst we must comply with lawful shutdown             transparency requirements and independent                       shutdowns and to mitigate their impacts.
             13                                                  demands, we seek to mitigate their impact through
                                                                 refusing to implement unlawful requests, and
                                                                                                                        oversight. This year, we developed a stakeholder
                                                                                                                        engagement strategy to structure and strengthen
                                                                                                                                                                                        We will create and implement bespoke human
             stakeholder engagements seeking to                                                                                                                                         rights training, covering network shutdowns as a
                                                                 advocating for states to avoid network shutdowns.      our engagement with human rights organisations,                 salient issue, to upskill, inform and educate
             ensure freedom of expression of our                                                                        policymakers and industry peers, so that we can
                                                                 Vodafone’s approach to network shutdowns is                                                                            relevant employees on this topic. This will include
             customers is respected1                                                                                    more effectively advocate for governments to                    local market nuances to address the varying
                                                                 governed by our Human Rights (including Child
         Notes:                                                                                                         reduce the use of shutdowns and to address                      maturity levels between markets and any legal
                                                                 Rights) Policy, which is aligned to international
         1. This includes advocacy for clear legal frameworks                                                           mitigation of their impacts. Much of this activity is           differentiations and/or restrictions. Provision of this
                                                                 standards such as the UN Guiding Principles on
            governing shutdowns, transparency requirements and                                                          undertaken at a Vodafone and Vodacom Group                      training strengthens implementation of our Human
            independent oversight.                               Business and Human Rights (‘UNGPs’) and key
                                                                                                                        level. We also advocate for rights-respecting LEA               Rights Policy to support employees’ identification
         2. UNESCO, 2026.                                        international instruments and commitments. Under
                                                                                                                        frameworks in our annual Transparency Report.                   of human rights impacts of our own operations
                                                                 these principles we identify network shutdowns as
                                                                 one of our salient human rights issues. This           We commenced work to centralise our Human                       including network shutdowns, prevention or
                                                                 requires that we seek ways to respect human            Rights Operational Framework. This framework                    mitigation of those impacts, and keeping
                                                                 rights, with special consideration to                  will guide our markets on how to report human                   employees safe and secure.
                                                                                                                        rights risks, including network shutdowns, at the
                                                                                                                        earliest

         
               Strategic report                              Governance                                    Financials                     Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            47


    Maintaining Trust continued



                                                               Law Enforcement Assistance                                This year                                                 Looking forward
                                                               Vodafone is obliged to comply with local law and          We continue to ensure that our policies on                We will ensure our Human Rights Policy and LEA
                                                               therefore with lawful orders for assistance from          government data requests are aligned with human           Standard, and processes continue to align with
                                                               local law enforcement (‘LEA’), such as police,            rights standards such as the UN Guiding                   human rights standards such as the UNGPs, and
                                                               intelligence agencies and courts. There is a risk         Principles on Business and Human Rights                   any future emerging international standards for
                                                               that certain individuals’ human rights may be             (‘UNGPs’). We continue to monitor and update              best practice in LEA (subject to local restrictions).
                                                               breached by authorities exercising their power to         both the Human Rights and Global LEA standard
                                                                                                                         on a periodic basis to maintain alignment.                We will continue to engage with relevant
                                                               require the disclosure of communications data –
                                                                                                                                                                                   stakeholders, seeking to ensure that human rights
                                                               even where such requirements are domestically
                                                                                                                         To best fulfil the objective of our Human Rights          are respected when responding to LEA requests.
                                                               lawful. Local law may not mirror the conditions
                                                                                                                         Policy and LEA Standard, we need to operate
                                                               that international human rights standards consider                                                                  Our LEA teams are specialist, highly trained and
                                                                                                                         under national legal and regulatory frameworks
                                                               to be the most effective guardrails against human                                                                   security cleared. This year relevant employees
                                                                                                                         that support and promote rights-respecting LEA.
                                                               rights abuses related to LEA. This is a negative                                                                    with responsibility for providing and/or overseeing
                                                               impact in areas where political freedoms are              We believe advocacy (sole and at industry level)          LEA will receive further, bespoke human rights
                                                               limited; monitoring of the impact is constrained          is the best way to advance these frameworks. We           training to deepen their understanding of how LEA
                                                               where Vodafone is not free to report on LEA               engage constructively with a range of                     intersects with human rights, and to enhance
                                                               numbers.                                                  stakeholders with the aim of influencing the              ongoing engagement between the LEA and
                                                                                                                         development and use of frameworks that better             human rights teams.
                                                               Strategy
                                                                                                                         protect privacy and freedom of expression.
                                                               Our approach to LEA is governed by our Human                                                                        This additional training will include local market
                                                               Rights (including Child Rights) Policy. It is also        The Group stakeholder engagement strategy                 nuances to address the varying maturity levels
                                                               governed by our Global Law Enforcement                    developed during the year will support our future         between markets and any legal differentiations
                                                               Assistance Standard, which are the specific               engagement with human rights organisations,               and/or restrictions. Provision of this training will
                                                               principles that guide our approach under the              policymakers and industry peers on digital rights         strengthen implementation of our Human Rights
                                                               Global Corporate Security and Resilience Policy           issues including LEA. This year we started to track       Policy to ensure all relevant individuals are aware
                                                               in our own operations. The right to privacy and           our engagements as per the stakeholder                    of the action they need to take to comply with our
                                                               freedom of expression in relation to LEA is one of        engagement plan at a Group level and are                  policies. This includes identification of human
                                                               our salient human rights issues.                          reported in the table below.                              rights impacts of our own operations and
                                                                                                                                                                                   prevention or mitigation of those impacts.
                                                               Our Global Law Enforcement Assistance Standard            The number of stakeholder engagements at
                                                              sets out clear guidance, governance and                   Vodafone Group aimed at seeking to ensure
                                                               safeguards which seek to ensure we provide LEA
        10                                                     securely, effectively, in line with legal due process
                                                                                                                         rights-respecting LEA frameworks and best
                                                                                                                         practice in our countries of operation
        stakeholder engagements aimed at seeking               and in a way that respects our customer’s right to        
        to ensure rights-respecting LEA frameworks             privacy in our own operations. It sets out common                                                        2026
        and best practice in our countries of                  mandatory requirements for all operating                  Number of engagements1,2                       10
        operation1,2                                           companies regarding the circumstances in which
                                                               we will provide LEA. It sets out the procedures for
                                                               scrutinising all LEA requests, requires all agencies
                                                               to comply with legal due process and establishes
                                                               that we will challenge demands that we consider
    Notes:                                                     overly broad, insufficiently targeted or
    1. This includes advocating for legal frameworks that      disproportionate.
       respect human rights and that establish clear           
       transparency requirements and independent oversight         Click to read our approach to LEA in our Government
       mechanisms.                                                 Disclosures Transparency Report:
    2. This also includes advocacy and engagements related         vodafone.com/transparency
       to implemented best practice in managing LEA
       requests.

    
    48       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                          Strategic report                      Governance                                  Financials                        Other information


         Maintaining Trust continued



                                                                       Responsible Supply Chain                               on international standards1 and stipulates the            The CEO of VP&C sets ESG objectives and KPIs
                                                                       We spend €25 billion a year with around 8,700          social, ethical and environmental standards that          that are cascaded to SLT members and to all
                                                                       suppliers globally to meet our business                we expect of suppliers, which must be extended            procurement teams, with progress reported
                                                                       requirements and customer needs for network            into tier 2 and beyond by our contractual partners.       quarterly. New governance was established to
                                                                       infrastructure, IT and services related to fixed       When suppliers tender for business, they are              mitigate risks and drive strategic development in
                                                                       lines, mobile masts and data centres that run our      assessed on ESG criteria and must demonstrate             ESG programmes. The VP&C Human Rights
                                                                       networks.                                              policies and procedures that support their claims.        SteerCo and the Environmental SteerCo meet
                                                                                                                              This assessment accounts for up to 20% of the             bi-monthly and are chaired by the CEO of VP&C.
                                                                       The majority of this spend, 70%, is managed                                                                      Due diligence and progress for these topics is
                                                                       centrally by Vodafone Procure and Connect              overall evaluation criteria and supplier selection in
                                                                                                                              100% of RFQs. In addition, we have                        reported to the ExCo and Board.
                                                                       (‘VP&C’), based in Luxembourg. This approach
                                                                       helps to maintain a consistent approach to risk and    comprehensive contractual terms for all suppliers         With independent partners2, we conducted a risk
                                                                       supplier management.                                   in relation to ESG topics and specific ones (on           assessment on our strategic suppliers and on the
                                                                                                                              people and environment) for contracts of high             wider supply chain to identify ESG risks and
                                                                       The complexity of the supply chain, nature of the      impact.                                                   prioritisation to identify, monitor, mitigate and
                                                                       products and our sourcing locations coupled with                                                                 remediate across our procurement categories and
                                                                       the inherent risk of some of the components we         Our Supplier Assurance Risk Management
                                                                                                                              (‘SARM’) system identifies suppliers who pose             sourcing locations. Of our strategic suppliers, 27
                                                                       buy, creates many areas for potential risk. We are                                                               present a high risk and have been placed into an
                                                                       actively engaged and monitoring the four standard      risks that are material to our business. These are
                                                                                                                              related to money laundering, bribery, conflict            enhanced due diligence programme that includes
                                                                       pillars of supply chain due diligence: labour and                                                                an on-site audit, mandatory training, assessments,
                                                                       human rights, environment, ethics and business         minerals, conflict of interest, corporate security,
                                                                                                                              cyber security, environment, human rights, safety,        and heightened contract clauses.
                                                                       practices. Within these pillars, we have identified
                                                                       three material topics for supply chain: Scope 3        health and wellbeing, privacy, responsible sourcing       We scaled our supplier engagement programme
                                                                       GHG emissions, network equipment e-waste and           and sanctions and trade control. Any identified           by onboarding an independent ESG platform to
                                                                       circularity and human rights in the supply chain.      risks require an independent policy expert to             assess the maturity of our suppliers’ ESG
                                                                                                                             approve suppliers before they are onboarded and           programmes and have onboarded 238 strategic
                                                                           Read more about our Scope 3 GHG emissions and
                                                                           network equipment e-waste on pages 30 to 32
                                                                                                                              if necessary, to establish a mitigation plan.             suppliers this year. The platform monitors
                                                                                                                                                                                        suppliers’ performance, identifies areas for
                                                                       We recognise that risks can be correctly mitigated     We use industry alignment to increase both
                                                                                                                                                                                        improvement and issues trainings and action plans
                                                                       to drive positive change, and we see this as an        leverage and impact with suppliers. Through the
                                                                                                                                                                                        directly to suppliers.
                                                                      opportunity to collaborate with suppliers and          Joint Alliance for CSR (‘JAC’) we collaborate with
                                                                       industry partners to advance opportunities for local   other telecommunications operators to address             Looking forward
             100%                                                      communities in which our products and services         ESG risks as well as improve standards in the
                                                                                                                              technology supply chain. We currently hold the
                                                                                                                                                                                        We intend to focus on accelerating suppliers’
                                                                                                                                                                                        adoption of our environmental and social
             of suppliers must comply with our code of                 are sourced.
                                                                                                                              Vice-Chair of the Board of this organisation that         standards. This includes a review of our Code of
             ethical purchasing                                        Strategy                                               develop initiatives with suppliers and measure the        Ethical Purchasing and driving improvements in
                                                                       We view a responsible supply chain as an ethical       progress specifically in relation to human rights,        human rights, due diligence, Scope 3 emissions
             20%                                                       commitment which strengthens our commercial
                                                                       position by enhancing customer trust. As ESG
                                                                                                                              reducing Scope 3 emissions and reducing
                                                                                                                              e-waste.
                                                                                                                                                                                        reductions and ethical labour practices, with a
                                                                                                                                                                                        focus on high-risk categories. This includes
             ESG criteria in RFQ for supplier selection                performance becomes a key differentiator in                                                                      strengthening collaboration with commercial teams
                                                                       business tenders, strong due diligence and             This year
                                                                                                                              We established a new ESG team in VP&C that is             so that ESG criteria are consistently applied during
                                                                       supplier standards help reduce risk, reinforce                                                                   category strategy design, negotiation and
                                                                       brand credibility and secure long-term customer        responsible for human rights, environmental
                                                                                                                              strategy, sustainable procurement, supplier               procurement decision making. We will work
                                                                       relationships.                                                                                                   towards increased transparency and granularity of
                                                                                                                              engagement and ESG governance of our
         Notes:                                                        Every supplier that works with us must comply with     suppliers. The team lead has a seat on the VP&C           supply chain data and work with suppliers to build
         1. Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the              our Code of Ethical Purchasing which is based          Senior Leadership Team (‘SLT’) and reports into           capability and engagement.
            International Labour Organisation.
         2. Business for Social Responsibility (‘BSR’) and EcoVadis.                                                          Group External Affairs to ensure alignment with the
                                                                                                                              Sustainable Business and Human Rights
                                                                                                                              strategies.

         
                Strategic report                                Governance                                    Financials                         Other information               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              49


    Maintaining Trust continued



                                                                  Human rights in the supply chain                           assessed on their approach to human rights and            focusing on remediation. This year, we issued 72
                                                                  We do not tolerate forced, bonded or compulsory            must demonstrate policies and procedures that             action plans to suppliers related to human rights
                                                                  labour, human trafficking, child labour or                 support matters including working conditions and          concerns. We were also able to conduct worker
                                                                  discrimination in our operations or supply chain.          working hours, safety, diversity and inclusion.           surveys which provided direct insight into worker
                                                                  These issues are addressed in our Human Rights             In order to promote transparency and stakeholder          experience. To increase scope and impact we
                                                                  Policy Statement and our Code of Ethical                   engagement, we publicly report on our human               undertake audits of common suppliers with the
                                                                  Purchasing which applies to all our suppliers.             rights performance in our Modern Slavery                  JAC, an industry association of 31 Telco operators
                                                                                                                             Statement, engage with stakeholders on key                of which we are Vice-Chair. In FY26, Vodafone
                                                                  We champion human rights across our global                                                                           conducted more audits for this alliance than any of
                                                                  supply chain by embedding respect for human                issues and collaborate with industry partners and
                                                                                                                             human rights initiatives to drive positive change         our peers.
                                                                  rights, building transparency in business practices
                                                                  and accountability for impacts into supplier               within the telecommunications global supply               We refreshed the internal governance at VP&C
                                                                  relationships.                                             chain. Suppliers must operate safely, under the           and established a bi-monthly SteerCo consisting
                                                                                                                             ‘Vodafone Absolute Rules’. Non compliance has             of SLT level representatives from procurement,
                                                                  Strategy                                                   clear consequence management as detailed in               legal, compliance and sustainability functions.
                                                                  Our Chief Finance Officer and Chief External               our contractual clauses.                                  Significant risks or issues of human rights
                                                                  Affairs Officer oversee our approach to human              
                                                                                                                                                                                       non-conformity are escalated and managed in this
                                                                  rights in our supply chain and are supported by                Click to read our modern slavery statement:
                                                                                                                                 vodafone.com/modern-slavery-statement                 forum, along with monitoring progress on strategic
                                                                  senior leaders and subject matter experts in both                                                                    programmes.
                                                                  Procurement and Human Rights teams.                        We engage our suppliers through industry forums
                                                                                                                             to provide training, resources and support to             To build internal capability, select employees
                                                                  VP&C proactively engage with suppliers to build                                                                      underwent professional social systems lead
                                                                  awareness on human rights issues, set clear                enhance understanding of human rights
                                                                                                                             principles, equipping them with the tools and             auditor training certified by the International
                                                                  expectations, and collaborate to address risks and                                                                   Register of Certified Auditors (‘IRCA’) and the
                                                                  promote positive change for workers across our             knowledge to respect and protect human rights
                                                                                                                             within their businesses and supply chains.                Charted Quality Institute (‘CQI’).
                                                                  supply chain through the following priority areas.
                                                                                                                             This year                                                 Our due diligence process has not uncovered any
                                                                  We have a robust supply chain due diligence and                                                                      issues of child labour or direct involvement in
                                                                  risk management programme, aligned to both the             We drove significant improvements in how human
                                                                                                                             rights are embedded, monitored and strengthened           conflict minerals, but due to the nature of the
                                                                  Organisation for Economic Co-operation and                                                                           products we sell, the issues are very relevant to
                                                                  Development (‘OECD’) and UN Guiding                        across the supply chain, with clear advances in
                                                                                                                             governance, risk assessment, supplier                     our organisation. Therefore, we conduct a detailed
                                                                 Principles. This is a comprehensive, ongoing                                                                         annual analysis of our suppliers in relation to
                                                                  process to identify, prevent, mitigate and                 engagement and transparency.
        100%                                                      remediate potential and actual human rights                The due diligence process was strengthened with
                                                                                                                                                                                       conflict minerals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       

        of strategic suppliers have been assessed for             impacts. In addition to our supplier audit                 expanded risk assessment and risk mapping,                    Click to read our approach to responsible minerals:
                                                                  programme which surveys value chain workers,                                                                             vodafone.com/responsibleminerals
        human rights risks1                                                                                                  providing transparency and valuable insights into
                                                                  our anonymous, non-retaliatory grievance                   high-risk categories and geographies. We also             Looking forward
                                                                  mechanism, ‘Speak Up’, is accessible to all                developed an enhanced diligence programme that            We will build on the foundations of FY26,
        39%                                                       individual workers in our supply chain
                                                                  
                                                                                                                             engages suppliers with online assessments,                continuing our collaboration with suppliers to drive
        of corrective action plans have been raised                   Read more about business integrity on pages 44 to 45   onsite audits and capability building to mitigate the     improvements in human rights practices and
        and addressed with suppliers                                                                                         risks.                                                    protect those that work for us in our supply chain.
                                                                  We embed human rights into sourcing and                    Our improved supplier audit and monitoring                We also plan to host an in-person supplier forum
    Notes:
    1. Strategic suppliers are defined as those that have a       contractual practices. We take a risk-based                programme increased coverage of social audits,            for our high-risk suppliers in our African markets to
       direct relationship with us and account for 80% of our     approach to identify modern slavery risks before           prioritising sectors and regions with elevated            understand their challenges and develop
       spend. In FY26 there were 450 suppliers. The               engaging with new suppliers and monitor                    labour risks. The tracking of non-conformances            programmes and capabilities to enhance
       assessment is performed online using an independent        compliance during contract with our Code of                                                                          standards in the region. In parallel, we will review
       ESG tool to identify inherent risk based on geography,                                                                and corrective action plans was strengthened with
                                                                  Ethical Purchasing, which sets out the minimum             tighter timelines and collaboration with suppliers        our Code of Ethical purchasing and contract terms
       location and publicly available policy documents.
    2. Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the              requirements of suppliers based on international           to develop corrective actions where gaps are              and seek to align them with globally recognised
       International Labour Organisation Declaration on           standards2. When tendering, new suppliers are              identified,                                               best practices.
       Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

    
    50       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                     Governance                                 Financials                             Other information


         Maintaining Trust continued



                                                            Data privacy                                             The General Counsel and Company Secretary, a             We want to enable our customers to get the most
                                                            Strategy                                                 member of the Executive Committee, oversees the          out of our products and services. To provide these
                                                            Our global data privacy programme seeks to               global privacy programme. The Global Privacy             services, we need to use our customers’ personal
                                                            manage our customers’ personal data in a way             Officer reports to the Global Director of                information. We aim to protect our customers’ data
                                                            that respects their rights and supports them             Compliance and Business Integrity, an                    and only to use it for a stated and specific purpose.
                                                            making informed decisions regarding the use of           independent second line function responsible for         We only process employee personal data to
                                                            the personal data. We regularly engage with              monitoring Group compliance. The Global Privacy          support core employment activities such as
                                                            industry and policymakers to help shape data             Officer is responsible for monitoring the global         workforce administration, payroll, benefits and to
                                                            privacy standards.                                       privacy programme compliance across all markets          meet our legal regulatory obligations. We are
                                                                                                                    and provides regular reports to the General              always open about what data we collect, and why
                                                                  Click to watch our privacy experts summarise our
                                                                  approach to data privacy vodafone.com/videos
                                                                                                                     Counsel and Company Secretary, and an annual             we collect it. Our privacy programme governs how
                                                                                                                     update to the Audit and Risk Committee on the            we collect, use and manage personal data to
                                                            As data volumes continue to grow and regulatory          adequacy of our privacy programme.                       ensure we respect the confidentiality of
                                                            and customer scrutiny increases, it is important to                                                               communications and any choices made regarding
                                                            be clear on the privacy risks we face, as well as        Whilst each employee is responsible for protecting
                                                                                                                     personal data they are trusted with, accountability      the use of their data.
                                                            how our policies and programmes can mitigate
                                                            these. We categorise data privacy risk into three        for compliance sits with each operating company.         Each local market publishes a privacy statement to
                                                            main areas:                                              A member of the local executive committee                provide clear, transparent and relevant information
                                                                                                                     oversees the local implementation of our privacy         on how we collect and use personal data, what
                                                            Collection: collection of personal data without          programme. Each operating company also has a             choices are available regarding its use and how
                                                            permissions, or excessive collection of data;            dedicated privacy officer, legal advisers and other      individuals can exercise their rights. Our product
                                                            Access and use: use of personal data for                 privacy specialists. Local privacy officers report to    specific privacy notices include details relating to a
                                                            unauthorised purposes, excessive data retention,         the Global Privacy Officer throughout the year on        particular product. These statements and notices
                                                            or poor data quality; and                                the adequacy of privacy risk management for their        are available to individuals online, for example in
                                                                                                                     respective operating company.                            the MyVodafone app and in our retail stores.
                                                            Sharing: unauthorised disclosure of personal data,
                                                            including supplier non-compliance with the law or        The privacy leadership team approves new                 We provide our customers with access to their
                                                            our own policies.                                        standards and guidelines and monitors the                data through online and physical channels. These
                                                                                                                     implementation of global privacy plans. Operating        channels can be used to request deletion of data
                                                            To help us identify and manage the increasing            companies also maintain the necessary forums             that is no longer necessary, or for correcting
                                                            privacy risk landscape we regularly evaluate our         that bring together senior management from               outdated or incorrect data, or for data portability.
                                                            business strategy, new technologies, products and        relevant business functions and support functions
                                                            services as well as government policies and                                                                       Our customer privacy statements and other
                                                                                                                     to provide local oversight.
                                                            regulation. We also evaluate operational controls                                                                 customer-facing documents provide
                                                            to determine improvements to mitigate risk.              We are committed to the responsible handling of          comprehensive information on how these rights
                                                                                                                     personal data across our customers, workforce            can be exercised and how to raise complaints or
                                                            Our privacy management standards are based on            and broader stakeholder ecosystem. Our privacy           contact the relevant data protection authority. Our
                                                            the European Union General Data Protection               programme is based on the following principles:          frontline retail and customer support staff are
                                                            Regulation (‘GDPR’) and this is applied across           accountability, fairness and lawfulness, choice and      trained to respond to customer requests.
                                                            Vodafone markets both inside and outside the             access, security safeguards, privacy by design,          

                                                            European Economic Area. Our standards establish                                                                       Click to read more about our privacy policies
                                                                                                                     openness and honesty, responsible data                       vodafone.com/privacy
                                                            a common framework within which local data               management, and balance.
                                                            protection and privacy laws are respected and sets
                                                            a baseline for those markets where there are no
                                                            equivalent legal requirements.

         
                Strategic report                           Governance                                Financials                        Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            51


    Maintaining Trust continued


    Our robust, multi-channel permission                     All products, services and processes are subject        Our approach to responsible artificial intelligence       We aim to avoid any data breach or data misuse
    management approach has been deployed                    to privacy impact assessments as part of their          (‘AI’)                                                    resulting in material impacts. We have a strong
    across our channels (MyVodafone app, website,            development and throughout their life cycle. We         Our AI governance approach demonstrates our               culture of data privacy, and our assurance and
    call centres and retail stores) since 2018. This         maintain personal data processing records,              approach to engage with AI in an ethical and              monitoring activities are designed to identify
    approach allows our customers to control how             supplier privacy compliance, data breach                responsible manner for the benefit of customers,          potential issues before they materialise. However,
    we use their data for marketing and other                management and individual rights processes, and         employees, and society. The AI Governance                 our German operations were the subject of
    purposes at any time and the permissions are             internal and international data transfer compliance     Board is a senior steering group that defines             administrative fines imposed by the German data
    synchronised across our channels. For                    frameworks, as well as training and awareness           strategy and policy for AI and monitors its               protection authority and announced in June 2025.
    example, customers can:                                  programmes. We require every employee, and              execution. The board is chaired by the Vodafone           The regulator identified deficiencies relating to the
    Opt in for the processing of special categories          contractors, to complete our Doing What’s Right         Chief Technology Officer and is attended by the           oversight of certain external sales partner
    of data;                                                 (‘DWR’) privacy training within six weeks of            CEO of Vodafone Business, Group Commercial                agencies and weaknesses in customer
                                                             joining. In addition, they need to complete             Functions Director, Chief HR Officer, and the             authentication processes for online and telephone
    Choose what data we collect through the                  refresher courses in line with our annual learning      General Counsel and Company Secretary. We                 services. These matters were identified during
    MyVodafone app and how it is used;                       intervention cycle. We also have targeted training      have implemented key processes such as internal           regulatory reviews commencing in 2021, and
    Opt out from marketing across different                  for high-risk teams with a key role in personal data    risk assessments, created role specific training          remediation measures had already been initiated
    channels (call, SMS, notifications), or opt-in to        processing.                                             and formalised policies. We have implemented a            by Vodafone prior to the conclusion of the
    the use of their communications metadata for             In our supply chain, privacy and security               set of technical responsible AI guardrails to our         enforcement proceedings. As a result of the
    marketing purposes or for receiving third-party          requirements form a key part of our supplier            internal AI development platforms making sure             regulator’s findings, fines of €15 million and
    marketing messages; and                                  management processes. All suppliers go through          that there is a set of controls mitigating known risk     €30 million were imposed, which have been
                                                             a thorough onboarding process to verify their           domains for a wide variety of AI applications.            accepted and paid in full. We also incurred fines in
    Opt out from the use of anonymised network                                                                                                                                 Greece, Türkiye and Romania totalling less than
    and location data (‘Vodafone Analytics’).                adherence to these requirements, with                   We have also contributed to the development and
                                                             appropriate data protection measures and                launch of the GSMA Responsible AI Maturity                €1 million in connection with local data protection
    We have an experienced team of privacy                   continuous monitoring agreed.                           Roadmap and is a standing member of the GSMA              and regulatory compliance matters, reflecting
    specialists dedicated to ensuring compliance                                                                     Responsible AI working group. We have also                differing regulatory frameworks and enforcement
    with data protection laws and our policies in the        We have dedicated standards and monitoring                                                                        practices across markets.
                                                             (covering both internal process implementation          signed up to the AI Pact, an initiative set up by
    countries where we operate.                                                                                      European Commission through the European AI               Looking Forward
                                                             effectiveness and reference external cases) to
    Our privacy controls frameworks are subject to           prevent, identify, contain, and report incidents with   Office.                                                   As a privacy-centric organisation, we continuously
    periodic review and risk based evaluation to             lessons learnt to all internal and external             This Year                                                 monitor legal and regulatory developments,
    identify and implement areas for improvement.            stakeholders as necessary.                              We aim to achieve a 90% completion rate on both           alongside evolving customer expectations, to
                                                                                                                     generic (DWR) and specific (high risk role)               ensure our privacy programme delivers the
    We have a clear process for managing privacy             The effectiveness of control implementation is
                                                                                                                     trainings for all target groups across our global         strongest possible outcomes. We plan to focus is
    risks across the data life cycle, and teams from         subject to quarterly reporting and second line
                                                                                                                     footprint. In FY26, 97% of assigned employees             on leveraging our global processes to embed
    across Vodafone ensure end-to-end coverage.              assurance, as well as internal audit. Control
                                                                                                                     completed DWR or more specific privacy training.          privacy through technology-enabled solutions and
    Dedicated security teams are tasked with                 implementation is also reviewed by local market                                                                   dynamic, scalable ways of working. For example,
    applying appropriate technical and                       CEOs, the Group Risk and Compliance                     We held a global privacy governance forum to              we are undertaking a review of our global control
    organisational information security measures to          Committee and the Audit and Risk Committee.             highlight key achievements across markets and to          environment with the aim of optimising key
    protect personal data against unauthorised               Any findings are subject to remedial actions by the     discuss the future of the privacy programme with          controls and generating meaningful, measurable
    access, disclosure, loss or use during transit           responsible control operator, and their completion      a key focus on strategic optimisation.                    benefits for our employees, customers and wider
    and at rest.                                             is monitored.
                                                                                                                    We are committed to improvement of compliance             stakeholder community.
        Read more about cyber security on pages 52 to 56                                                             by our customer operations teams through
                                                                                                                     enhancement of customer authentication
                                                                                                                     mechanisms and enforcing consent where
                                                                                                                     appropriate in our customer communications.

    
    52    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            Strategic report                    Governance                            Financials                      Other information


         Maintaining Trust continued



                                                         Cyber                                             Secure connectivity & network defence:              cyber risk across the Group, define and
                                                         Strategy                                          Secure by design and resilient connectivity         evaluate security controls, and manage
                                                         Our cyber security strategy and global            for customers across our fixed and mobile           information security certifications.
                                                         operating model are designed to deliver our       networks, fintech platforms, digital channels
                                                                                                           and all services.                                   The Strategy and Architecture team define
                                                         vision and goals, and form part of our wider
                                                                                                                                                               our cyber strategy, aligned to the technology
                                                         Company strategy. Cyber security remains a
                                                                                                           Dynamic trust: Identity, access and insider         and company strategies. They lead IT and
                                                         Board level priority.
                                                                                                           controls that provide access aligned to role,       security architecture to deliver secure,
                                                         The strategy and operating model are based        timing and need across people, systems and          resilient and efficient platforms.
                                                         on an understanding that cyber risk is volatile   agents.
                                                                                                                                                               The Secure by Design, Investments &
                                                         and attacks will sometimes be successful.
                                                                                                           Real-time threat protection: Visibility through     Supplier team implement security and
                                                         Good cyber security requires persistent and
                                                                                                           global telemetry and operations enable rapid        privacy by design across all products and
                                                         continuous effort.
                                                                                                           detection and response. Our people are              services. They manage cyber risk in partner
                                                         Our refreshed cyber strategy builds on our        enabled by responsible AI and automation.           markets, acquisitions and divestments, and
                                                         security foundations and strategic initiatives,                                                       identify and reduce supplier risk.
                                                                                                           Supply chain and ecosystem security:
                                                         with an emphasis on resilience and
                                                                                                           Security by default and embedded simplified         The Cyber Prevent team build, maintain and
                                                         collaboration in an increasingly unpredictable
                                                                                                           security standards across the supplier and          operate our global security platforms, driving
                                                         world. The strategy takes account of future
                                                                                                           partner ecosystem.                                  continuous improvement.
                                                         threats and changes in technology so it
                                                         remains fit for purpose over the next five        People, capability & cyber culture:                 The Cyber Defence team gather threat
                                                         years and beyond.                                 Accountability and training deliver a               intelligence and perform security testing.
                                                                                                           company-security culture. A globally aligned,       They detect events and attacks through 24/7
                                                         We are committed to building and
                                                                                                           highly skilled and technically enabled cyber        monitoring and respond to incidents to
                                                         maintaining customer trust against a
                                                                                                           capability.                                         minimise impact on business and customers.
                                                         backdrop of an increasingly uncertain and
                                                         volatile threat landscape. We cannot control      Cyber resilience: Risk-led readiness to             We have cyber teams in each operating
                                                         all threats, but we can prepare for them and      withstand changing threats and minimise             company. They are responsible for managing
                                                         minimise their impact through cyber               impact to customers and services.                   and embedding cyber security locally,
                                                         resilience. We view cyber resilience as our                                                           including meeting local cyber regulatory and
                                                         ability to anticipate, withstand, recover and     We continue to review and evolve our
                                                                                                                                                               compliance requirements.
                                                         adapt to unexpected and severe cyber              strategy. Each year we define and
                                                         events.                                           communicate priorities for a three-year             We augment our internal capabilities with
                                                                                                           period, so all areas of our business are clear      third-party specialist technical expertise,
                                                         Our strategy is guided by four ambitions;         on the investment priorities for security. We       such as digital forensics, red teaming and
                                                         embed security and resilience by design in        track progress against these priorities.            penetration testing. We use specialist
                                                         all that we do; anticipate and reduce critical                                                        resources to perform testing of our
                                                         cyber risks; effective security at pace; and      Operating model
                                                                                                                                                               telecommunications networks. We also use
                                                         build a trusted and resilient ecosystem for       We have implemented a globally consistent
                                                                                                                                                               qualified external resources to help during
                                                         customers, partners and society.                  cyber security operating model that is based
                                                                                                                                                               the implementation of projects.
                                                                                                           on the leading industry security standards
                                                         We are delivering the strategy through seven      published by the US National Institute of           Our scale means we benefit from global
                                                         pillars. Together, these enable customer trust    Standards and Technology (‘NIST’). The              collaboration, technology sharing and deep
                                                         in our products and services, deliver our         model is designed to reduce risk by                 expertise, and ultimately have greater
                                                         vision of a secure and resilient connected        constantly identifying threats, protecting,         visibility of emerging threats. An example
                                                         future for everyone, and guide company-wide       defending and improving our security. The           would be our global security operations
                                                         changes.                                          model brings together our local capabilities        centre that takes inputs and telemetry from
                                                  across Europe and Africa with global            all markets where we operate to provide
    Adaptive and accelerated cyber health:
                                                  resources organised in five functional teams.   global visibility.
    Sustaining cyber health with an accelerated                                                   
                                                  Our in-house international team has over 900
    pace of protection, detection and response.                                                       Click to listen to our experts summarise our approach to
                                                  employees.                                          cyber security at vodafone.com/videos
    Adapting to volatile risks, enabling new
    technology and meeting changing               The Governance, Risk and Control team set
    regulations.                                  policies and standards, oversee and
                                                 measure our
                                                  



              Strategic report                           Governance                              Financials                       Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              53


    Maintaining Trust continued


    Governance                                             standards, monitors and oversees cyber risk and       faced with a unique set of risks as we provide             Insider: Our employees may accidentally leak
    The Chief Technology Officer (‘CTO’) and Chief         threat.                                               connectivity services and handle private                   information or maliciously misuse their privileges
    Network Officer (‘CNO’) are the Executive              Regular management reporting is provided to the       communication data.                                        to steal confidential data or to cause disruption. In
    Committee (‘ExCo’) members accountable for             Technology Leadership Team and ExCo. This is          A successful cyber attack could cause serious              addition, external attacks increasingly resemble
    managing the risks associated with cyber               supplemented by control status reports that track     harm to our customers, including unavailability of         insider activity following credential theft. Agentic AI
    threats and information security. The Cyber            targets and are discussed in regular meetings with    services or a data breach leading to disclosure or         will further blur boundaries.
    Security, IT Architecture, Data & Analytics and        local market leadership teams.                        misuse of customer personal data. The                      Supply chain: We use a range of third-party
    Technology Strategy (‘Cyber’) Director is                                                                    consequences could include, but are not limited            service providers to support our operations.
    responsible for managing and overseeing cyber          We produce dashboards of key risk indicators
                                                           (‘KRIs’) for our most important controls. Examples    to, exposure to contractual liability, litigation,         Although we mandate security requirements
    security across Vodafone and reports to the                                                                  regulatory action, or damage to the company’s              contractually and undertake continuing oversight,
    CTO.                                                   of KRIs include results of independent network
                                                           testing by third parties, vulnerability management,   reputation and brand and loss of market share. In          a cyber incident affecting a supplier could cause
    The Cyber Director has led cyber security in           patching, hardening and endpoint security status,     the worst case, the cyber security incident could          services to be unavailable or enable a data
    Vodafone since 2015. Prior to joining Vodafone,        network controls and incident metrics. This           cause material impact.                                     breach to occur.
    the Cyber Director was chief security officer at a     reporting provides a detailed view of risk            There is increasing regulatory focus on                    We conduct regular reviews of the most significant
    large UK bank, after previously holding security       reduction. If markets are consistently not            telecommunications providers to improve their              security risks affecting our business and develop
    and technology audit leadership roles in               achieving targets, they are expected to have plans    cyber security practices. We are subject to GDPR           strategies and policies to detect, prevent and
    financial services and the UK postal service.          in place to remediate . We continue to expand our     and equivalent legislation in many countries in            respond to them. Our cyber security strategy
    The global cyber leadership team reporting to          KRI coverage to provide timely, accurate and          which we operate. In addition, there are local and         focuses on minimising the risk of cyber incidents
    the Cyber Director consists of the leaders of          comprehensive reporting.                              regional laws and regulations which impact cyber           that affect our networks and services. When
    global cyber security functions, European and                                                                security, for example the Telecommunications               incidents do occur, we identify the root causes
                                                           Board
    African markets, and Group functions. This                                                                   Security Act in the UK and Network & Information           and use them to improve our controls and
                                                           The Group Audit and Risk Committee (‘ARC’) is
    leadership team is responsible for directing,                                                                Security 2 (‘NIS2’) and the Digital Operational            procedures.
                                                           the responsible Board committee for the oversight
    managing and reducing cyber risk across                                                                      Resilience Act (‘DORA’) in the EU. A cyber
                                                           and effective governance of the Group’s                                                                          Cyber security risk is aligned with our global
    Vodafone. Market and regional cyber security                                                                 incident may lead to regulatory fines and other
                                                           management of cyber security risks. The                                                                          enterprise risk management framework. The most
    leaders are also part of their local management                                                              enforcement activities if deemed to be due to
                                                           Committee receives updates from Internal Audit                                                                   important risks to the company are referred to as
    teams, with a dotted matrix reporting line to                                                                inadequate security. Measures to meet these laws
                                                           throughout the year. The ARC reviews the risk                                                                    principal risks, of which Cyber risk is one. The risk
    local chief information officers. Leadership team                                                            and regulations will also result in increased
                                                           tolerance, risk position and mitigating actions for                                                              owner produces a formal line of sight document
    members have significant cyber security and                                                                  compliance costs.
                                                           the Group’s principal and emerging risks,                                                                        that describes the risk, the risk tolerance, current
    technology risk experience across business
                                                           including cyber threat.                               We dedicate significant resources to reducing              position against tolerance, controls and actions to
    sectors including telecommunications, financial
                                                           In addition, the Committee reviews cyber risk         cyber security risks, however due to the nature of         move to tolerance if required. Second line
    services and professional services.
                                                           based on deep dive papers and presentations           the threats, we cannot provide absolute security           assurance and third line audit information is also
    Cyber security risk is overseen and monitored          from the CTO and Cyber Director. The papers           and some cyber security incidents will occur.              included in the document.
    by a number of senior level committees. These          typically include threat landscape, incidents,        Risk and threat management are fundamental to              The global Cyber and Information Security policy
    include the Group Risk and Compliance                  security position, residual risk, strategy and        maintaining the security of our services across            sets out overall objectives, roles and
    Committee, chaired by the Chief Financial              programme progress across the Company. Cyber          every aspect of our business. We separate cyber            responsibilities that apply to all Vodafone-
    Officer; and the Technology Audit and Risk             security is also discussed at the Board Technology    security risk into three main areas of risk.               controlled entities. The policy is approved annually
    Committee, chaired by Finance and led by               Committee which assists the Board by overseeing                                                                  by the CTO.
    Internal Audit. The Cyber Director attends both                                                              External: A wide variety of attackers, including
                                                           how technology underpins company strategy.            criminals and state-backed groups, target our              Each underlying security area has a supporting
    of those committees to provide updates as
    required.                                              Risk management                                       networks, systems and people using a range of              global standard document that defines detailed
                                                           Cyber attacks are part of the technology              techniques. They seek to gain unauthorised                 control objectives. The global standards are
    Operational risk governance is provided by a           landscape today and will be in the future. All        access to steal or manipulate data or disrupt our          underpinned by a layer of technical security
    quarterly Cyber Risk Council meeting, chaired          organisations, governments and people are             services. Geopolitical factors also increase the           standards which provide more detailed
    by the Head of Cyber Governance Risk and               subject to cyber attacks and some will be             threat of an external attack.                              specifications to aid control implementation.
    Control, and attended by senior cyber security         successful. The telecommunications industry is        

    leaders. The meeting reviews and approves
    cyber policies and

    
    54       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                           Governance                                   Financials                          Other information


         Maintaining Trust continued


         




         Security controls and procedures define the          We are in progress to automate the capture and          security requirements where applicable. All                   telecommunications companies. We engage in
         requirements which allow our policies to be met.     reporting of KRI data from source systems. This         systems going live are independently penetration              cross-industry collaboration through the European
         These controls and procedures are designed to        reduces manual effort, is more timely and accurate      tested and regular follow-up testing is done on a             Round Table of large European based companies,
         prevent, detect or respond to threats. Most risks    and provides stronger assurance of effectiveness.       risk basis. An internal team performs some of the             where we chair the CISO committee.
         and threats are prevented from occ^urring and        We plan to complete the automation of all controls      testing, and we engage third party testers where              Cyber security is increasingly integral to national
         we expect most will be detected before they          for which KRIs can be defined over the next two         appropriate. Across Vodafone, we complete over                security strategies. We collaborate with
         cause harm and need a response.                      years.                                                  1,000 penetration tests every year.                           governments and national cyber security bodies
         We use a global methodology for cyber security       We have created a risk quantification model based       As well as monitoring control effectiveness within            including the UK National Cyber Security Centre
         risk management which we call the Cyber              on threats, control effectiveness and incident data.    Vodafone, we oversee the cyber security of our                and the German Federal Office for Information
         Health and Adaptive Risk Method or CHARM.            We used this model with our internal insurance          suppliers and third parties. Controls and                     Security on topics such as sharing intelligence,
         The targeted goals of this approach include:         team to estimate losses in various scenarios as         procedures are embedded in the supplier lifecycle             engaging on emerging risks and contributing to
         Cyber Health: providing a continuous view of         part of annual planning to obtain cyber insurance       to set requirements, assess risk and monitor each             collective resilience. The Cyber Director is an
         security based on automated key risk indicators      cover. We are exploring future use cases to             supplier’s security performance. At supplier                  appointed member on the National Cyber Advisory
         (‘KRIs’);                                            increase the value we can obtain from the model.        onboarding, minimum security requirements are                 Board in the UK.
                                                              In addition to this top-down process of risk            written into contracts, and we determine the                  We actively engage in security standards working
         Adaptive: our framework responds to changing                                                                 inherent risk of the supplier based on the service
                                                              identification and mitigation, we identify individual                                                                 groups such as the OpenRAN Alliance and GSMA
         threats, technology evolution and regulation; and                                                            they are providing. We then assess their controls
                                                              cyber risks at the product or system level, for                                                                       Fraud and Security Group. We have a research
         Risk Method: managing and quantifying risk to        example through our Secure by Design process,           using a questionnaire to understand the residual              programme working on security topics with the
         provide better decision-making and prioritisation.   operational activities, scanning and monitoring, or     risk, which informs the frequency of review from              German Federal Ministry of Education &
                                                              through an incident. Risks are evaluated on a           annual to every three years. We follow up on open             Research, for example on securing future
         This approach is focused on risk and threats and                                                             actions and ensure any security incidents are
         underpinned by a structured control framework        common impact and likelihood scale, mitigating                                                                        generations of mobile technology.
                                                              actions are agreed and captured in a risk register.     tracked and managed.
         and common targets for control effectiveness                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                    Awareness & training
         across all our markets and entities.                 Any high risks identified through these processes            Read more about our approach to Responsible supply
                                                                                                                           chain on page 48                                         Our cyber security awareness approach is to
         Effectiveness is based on the completeness of        require senior management oversight and
                                                                                                                                                                                    educate our employees to protect themselves and
         the control implementation and coverage of the       agreement of mitigating actions.                        Cyber insurance is an important part of our risk              our customers from cyber threats. Cyber security
         relevant assets. Cyber security controls need to     A dedicated technology assurance team reviews           management and mitigation approach. Vodafone                  training is mandatory for all employees. The
         be continuously evolved and enhanced to              and validates the effectiveness of our cyber            holds cyber liability insurance alongside business            training module is designed by the cyber security
         mitigate risks and threats, Each year we set new     security controls, and our control environment is       interruption and professional indemnity policies.             team to inform employees of key threats and how
         annual targets, progress against the targets is      subject to regular internal audits. We test the         Should a serious cyber event occur, we could                  to avoid them. The corporate security function lead
         monitored and reported quarterly to the senior       security of our mobile networks annually using a        recover the costs in whole or in part through these           on all employee security training and they deliver
         leadership in each market and Group.                 specialist testing company, they also benchmark         policies.                                                     the programme and materials. If the employee fails
         We update our framework with changes,                our security against other telecommunications           Industry and government collaboration                         the knowledge check which is part of the training,
         including any necessary new controls. The            operators. This provides assurance that we are          We actively engage with stakeholders across                   they are required to retake the full cyber security
         control framework will continue to evolve based      maintaining high standards and our                      industry, including regulators, standard-setting              training module. A training manual has been
         on changing threats, technology developments,        telecommunications controls are operating               bodies and governments. Collaboration is vital to             produced for non-employees, so they also receive
         our strategic and business priorities, and           effectively. We have also appointed external            protect our organisation and workforce, build safe            the same level of awareness. Training on cyber
         regulation.                                          specialists to perform testing on our security          online and digital spaces for customers and                   security is also included in our induction process
                                                              controls (‘red teaming’) to uncover any areas for       society, and respond to threats. We use our                   for new employees. We track completion rates to
         To adapt to the changing threat landscape, we        improvement. We maintain externally audited                                                                           ensure every employee completes the mandatory
                                                                                                                      expertise and experience to help improve cyber
         have defined threat and risk scenarios. The          information security certifications, including ISO                                                                    training.
                                                                                                                      security practice. We contribute to public policy,
         threats and associated attack techniques are         27001, which cover our global technology function                                                                     
                                                                                                                      technical standards, information sharing, risk                    Read more about our approach to mandatory Doing
         mapped to the controls that most significantly       and 11 local markets. An additional market is           assessment, and governance. Within our sector                     What’s Right training on page 44
         reduce risk, allowing gaps to be highlighted.        currently undergoing recertification. Our markets       we collaborate with European and international
                                                              also aim to comply with national information

         
             Strategic report                       Governance                           Financials                     Other information             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026     55


    Maintaining Trust continued



    Cyber security training is reinforced by          Cyber operations and incidents                    We classify security incidents on a scale           together security leaders across industry
    regular digital communications via our            An important part of our operating model is       according to severity, measured by potential        and government.
    internal social media platform, videos and        to gather intelligence and insights in order to   business and customer impact. The highest
    webinars. When new threats arise or               assess threats and drive action. Our cyber        severity category of event is called Severity       We made progress across our cyber
    become more prevalent we provide                  security team use industry and external           0 down to the lowest Severity 4. Severity 0         strategy, including refreshing policies;
    targeted advice. Examples include                 analysis to help shape our controls and           corresponds to a potentially significant data       implementing Key Risk Indicators for
    reminders on the use of multi-factor              procedures, and drive actions. When               breach or loss of service caused by the             security controls; launching a new supplier
    authentication, and how to avoid social           specific vendor or new high impact                incident. If a Severity 0 incident occurs, we       security schedule and simplified
    engineering.                                      vulnerabilities are reported, we drive global     notify the ExCo, the Board and external             requirements; and refreshing our strategy
                                                      remediation across Vodafone.                      auditors and provide regular updates to all. A      with a focus on resilience. We also
    We perform quarterly phishing simulations                                                                                                               increased the use of automation and AI,
                                                                                                        crisis group is formed composed of relevant
    across all markets and Group functions to         As a global connectivity provider, we see a                                                           delivering more operational efficiency and
                                                                                                        senior leaders who oversee the response.
    raise awareness and train employees.              range of cyber threats. We have visibility of                                                         automated response.
    Those who click on the link in the phishing       these threats through our global telemetry.       Vodafone is in scope of the SEC
    message or share their credentials receive        We use our layers of controls to identify and     cybersecurity rule for incident disclosure and      Vodafone Germany launched a new Cyber
    immediate training.                               mitigate threats in order to reduce business      reporting. We have updated our incident             Security Centre in Düsseldorf, aiming to
                                                      or customer impact.                               management process to include the relevant          support and protect SMEs in the digital
    NIS2 requires additional security role-                                                                                                                 world. The Centre will employ more than 100
                                                                                                        disclosure steps should a material incident
    specific training. We are developing such         We operate a single global security                                                                   security experts, working around the clock to
                                                                                                        occur. Where applicable we have expanded
    training aimed at roles designated as             operations capability. We handle billions of                                                          protect, monitor, analyse and resolve cyber
                                                                                                        these cyber security disclosures in response
    higher risk, that will be launched next year.     events and logs from sensors across our                                                               security issues for companies throughout the
                                                                                                        to the reporting requirements.
                                                      footprint, detecting potential threats and                                                            country.
    We enable employees in our cyber teams
                                                      events. Low severity issues are dealt with        In the event of a Severity 0 incident, the
    to maintain and grow their skills to better                                                                                                             We have continued to organise cyber
                                                      quickly, for example by malware                   crisis group would decide whether a
    protect our customers. Our company                                                                                                                      incident simulations for local ExCos.
                                                      containment or isolating an individual            recommendation to the Disclosure
    learning platform hosts cyber training on                                                                                                               Covering five markets this year. This provide
                                                      device. More significant events are triaged to    Committee (composed of the CFO and
    technical topics, platforms and                                                                                                                         CEOs and their teams a realistic experience
                                                      our 24/7 incident management and                  General Counsel, and other senior
    frameworks. Employees can study                                                                                                                         of managing a cyber incident and exercising
                                                      response team.                                    management) is warranted. The Committee
    towards recognised information security                                                                                                                 their responsibilities.
                                                                                                        would decide if a market disclosure is
    and cyber certifications aligned to their         When a security incident occurs, we have a
                                                                                                        necessary for materiality reasons, that would       Cyber risk remains a standing topic for
    learning plans.                                   consistent incident management framework
                                                                                                        also trigger disclosure to the SEC.                 senior leadership. Cyber topics were
                                                      to manage our response and recovery. The
    We organise regular Cyber Connect                                                                                                                       covered three times at Board-level
                                                      focus of our incident responders is always        When incidents are closed, we complete a
    events for our entire global cyber security                                                                                                             committees during the year.
                                                      fast risk mitigation and customer security.       post-incident review to learn the lessons
    team. These events include a recap of our
                                                                                                        from the incident, including the root cause         People and culture are central to our cyber
    strategy and achievements, messages               In the event of a cyber breach we disclose it
                                                                                                        and any improvements needed.                        capability, We set targets and track diversity
    from senior leadership, external industry         to the relevant authorities according to local
    speakers, collaborative breakout groups           or regional regulations and laws. This may        This Year                                           and inclusion measures. We recognise deep
    and technical track sessions to learn about       include law enforcement as well as                We evolved our organisation to better               technical expertise through our Technical
    cyber topics and best practice. We use            regulators. Risk assessment of the threat         support our security ambitions. This included       Career Path, with several cyber specialists
    technology to enable a hybrid experience          actor, incident nature and potential impact to    embedding Privacy engineering to create a           ratified.
with some attending in offices and some                 customers is important to determine the         Security and Privacy by design capability,   During the year no cyber incident met the
remote.                                                 approach to disclosure. The European            and bringing together IT and security        threshold for disclosure to the SEC. About
                                                        Union’s GDPR provides a framework for           architecture to provide consistency across   one-third of incidents we managed were in
The Vodafone Cyber Code has been
                                                        notifying customers in the event there is a     our systems.                                 our supply chain. Ransomware and extortion
designed to simplify and explain basic
                                                        loss of customer data because of a data                                                      attacks were the most prevalent in the
security controls and procedures to all                                                                 We continue to build strong partnerships
                                                        breach, and this framework is a baseline                                                     supply chain.
employees. The Cyber Code is part of our                                                                across industry and government. One of the
                                                        across all our markets. Our data privacy
company Code of Conduct and is the                                                                      cyber leadership team was appointed to the   Third party companies producing third party
                                                        officers are a key part of the response where
cornerstone of how we expect all                                                                        ENISA Advisory Group. In the UK we           software developer packages have been
                                                        incidents impact personal data. We will also
employees to behave when it comes to                                                                    co-hosted an industry and government         attacked. In March, we identified that one of
                                                        make a market disclosure according to US
best practice in cyber security. It consists                                                            workshop on post-quantum cryptography        these compromised third party software
                                                        Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
of seven areas where employees must                                                                     migration, bringing                          packages was used to gain unauthorised
                                                        requirements if the relevant materiality
follow good security practice.                                                                                                                       access to some Vodafone Business code

                                                        threshold is met.
    Click to read more about Vodafone’s Cyber Code in
                                                                                                                                                     repositories. The impact
    our Code of Conduct: vodafone.com/code-of-
    conduct




    56    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                    Governance                           Financials                          Other information


         Maintaining Trust continued



         of the attack was limited access to source        Governments are also responding to                implementing and testing the necessary             complete migration by 2035. Through our
         code, which was contained and                     increasing cyber threats with new security        security controls and procedures.                  joint research with IBM, we have developed
         investigated at the time. We did not identify     regulations, recognising that                                                                        a risk-based approach to mitigate the risks of
         any impact to customer personal data or           telecommunications operators provide critical     Every new mobile network generation has
                                                                                                                                                                existing cryptography. We are identifying
         production systems.                               national infrastructure. We engage with           brought increased performance and
                                                                                                                                                                where we are using cryptography that is
                                                           governments and industry partners to              capability, along with new opportunities in
                                                                                                                                                                potentially vulnerable to attack from quantum
         Generally we see that the most common                                                               security. As we deploy 5G core networks
                                                           promote proportionate, risk-based and cost-                                                          computers, defining supplier requirements
         root causes are exploitation of                                                                     alongside our 5G radio networks, often
                                                           effective solutions to security threats. We                                                          and developing the ability to update our
         vulnerabilities and user account                                                                    described as 5G Standalone, we have
                                                           look to establish shared approaches to                                                               cryptography when new threats emerge. We
         compromise. The pace of vulnerability                                                               updated our security standards to implement
                                                           reinforce standardisation and regulatory                                                             have set up a long-term Quantum Safe
         exploitation post-release is rapid.                                                                 the latest 5G features.
                                                           frameworks that apply equally to all market                                                          programme and have planned migration
         Looking Ahead                                     participants.                                     Open RAN is a new way of building and              activities in the next year in collaboration with
         The threat landscape continues to be                                                                managing radio access network (‘RAN’)              our suppliers. We co-chairs the
                                                           In the UK, we are implementing the
         volatile across all sectors, with wide-                                                             components within telecommunication                telecommunications industry-wide task force
                                                           provisions of the Telecommunications
         ranging threat actors.                                                                              infrastructure. Instead of purchasing all the      on this issue.
                                                           Security Act which sets detailed security
                                                           requirements for UK network operators and         components from one supplier, we use
         Geopolitical instability, conflict and tensions                                                                                                        We are committed to Responsible AI – AI
                                                           their suppliers. In Europe, we are                hardware and software components from
         are leading to an increase in cyber threats.                                                                                                           that is ethical, lawful, trustworthy and safe.
                                                           implementing key provisions of NIS2 based         multiple vendors and integrate these via
         Telecommunications companies continue                                                                                                                  Our AI requirements mandate risk
                                                           on transposition of the directive into local      open interfaces. Over time, this will create a
         to be the target of state-backed actors,                                                                                                               assessment, designing for transparency, lack
                                                           laws. We are also responding to DORA              more competitive landscape for
         often to conduct government oriented or                                                                                                                of bias and providing the right degree of
                                                           requirements from our financial services          telecommunications equipment. We continue
         general espionage. Cross-industry and                                                                                                                  human oversight of results. If the AI model
                                                           customers. We continue to monitor future EU       to collaborate with other players in the Open
         government collaboration is a key part of                                                                                                              could have a high impact on people, we
                                                           regulations and directives including the          RAN ecosystem to improve security through
         mitigating the evolving cyber threats.                                                                                                                 require human input on the final decision. .
                                                           forthcoming Cyber Resilience Act which aims       the O-RAN Alliance and bi-annual                   
         Ransomware and data extortion attacks
                                                           to ensure that all digital products and           benchmarking of vendors.                               Read more about AI governance on page 51
         are common to companies of all sizes. We
         can see from public reporting that some           services fulfil basic security requirements,      We are expanding our Open RAN sites into           Our cyber security approach seeks to
         companies are paying ransoms,                     and the Cyber Security Act which will impact      Germany and increasing the speed of                balance the opportunities and security risks
         perpetuating the threat.                          how we manage suppliers and cross-EU              deployment through automation. The                 associated with AI. We work with strategic
                                                           certifications.                                   operation of the sites will be optimised by        partners to leverage AI that is embedded into
         Attackers are increasingly trying to log in,
                                                           Particularly in Europe, governments,              enabling power management and traffic              products. We apply governance and security
         rather than hack in. So-called Living off the
                                                           regulators and customers will expect              steering that increase their performance and       controls to the use of AI proportionate to the
         Land attacks rely on the same techniques
                                                           companies to demonstrate control over             reduce operating cost.                             associated risks, and monitor for emerging
         used to manage access systems that are
         used widely by everyone. Detection of             where data is stored, who can access it and       As satellite communications play an                threats, including the misuse of AI by
         these attacks is more challenging. Social         under which legal jurisdictions it is governed.   increasingly important role in our networks,       malicious actors.
         engineering methods are a common                  This is referred to as sovereignty. There is a    we are embedding cyber security from the           We enable our workforce to access AI
         means for attackers to gain access. New           balance to be struck between national             beginning. Satellites are used to connect          through controlled access to LLMs from our
         technologies such as AI are enhancing             sovereignty and the ability to defend against     base stations to the network where traditional     technology partners. We provide training
         techniques such as voice phishing and             global threats that do not respect borders. As    connectivity is difficult or uneconomical, and     including online sessions and self-help
         deepfakes. Harvested credentials continue         new regulatory requirements evolve, we are        direct to device to provide coverage where         materials to accelerate AI usage, while
         to be sought and shared by threat actors.         well positioned with a pan-European and           base stations cannot be deployed. These            continuing to restrict access to public LLMs
         Attackers can target executives following         African security capability, including Europe-    services are assessed and validated that           and remind employees that confidential data
         media announcements and public                    based security operations.                        they meet security requirements set by             must not be shared with public AI services.
                                                                                                                                             ust ot be s a ed    t pub c     se   ces
reporting.                                                                                   standards groups, and our own policies and
                                              Technology evolution                                                                          We are using AI to enhance our security. An
                                                                                             standards.
The speed of vulnerability exploitation is    We are adopting new technologies to better                                                    example is augmenting our security
fast and common. We have seen                 serve our customers and gain operational       We continue to prepare for a time when         operations capabilities using AI-enabled
continued attacks against our suppliers,      efficiency. For every technology programme     quantum computers able to break certain        detection rules and AI-assisted compromise
and expect this trend to continue. To         we follow our Secure by Design process,        cryptography are available at scale.           assessments. These will evolve towards
respond to the heightened cyber threat        evaluating suppliers’ hardware and software,   Governments have published                     agentic AI workflows and ultimately
landscape we are investing in further         modelling threats and understanding the        recommendations for post-quantum               autonomous detection and response.
strengthening the security of our networks,   risks before designing,                        cryptography migration for high priority use
                                              
cloud-based systems, AI and detection and                                                    cases, and to
response capability.


           Strategic report       Governance                               Financials                        Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             57


    Maintaining Trust continued



                                    Network and IT resilience                              This Year                                                  Group-wide quality reviews and deep-dive
                                    Network and IT resilience remain a core priority as    Our teams have followed the resilience-by-design           assessments across multiple markets have
                                    our services become increasingly essential for         principle, embedding resilience into the design of         strengthened alignment with our standards and
                                    consumers, businesses, and governments.                all solutions. At the same time, we have carefully         supported ongoing enhancements in recovery
                                                                                           safeguarded the services in place, so that any             planning. We maintained robust incident
                                    Strategy                                               modifications do not compromise the resilience             management practices and effective oversight of
                                    Our group-wide technology policies set out the         levels we have achieved. In addition, we                   third party service providers. While key resilience
                                    critical services in scope, recovery objectives, and   dedicated time to testing recovery solutions,              capabilities are well established, a structured risk
                                    governance framework. Service level targets            confirming that each single-function recovery              remediation process is in place to drive further
                                    define the maximum time to restore services and        behaved as expected.                                       improvements.
                                    support alignment of architectural designs with our
                                    standards.                                             Recent weather events and energy supply                    In Africa, the theft of copper, batteries and fuel
                                                                                           volatility underscored the need to sustain                 continues to pose operational challenges, driven
                                    We continuously measure and monitor system             essential services during prolonged power                  in part by growth in commodity and fuel prices.
                                    availability across mobile, fixed, IT, and payment     outages. When the Iberian Peninsula blackout               These incidents disrupt network sites and
                                    platforms. We take proactive actions to identify       happened in April 2025, we immediately                     increase restoration requirements. To mitigate this
                                    and mitigate issues, reinforcing recovery discipline   responded to maintain operational services and             risk, Vodacom has strengthened site protection
                                    and embedding resilience by design.                    have taken broader insights to inform our                  through enhanced surveillance and closer
                                    Our approach is guided by the principles of            approach. Core network sites already have a high           collaboration with private security partners.
                                    prevention, detection and reaction, supporting         level of protection, but to enhance our overall            Looking Ahead
                                    early identification of risks and swift response       resilience we are increasing battery backup                Resilience remains a strategic priority as climate,
                                    when events occur. We apply recognised industry        capabilities in selected sites covering critical areas     geopolitical, and technology landscapes continue
                                    best practices for service management, and             and strengthening our operational procedures.              to evolve. In the year ahead, we will continue
                                    design modern services in line with high               Additionally, we continue to evaluate new ways to          strengthening power resilience across high
                                    availability guidelines.                               extend site survivability during power outages by          criticality sites, while scaling the use of automation
                                                                                           implementing new power-saving modes.                       and AI to enhance predictive monitoring and self
                                    We reduce the risk of subsea cable disruption
                                                                                           Automation is being explored to reduce                     healing capabilities. We will also deepen
                                    through diversified routes, strategically located
                                                                                           intervention time, improve operational efficiency,         resilience by design across network
                                    landing stations, and investment in major systems
                                                                                           and maximise the available backup power to                 modernisation and IT transformation programmes,
                                    like 2Africa, a global subsea fibre optic cable
                                                                                           support more resilient and reliable network                so that recovery requirements are embedded
                                    system connecting Africa, Europe, the Middle East
                                                                                           performance.                                               early in solution design. In parallel, we will
                                    and Asia. By avoiding single points of failure,
                                    addressing bottlenecks such as within the Middle       We continued our digital transformation to cloud           reinforce assurance activities for cloud native and
                                    East, developing geo-resilient design and              which brings increased geo-distribution and higher         digital platforms to validate recoverability as our
                                    recovery plans, we maintain robust international       availability. Our strategic data centre consolidation      technology estate continues to modernise.
                                    connectivity.                                          programme is driving enhanced resilience for               Through these initiatives, we remain focussed on
                                                                                           critical workloads by leveraging the capabilities of       delivering resilient and high performing technology
                                    Our Technology Assurance function assesses how
                                                                                           our strategic hyperscaler partnerships.                    services for customers, businesses and
                                    well our key resilience controls support effective
                                                                                                                                                      communities, improving reliability and the trusted
                                    risk management. This includes performing quality
                                                                                                                                                      connectivity our customers rely on every day.
                                    reviews and in depth testing to confirm controls
                                    are appropriately designed and operating in line
                                    with the requirements set out in our resilience
                                    standards.

    
    58       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                    Strategic report                                     Governance                                          Financials       Other information





                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
         Non-financial information


         UK Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (‘SECR’)
         In accordance with SECR requirements, the following table provides a summary of GHG emissions and energy data1 for VodafoneThree, in
         comparison with global performance. For more information related to activities to improve our energy efficiency please refer to pages 28 to 29.
         
                                                                                                                                                                ESG Addendum FY26
                                                                                                                                                                       2026
                                                                                                                                              Group                                                 VodafoneThree
                                                                                                                                          (excluding                                                     as a % of
                                                                                                                                      VodafoneThree)        VodafoneThree           Group total        Group data

         Total Scope 1 GHG emissions
         (million tonnes CO2e)                                                                                                                  0.25                 0.01                  0.26               5%
         Total Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions (million tonnes CO2e)                                                                         0.01                 0.00                  0.01               0%
         Total Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions (million tonnes CO2e)                                                                       1.76                 0.20                  1.96             10%
         Total GHG emissions per € million of revenue (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                          5.12                 1.55                  6.67             23%
         Total energy consumption (KWh)2                                                                                           4,805,443,225         1,161,116,437          5,966,559,662               19%
         
                                                                                                                                                         ESG Addendum FY25/prior year disclosed
                                                                                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                                                                                    Group                                             Vodafone UK
                                                                                                                                                (excluding                                               as a % of
                                                                                                                                              Vodafone UK)     Vodafone UK            Group total       Group data

         Total Scope 1 GHG emissions (million tonnes CO2e)                                                                                           0.26               0.01                 0.27             2%
         Total Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions (million tonnes CO2e)                                                                              0.01                   –                0.01             0%
         Total Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions (million tonnes CO2e)                                                                            1.95               0.12                 2.07             6%
         Total GHG emissions per € million of revenue (tonnes of CO2e)                                                                               5.83               0.83                 6.66           12%
         Total energy consumption (KWh)2                                                                                                5,345,784,671         660,229,661        6,006,014,332               11%
         Notes:
         1. Data is calculated using local market actual or estimated data sources from invoices, purchasing requisitions, direct data measurement, and estimations. Carbon emissions are calculated in line
            with the GHG Protocol standards. Scope 2 market-based emissions are reported using the market-based methodology in effect as at the date of this report. For full methodology see our FY26
            ESG Addendum Methodology document: vodafone.com/esg-methodology.
         2. More information on energy efficiency initiatives implemented during the year can be found on pages 28 to 29 and in our disclosures prepared in accordance with the SASB standards. For more
            information, visit: vodafone.com/sasb.
         3. Information for prior periods is not presented as the organisational boundaries for financial reporting are not consistent with those used in the calculation of GHG emissions. For information about
            intensity metrics for prior periods, see our FY26 ESG Addendum: vodafone.com/esg-addendum.
                Strategic report                                 Governance                                  Financials                       Other information                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             59


    Non-financial Information continued






    Non-financial and sustainability information statement                                                                 Companies Act (2006) climate-related financial disclosures
    The table below outlines where the key content requirements of the non-financial and sustainability                    Disclosures in compliance with the requirements of the UK Companies Act 2006 (as required by sections
    information statement can be found within this document (as required by sections 414CA and 414CB of                    414CA and 414CB) can be found in the climate-related risk section of our report and our ESG Addendum
    the Companies Act 2006).                                                                                               as follows:
                                                                                                                          
    Reporting requirement      Our policies and approach    Section within Annual Report                Read more          Companies Act climate-related financial disclosure               Location of disclosure     Read more
    Environmental              Planet performance           Protecting the Planet                         pages 28 to 32   Governance arrangements for assessing and managing               Governance                    pages 66 to 67
    matters                    Climate change risk          Climate-related risk                                           climate-related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                          pages 65 to 70
                                                                                                                           How we identify, assess, and manage climate-related risks and    Risk Management               page 69
    Employees                  Code of Conduct              Code of Conduct and Anti-bribery,             page 44          opportunities
                                                            corruption and fraud
                                                                                                          page 45          Integration of climate-related risk identification,              Climate-related risk          pages 65 to 70
                               Occupational health and      Health and safety                                              assessment, and management processes into our overall
                                                                                                          pages 42 to 43   risk management process
                               safety
                                                                                                                           Principal climate-related risks and opportunities arising        Our priority climate-         page 66
                               Diversity and inclusion      Our people strategy                           pages 38 to 41   in connection with our operations                                related risks and
    Social and community Driving positive societal          Empowering People                             pages 33 to 43                                                                    opportunities
    matters              transformation and                                                                                The time periods by reference to which those risks and           Our scenario analysis         page 67
                         performance                                                                                       opportunities are assessed
                         Stakeholder engagement             Stakeholder engagement                        pages 9 to 11    The actual and potential impacts of the principal climate-related Our exposure to risks        pages 67 to 68
                               Mobiles, masts and health    Our ESG disclosures                           page 24          risks and opportunities on the company’s business model and       and opportunities
                                                                                                                           strategy                                                          across a range of
    Human rights               Human rights approach        Law enforcement assistance, network           pages 46 to 47                                                                     scenarios
                                                            shutdown, human rights in the supply
                                                            chain                                         page 48          Resilience of our business model and strategy in different        Building climate             page 68
                                                                                                                           climate-related scenarios                                         resilience into our
                               Code of ethical purchasing   Responsible supply chain                      page 48                                                                            business strategy
                               Modern Slavery Statement     Human rights in the supply chain              page 49          Our targets to manage climate-related risks and to realise        Protecting the Planet,       pages 28 to 32
                                                                                                                           climate-related opportunities and performance against targets     Climate-related risk
    Anti-bribery and           Code of Conduct              Code of Conduct                               page 44                                                                                                         page 70
                                                                                                                                                                                             metrics ESG Addendum
    corruption
                               Anti-bribery policy          Anti-bribery, corruption and fraud            page 45
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           vodafone.com/sasb
                               Speak Up                     Speak Up                                      pages 44 to 45
                                                                                                                           Key performance indicators for assessing our progress            Protecting the Planet,        pages 28 to 32
    Policy embedding, due                                   Protecting the Planet, Empowering             pages 28 to 57   against targets                                                  Climate-related risk
    diligence, and                                          People, and Maintaining Trust                                                                                                   metrics, ESG                  page 70
    outcomes                                                Climate-related risk                                                                                                            Addendum
                                                                                                          pages 65 to 70                                                                                                   vodafone.com/sasb
    Description of principal                                Principle risks and uncertainties             pages 60 to 62   
    risks and impact
    of business activity                                    Mitigating activities                         pages 63             ESG cautionary statement
                                                                                                                               In preparing the ESG-related information contained in this document, we have made a number of key
    Description of business                                 Business model                                page 2
    model and strategy
                                                                                                                               judgements, estimations and assumptions. The processes, methodologies, and issues involved in preparing
                                                            Chief Executive’s statement and strategic     pages 6 to 7         this information are complex. The ESG data, models, and methodologies used are often relatively new,
                                                            roadmap                                                            rapidly evolving and are not necessarily of the same standard as those available in the context of financial
    Non-financial key                                       Key performance indicators                    page 8               and other information. Furthermore, they are not subject to the same or equivalent disclosure standards,
    performance indicators                                                                                                     historical reference points, benchmarks or globally accepted accounting principles. It is not possible to rely
                                                            Protecting the Planet, Empowering             pages 28 to 57
                                                            People, and Maintaining Trust                                      on historical data as a strong indicator of future trajectories in the case of climate change and its evolution.
                                                                                                                              Outputs of models, processed data, and methodologies may be affected by underlying data quality, which
         Click to download our ESG Addendum: vodafone.com/esg-addendum                                                         can be hard to assess, and we expect industry guidance, standards, market practice, and regulations in this
                                                                                                                               field to continue to evolve. There are also challenges faced in relation to the ability to access certain data on
         Click to read our ESG Addendum Methodology document: vodafone.com/esg-methodology                                     a timely basis and the lack of consistency and comparability between data that is available. This means the
         Click to read our SASB disclosures: vodafone.com/sasb                                                                 ESG-related forward-looking statements, information, and targets discussed in this document carry an
                                                                                                                               additional degree of inherent risk and uncertainty.
                                                                                                                           
    60       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     Strategic report                          Governance                                 Financials                            Other information


         Principal risks and uncertainties

         Our principal risks
         
         The external environment remains   Overview of the risk governance structure                                                                                                  Strengthening risk management
         dynamic, as a result the Group                                                                                                                                                During FY26, the Group continued to strengthen its
                                                                                                                                                                                       risk management framework, improving the
         continues to face a broad range of                                                                                                                                            consistency and comparability of risk information
         risks. These risks are actively                                                                                                                                               used by management and the Board. Governance
         monitored and managed through our                                                                                                                                             was reinforced through closer alignment across the
                                                                                                                                                                                       three lines of defence, enhancing accountability, risk
         established risk management                                                                                                                                                   reporting, as well as supporting more focused Board
         framework, supported by a strong                                                                                                                                              challenge and prioritisation of principal risks.
         organisational risk culture.                                                                                                                                                  Progress was made in preparation for UK Corporate
                                                                                                                                                                                       Governance Code Provision 29 through
         Governance and oversight                                                                                                                                                      enhancements to processes and supporting
         On behalf of the Board, the Audit and Risk                                                                                                                                    evidence for future Board attestation. Risk
         Committee (‘ARC’) reviews and approves the                                                                                                                                    management was further strengthened through the
         Group’s principal risks, considering their impact on                                                                                                                          introduction of an integrated Group-wide
         strategic objectives, business model, financial                                                                                                                               Governance, Risk and Compliance (‘GRC’) platform,
         performance and reputation, and challenging                                                                                                                                   a refreshed risk taxonomy and the piloting of a Group
         management’s judgements, where appropriate.                                                                                                                                   operational risk management methodology,
         The Board reviews the principal risks at least                                                                                                                                improving integration, aggregation and data-driven
         annually and monitors changes in the risk profile                                                                                                                             insights across markets.
         throughout the year. The change in the external
         environment, performance against strategic                                                                                                                                    Emerging risks
         priorities and emerging risk drivers leads to a                                                                                                                               Emerging risks are inherently uncertain and evolving,
         reassessment of risks and a refinement of the                                                                                                                                 and have the potential to materially impact our
         Board’s focus areas for the year. Principal risks are                                                                                                                         strategic objectives, business model and long-term
         reviewed by the Executive Committee (‘ExCo’) and                                                                                                                              value creation. We identify emerging risks through
         the Risk and Compliance Committee (‘RCC’)                                                                                                                                     continuous analysis of internal and external trends,
         before being submitted to the ARC and the Board,                                                                                                                              and the signals they present. Emerging risks are
         supporting clear ownership and escalation and                                                                                                                                 grouped into the following categories: legal and
         enabling executive and Board-level challenge to                                                                                                                               regulatory, political, economic, societal,
         focus on the risks with the greatest impact.                                                                      and assessment of key risk drivers, supporting a            technological, and ecological. These are assessed to
                                                                 Overview of the risk governance structure
                                                                 Local markets and Group entities identify and assess      forward-looking view of the risks that matter most to the   determine escalation criteria and whether enhanced
         Risk management framework                                                                                                                                                     management focus, Board oversight, or elevation to
                                                                 risks relevant to their strategies and operating          Group and its stakeholders.
         The Group operates a global enterprise risk                                                                                                                                   principal risk status is required.
         management framework applied consistently               environments, informed by management insight and          Principal risks and viability
         across local markets and Group entities, using          assurance activities across the three lines of defence.
                                                                                                                           In assessing the Group’s principal risks, the Board
         common risk definitions, assessment criteria and        These assessments are reviewed and challenged by
                                                                                                                           considers the resilience of the business under severe
         escalation thresholds. This enables risks to be         the Group risk team to support completeness,
                                                                                                                           but plausible scenarios, including the extent to which
         identified, assessed and aggregated, while              consistency and appropriate aggregation, including
                                                                                                                           risks could interact or occur concurrently, informing the
         recognising interdependencies and shared drivers        consideration of changes in risk severity and the
                                                                                                                           Long-Term Viability Statement and the Board’s view of
         as part of the Group’s risk assessment process.         potential for risks to occur across multiple markets or
                                                                                                                           the Group’s longer-term prospects. Risk appetite
                                                                 entities.
                                                                                                                           provides a framework for decision-making by setting
                                                                 A consolidated Group risk profile is developed through    boundaries for acceptable risk-taking and guiding
                                                                 a bottom-up process and supplemented by external          management and Board discussion where risks
                                                                 horizon scanning, thematic analysis                       approach or exceed tolerance.
         
                Strategic report                                  Governance                           Financials                               Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  61


    Principal risks and uncertainties continued


        Risk factors                                                                   Why the risk is important                                                        Key risk drivers
        Adverse changes in the external regulatory and policy                          Geopolitical tensions, evolving alliances, and ongoing conflicts may lead        Global instability and the resulting volatility in the macro environment
        environment                                                                    to unexpected political or regulatory and legal interventions that disrupt       increase the extent and likelihood of government intervention. Global
        Significant adverse changes to the external environment that could             strategy, impact supply chains, alter competitive conditions, and require        conflicts and rapid technological changes further amplify uncertainty,
        impact our strategy, resulting in increased costs, creating a competitive      our continuous adaptation to avoid financial and operational harm.               reinforcing our need to anticipate and respond to these evolving external
        disadvantage, or having a negative impact on our return on capital                                                                                              pressures.
        employed.

        Risk trend: No change

        Risk owner: Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer

        Adverse macroeconomic, liquidity, funding and market risk                      A severe contraction in economic activity can lead to lower cash flow            This is an externally driven risk, and the threat environment is continually
        The risk of financial loss or operational disruptions due to the inefficient   generation for the Group and disruption in global financial markets,             changing. External factors, such as the conflict in the Middle East, the
        use of funds, inability to access capital markets on reasonable terms, or      impacting our ability to refinance debt obligations as they fall due in a        ongoing war in Ukraine, and the uncertainty around global trade and tariff
        manage deteriorating market conditions.                                        cost-effective manner.                                                           policies, could impact the future path of monetary and fiscal policies, likely
                                                                                                                                                                        affecting economic activity across our global footprint. Additionally,
        Risk trend: Increasing                                                                                                                                          financial markets are experiencing high levels of volatility, with sovereign
                                                                                                                                                                        debt at record levels. These factors could lead to a significant change in
        Risk owner: Chief Financial Officer                                                                                                                             the availability and cost of capital.

        Adverse market competition                                                     The shift toward software-driven connectivity and the increasing influence       Key risk drivers vary by market and economic conditions, reflecting an
        Accelerated traditional competition, unmet customer expectations for           of ‘Big Tech’ heighten the risk of new digital-first entrants reshaping          increasingly dynamic competitive environment. These include evolving
        leading-edge technology in networks, and the risk of disintermediation         market dynamics and reducing our relevance. Coupled with aggressive              pricing strategies, changes in customer switching behaviour and price
        from disruptive technologies or market consolidation could weaken our          competitor pricing and slower-than-expected adoption of 5G and Fibre to          sensitivity, and the growing adoption of data-driven, AI-enabled and
        competitive position, resulting in market share losses, reduced pricing        the Home (‘FTTH’), this could accelerate customer churn and materially           software-led connectivity models, including OTT services. Increased
        power, and lower profitability.                                                erode revenue across both mobile and fixed services.                             investment by satellite providers and hyperscalers is also reshaping the
                                                                                                                                                                        connectivity ecosystem. Collectively, these factors may adversely impact
        Risk trend: No change                                                                                                                                           revenue growth and profitability if not effectively managed.

        Scope increased (incl. Disintermediation and Infrastructure competitiveness)

        Risk owner: Executive Chairman Vodafone Germany and CEO European
        Markets

        Cyber threat                                                                   Cyber threat actors have targeted Vodafone and our customers in the              Cyber risk constantly evolves and is influenced by economic,
        An external attack, insider threat, or supplier breach causes service          past and this will continue. This may involve malware, vulnerability             technological, and geopolitical developments. We anticipate threats will
        disruption or data breach.                                                     exploitation, or various other methods to compromise customer and                continue to be volatile, amplified by new technology, such as satellite,
                                                                                       company data as well as to limit access to our services. This could              Artificial Intelligence (‘AI’), and the future use of quantum computing.
        Risk trend: Increasing                                                         potentially impact our reputation and lead to service disruption, the loss of
                                                                                       confidential information related to customers and employees, regulatory
        Risk owner: Chief Technology Officer                                           sanctions as well as revenue loss. We model various scenarios within our
                                                                                       framework to identify the areas of greatest risk for prioritisation.

        Data management and Privacy                                                    Failure to manage the privacy of our stakeholders’ data effectively and          With increasing regulatory expectations and the growing use of artificial
        Data privacy breaches, misuse of data, data manipulation, inappropriate        compliantly could result in regulatory fines, paying significant reparation of   intelligence, strong data governance and privacy controls remain
        data sharing, poor data quality, data unavailability or failure to retain or   damages to impacted individuals, and reputational damage that could              essential. Geo-politicisation of data will continue to negatively impact
        dispose of data appropriately could lead to fines, reputational damage,        result in higher churn rates.                                                    cross-border data transfers. New European data regulations, such as the
        loss of value, loss of business opportunity, and failure to meet our                                                                                            EU AI Act or the Cybersecurity Act, will introduce significant new legal
        customer expectations.                                                                                                                                          requirements around data management of our business activities.

        Risk trend: No change

        Risk owner: Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer

    
    62       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                Strategic report                            Governance                                   Financials                               Other information


         Principal risks and uncertainties continued


              Risk factors                                                                           Why the risk is important                                                      Key risk drivers

              IT resilience and transformation                                                       A major outage in a data centre or a cloud provider hosting key IT systems     Any major outages of global IT services could have wide-ranging impacts.
              Failures or disruptions of IT systems and infrastructure or the inability to           could severely disrupt our operations. Delays in resolving incidents due to    Extreme weather events can disrupt operations and IT systems, while
              modernise and manage the IT environment could negatively impact                        unavailability of end-of-service-life components can exacerbate the            deliberate attacks on critical national infrastructure, including power grids
              operations, services, customer experience, or financial performance.                   situation. Legacy IT systems that are unable to adapt and provide the          and communication networks, may increase the risk of outages.
                                                                                                     features our customers require can hinder our ability to meet their
              Risk trend: No change                                                                  expectations and maintain a competitive edge.

              Risk owner: Chief Technology Officer

              Legal and Regulatory risk                                                              We are exposed to ever-increasing regulatory requirements across our           The regulatory landscape is becoming more complex due to expanding
              The risk of not complying with applicable regulation may lead to penalties,            footprint. The complex regulations in the telco and technology sectors,        security, resilience, digital, data privacy, consumer protection, and ESG
              financial loss, criminal, and/or civil action, and reputational damage.                coupled with fragmented application, deployment and enforcement,               laws and regulations. Regulation impacts our operations globally, with
                                                                                                     significantly increase compliance costs. Additionally, the continued           accelerated introduction of regulation, heightened scrutiny and
              Risk trend: New                                                                        introduction of new regulation heightens the risk of non-compliance,           enforcement, and greater transparency obligations, each increasing our
                                                                                                     exposing Vodafone to fines, as well as the loss of customer and market         risk exposure.
              Risk owner: General Counsel and Company Secretary/Chief External and                   trust.
              Corporate Affairs Officer

              Network resilience                                                                     A major network outage could lead to dissatisfied customers and impact         Geopolitical instability, extreme weather conditions, deliberate attacks, and
              Major network outages could lead to dissatisfied customers and/or impact               revenue, while failure to meet customer expectations could adversely           recent global events increase the likelihood of major service disruptions. A
              revenue.                                                                               affect market share, revenue, and customer trust.                              widespread power failure across the Iberian Peninsula demonstrated the
                                                                                                                                                                                    susceptibility of interconnected energy and network systems, prompting
              Risk trend: No change                                                                                                                                                 targeted mitigations to strengthen service continuity. Likewise, the
                                                                                                                                                                                    deliberate attack on the Berlin power grid underscored the need for robust
              Scope decreased (Infrastructure competitiveness has been incorporated into the                                                                                        power-resilience measures across our footprint. These incidents reinforce
              Adverse market competition principal risk)                                                                                                                            that, while our network remains resilient, external shocks can significantly
                                                                                                                                                                                    affect service availability, customer experience, and operational
              Risk owner: Chief Network Officer                                                                                                                                     performance.

              Strategic transformation execution                                                     A significant transformation programme failure, including large scale          Managing multiple large transformation programmes requires careful
              Failure to effectively transform Vodafone to adapt to future challenges and            integration or modernisation initiatives designed to accelerate growth and     coordination. In Germany, transformation focuses on efficiency and
              demands that could increase operational complexity, as well as impact                  respond to challenging market conditions, could reduce revenue, or require     adapting to the changing competitive environment. Whilst the
              growth and competitiveness.                                                            changes to the business model.                                                 VodafoneThree integration addresses several market challenges, it also
                                                                                                                                                                                    carries the risk of disruption and further operational complexity if not
              Risk trend: New                                                                                                                                                       managed correctly. Our broader transformation programmes aim to deliver
                                                                                                                                                                                    cost transparency and opportunities to drive efficiency, while also
              Risk owner: Executive Chairman Vodafone Germany and CEO European Markets                                                                                              supporting more informed and effective business decision-making as well
                                                                                                                                                                                    as the operating model that centres around the creation of effective
                                                                                                                                                                                    commercial capabilities, replatforming, and AI-driven services
                                                                                                                                                                                    transformation.

              Supply chain disruption                                                                Political decisions and regulatory requirements affecting our ability to use   Changes in the political landscape outside Vodafone’s control may
              The risk of disruption in the supply chain and over-reliance on key                    equipment from specific vendors could cause trade and supply chain             significantly impact our progress on digital transformation. For example,
              suppliers may result in the inability to execute strategic plans, increase             disruptions. This can reduce our service delivery resilience, customer         US and China tensions resulting in a ban of high-risk vendors, the
              costs, limit supplier options, and adversely impact network quality.                   satisfaction, and the Company’s competitive position. Additionally, ongoing    European Commission’s proposed Cybersecurity Act, recent tensions in
                                                                                                     geopolitical tensions have created uncertainties in the availability of key    the Middle East, a potential conflict between China and Taiwan, the
              Risk trend: Increasing                                                                 materials and components, meaning that any disruption in the supply chain      inflation in the cost of servers and related hardware due to the AI
                                                                                                     can significantly affect the industry’s ability to deliver reliable and        infrastructure expansion, and additional US tariffs could impact product
              Risk owner: Chief Financial Officer                                                    uninterrupted services.                                                        availability and prices.

         
               Strategic report                                Governance                                          Financials                                Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                           63


    Principal risks and uncertainties continued




    Mitigating activities

    
        The global risk framework provides a consistent approach to measuring and managing our risks by considering their potential impact, likelihood, and our tolerance.
        It is important to establish the context and to understand the environment in which we operate. We categorise our risks into different risk types (strategic, technology and operations, financial, legal and
        regulatory) and identify whether the source of the threat is internal or external. This helps us effectively treat risks by avoiding, transferring, mitigating, or accepting them. Furthermore, this categorisation
        allows us to provide appropriate oversight and assurance for each of our risks.
        Each risk is assigned to an executive risk owner, who is responsible for implementing adequate controls and necessary treatment plans to manage risks within acceptable tolerance levels. While risk
        owners are responsible for implementing mitigations, the ARC and RCC provide oversight of the risk management strategy and challenge risk tolerance levels through in-depth risk reviews. Refer to
        pages 60 and 62 for more detail on our principal risks.
    
            Read more about the Audit and Risk Committee on pages 92 to 97

    

    Adverse changes in the external regulatory and          Adverse macroeconomic, liquidity, funding,              Adverse market competition                           Cyber threat                                         Data Management and Privacy
    policy environment                                      and market risk                                         We monitor competitive dynamics across markets       Our cyber security strategy has a risk and           Our data and privacy strategies are
    We employ continuous horizon scanning to monitor        We have a resilient business model. We continue         and adapt through stronger brand positioning,        control framework to manage cyber risk to            designed to continually reduce the
    geopolitical, legal, and regulatory developments,       to actively monitor the possibility of economic         improved customer experience, targeted               our networks and services. Our framework             risks. We regularly conduct reviews of
    using structured intelligence and active engagement     downturns, which could manifest differently             infrastructure investment, enhanced propositions,    aims to identify, protect against, respond to,       our significant privacy and data risks
    with policymakers, regulators, customers, and           across our jurisdictions. For our consumers who         and the use of second brands in the value            and recover from threats. We measure                 and use insights from incidents to
    stakeholders to shape policy outcomes. We adapt         might be affected, we offer competitive options         segment. Partnerships with leading technology        control effectiveness across all parts of the        improve our ability to safeguard data
    our internal controls, strengthen governance, and       and social plans in our markets. We have the            companies and protections under the Digital          Company and have an in-house team of                 and protect stakeholders. We use the
    safeguard our strategic position where required so      longest average life of debt amongst European           Markets Act help safeguard customer ownership,       experts in cyber security. We embed security         outcomes to prevent, detect, and
    that Vodafone remains resilient in a rapidly changing   peers, which reduces refinancing requirements,          while we secure spectrum, expand 5G and FTTH         by design into our products, services, and           respond to the risks on a prioritised
    external environment.                                   and all our bond debt is effectively held at fixed      coverage, and continue to upgrade our cable          internal operations. Protective controls             basis.
                                                            interest rates.                                         networks to sustain performance.                     reduce the likelihood and impact of most
                                                                                                                                                                         threats. When attacks do succeed, we                     Read more about our approach to
                                                                                                                                                                         prioritise rapid response to minimise                    data management and privacy on
                                                                                                                                                                         business and customer impact. Root cause                 pages 50 and 51
                                                                                                                                                                         analysis then drives continuous improvement
                                                                                                                                                                         and actionable remediation.

                                                                                                                                                                             Click to read more about our approach to cyber
                                                                                                                                                                             security in our fact sheet: vodafone.com/cyber


    IT resilience and transformation                        Legal and Regulatory risk                               Network resilience                                   Strategic transformation execution                   Supply chain disruption
    Our global policy, supported by Key Performance         We continue to strengthen our compliance                Our network resilience relies on a set of            Our transformation programmes are critical           We are closely monitoring the evolution
    Indicators (‘KPIs’), outlines the steps to quickly      posture through updated policies, enhanced              mitigations designed to prevent, detect, and         to delivering our growth ambitions, while also       of the geopolitical environment. This
    recover our most critical technology assets             internal controls, and structured compliance            recover from disruptions. These include geo-         enabling cost transparency and driving               enables us to prepare and respond to
    following a disaster. The adoption of cloud             monitoring across markets. Ongoing horizon              redundant architecture, diverse fibre routes,        efficiencies. Rigorous transformation and            emerging challenges and to comply
                                                            scanning, targeted training, and active                 highly meshed core and backhaul networks to          operational governance are in place to               with evolving regulations, economic
    computing is enhancing the distribution of our          engagement with regulators allow early                  minimise single points of failure, and on-site       oversee large-scale activities and ensure            sanctions, and trade rulings. We also
    systems. We have prioritised the delivery of IT         identification of risks and necessary actions, while    intervention equipment. Vodafone is enhancing        disciplined delivery. Work continues to              mitigate our exposure through supplier
    transformation and modernisation programmes,            reinforced governance and cross-functional              battery backup in key sites to safeguard critical    address operational complexities, optimise           diversification for critical services, multi-
    adopting incremental delivery to improve                accountability support consistent adherence to          voice and data services during grid outages.         resource allocation, and focus efforts on the        year contracts with key suppliers,
    governance and realise benefits sooner.                 regulatory requirements across our footprint.           Resilience by design principles supported by         priorities that will deliver the greatest impact     demand, and inventory planning in
                                                                                                                    testing strengthen our operational readiness.        for our customers.                                   anticipation of extended lead times and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              continuing to execute our optimisation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              strategy for network infrastructure
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              logistics.

    
    64    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                        Governance                              Financials                          Other information


         Principal risks and uncertainties continued





         Long-term viability statement (‘LTVS’)
                                                                                                                             
         
         The preparation of the LTVS includes an
         assessment of the Group’s long-term prospects in
         addition to the assessment of its ability to meet
                                                                   our revenue, as well as limiting our access to funding
                                                                   and increasing refinancing costs in response to
                                                                   higher interest rates.
                                                                                                                             
         future commitments and liabilities as they fall due       Cyber threat
         over the three-year review period.                        Heightened geopolitical tensions and the rapid pace
         Assessment of viability                                   of technological development increase the likelihood
         The Board has chosen a three-year period to               of sophisticated cyber attacks. As a provider of
         assess Vodafone Group’s viability. This is the period     critical national infrastructure with extensive
         in which we believe our principal risks tend to           customer data, we remain an attractive target for
         develop. This time horizon is also in line with the       cyber attacks. Cyber attacks can lead to customer
         structure of long-term management incentives and          service disruption, data breach, regulatory sanctions,
         the outputs from the long-range business-planning         financial loss and reputational damage.
         cycle. We continue to conduct financial stress            Supply chain disruption
         testing and sensitivity analysis, considering revenue     Geopolitical instability, including tensions between
         at risk.                                                  major global economies and the conflict in the Middle
         The viability assessment started with the available       East, could disrupt the supply of essential network
         headroom as of 31 March 2026 and considered the           equipment and technology through increased trade
         plans and projections assembled as part of the            barriers and vendor restrictions, higher costs, and
         forecasting cycle, which include the Group’s cash         logistical constraints. This may lead to delays in
         flow, planned commitments, required funding, and          network deployment and maintenance as well as
         other key financial ratios. We also assumed that          reduced operational resilience.
         debt refinancing will remain available in all plausible   Assessment of long-term prospects
         market conditions.                                        The Board undertakes a robust review and challenge
         Finally, we assessed the potential impact of severe       of the strategy and assumptions. Each year the
         but plausible scenarios on our three-year plan. We        Board conducts a strategy session, reviewing the
         also performed a combined stress test reflecting          internal and external environment, as well as
         key risk interdependencies, modelling the                 significant threats and opportunities
         simultaneous materialisation of the following risks       to the sustainable creation of long-term shareholder      


         over the period.                                          value (note that known emerging factors related           Annual Report (page 86), which provides a view of    Cash and cash equivalents available of €8.9 billion
         Adverse macroeconomic, liquidity, funding and             to each principal risk are described on pages 61 and      the Group’s long-term prospects.                     (page 180) at 31 March 2026, along with options
         market risk                                               62).                                                      Conclusions                                          available to reduce cash outgoings over the period
         The current geopolitical environment, including the       As an input to the strategy discussion, the Board                                                              considered, provide the Group with sufficient
                                                                                                                             The Board assessed the prospects and viability of
         conflict in the Middle East, poses the risk of            considers the key risks (including the identified                                                              positive headroom in all scenarios tested. Reverse
                                                                                                                             the Group in accordance with provision 31 of the
         sustained macroeconomic disruption through                principal and watchlist risks) with the focus on                                                               stress testing on revenue and profitability over the
                                                                                                                             UK Corporate Governance Code, considering the
         energy price increases, inflationary pressures, and       identifying underlying opportunities and setting the                                                           review period confirmed that the Group has
                                                                                                                             Group’s strategy and business model, and the
         volatility in foreign exchange and financial markets.     Group’s future strategy. The output from this session                                                          sufficient headroom available to face uncertainty.
                                                                                                                             principal risks to the Group’s future performance,
         Adverse changes in the macroeconomic                      is reflected in the strategic section of the                                                                   The Board deemed the stress test conducted to be
                                                                                                                             solvency, liquidity, and reputation. This included
         environment weaken economic growth, leading to                                                                                                                           adequate, and therefore confirmed that it has a
                                                                                                                             the impact of prospective M&A transactions in
         lower customer spending and putting pressure on                                                                                                                          reasonable expectation that the Group will remain
                                                                                                                             relation to VodafoneThree and Safaricom PLC.
                                                                                                                                                                                  in operation and be able to meet its liabilities as
                                                                                                                             The assessment took into account possible
                                                                                                                                                                                  they fall due up to 31 March 2029.
                                                                                                                             mitigating actions available to management if any
                                                                                                                             risk or combination of risks to materialise.

                                                                                                                             
              Strategic report                             Governance                       Financials                                 Other information              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           65



    Climate-related risk

    We recognise that physical climate                                                                                                                                                          monitoring, and the review of associated
                                                                                                                                                                                                climate-related risks and opportunities.
    impacts and the transition to a
    lowercarbon economy present risks                                                                                                                                                           Our climate-related risk and resilience
                                                                                                                                                                                                programme remains within the Protecting the
    and opportunities to Vodafone.                                                                                                                                                              Planet pillar of our mission. The Board ESG
    Aligned to the Task Force on                                                                                                                                                                Committee approves our ESG strategy and
    Climate-related Financial                                                                                                                                                                   provides oversight of sustainability and
                                                                                                                                                                                                climate-related issues, meeting at least three
    Disclosures (‘TCFD’) Framework,                                                                                                                                                             times a year. The ARC and ESG Committee
    this section outlines our governance,                                                                                                                                                       meet at least annually to provide joint Board
    strategy, risk management, and                                                                                                                                                              oversight and effective governance of ESG
                                                                                                                                                                                                disclosure.
    metrics and targets.                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                    Read more about our ESG governance model on
    TCFD recommendations                                                                                                                                                                            page 25
    We have considered our obligations under the                                                                                                                                                The quarterly ExCo-level ESG and
    UK’s Financial Conduct Authority Listing Rules                                                                                                                                              Reputation (‘ESGR’) Committee is
    and have detailed in the following table the 11                                                                                                                                             accountable for the implementation of our
    TCFD recommendations and whether we are fully                                                                                                                                               ESG framework and appoints an executive
    or partially consistent. For financial year ended 31                                                                                                                                        sponsor to oversee programme
    March 2026, We are consistent with 10 of the 11                                                                                                                                             implementation and progress tracking. The
    TCFD recommendations. We are partially                                                                                                                                                      ESGR reviews any significant business
    consistent with one recommendation, reflecting                                                                                                                                              decisions, such as major transactions or
    the continued development of metrics and                                                                                                                                                    strategic shifts, that may affect Vodafone’s
    performance against climate-related targets. We                                                                                                                                             climate resilience or alter climate-related risk
    will continue to enhance the quality, coverage and                                                                                                                                          severity. Potential issues associated with
    consistency of these metrics, and monitor                                                                                                                                                   those business decisions are evaluated by
    evolving developments in our regulatory                                                                                                                                                     the risk and sustainable business teams and,
    obligations.                                                                                                                                                                                where needed, escalated through the
    For FY26, we refreshed our annual detailed                                                                                                                                                  Protecting the Planet pillar and wider ESG
    scenario analysis, using strengthened data inputs                                                                                                                                           governance structure to the ESGR. For
    and internally validated assumptions. Building on                                                                                                                                           FY26, an additional ESG SteerCo was
    the FY25 quantitative assessment methodology,                                                                                                                                              established to strengthen senior-level
    supported by qualitative insights, this year’s work                 and Risk Committee (‘ARC’) oversees risk                        Climate-related risks are managed as a sustainability   accountability, with an ESGR escalation
    deepened our modelling of priority climate-related                  management on behalf of the Board, meeting at                   sub-risk, with clear ExCo-level risk ownership, and     route.
    physical and transition risks and opportunities                     least quarterly. Each year, the Group Risk and                  are reported through our established ESG
    across our global footprint (including Europe and                                                                                                                                           The Group climate transition plan (‘CTP’) is a
                                                                        Compliance Committee (‘RCC’), acting on behalf of               governance model, and risk governance structures
    Africa), enabling a clear comparison with FY25                                                                                                                                              cross-functional strategic programme and
                                                                        the Group Executive Committee (‘ExCo’), reviews                 due to their potential to affect multiple business
    results and providing a more transparent view of                                                                                                                                            sets out actions, targets, and governance to
                                                                        and ratifies Vodafone’s principal and emerging risks            areas. The Chief External and Corporate Affairs
    how climate change could affect our business                                                                                                                                                manage climate-related risks, strengthen
                                                                        prior to ARC approval.                                          Officer is appointed as Risk Owner and is
    under different climate pathways.                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                climate resilience and embed climate
                                                                                                                                        accountable for annual risk identification and
                                                                                                                                                                                                strategy into planning and budgeting
    Governance                                                              Read more about our risk governance structure on page 60    assessment, ongoing
                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                processes, with oversight from the ESGR.
    Climate-related risks are integrated into our global                                                                                                                                        CTP initiative leads, across key global
    enterprise risk management framework. The Audit                                                                                                                                             functions (such as external affairs, networks,
                                                                                                                                                                                               and procurement) are responsible for
                                                                                                                                                                                                designing and delivering strategic objectives
                                                                                                                                                                                                relating to policies, actions, targets and
                                                                                                                                                                                                metrics. They report quarterly progress to
                                                                                                                                                                                                ESG SteerCo, with any risks to plan delivery
                                                                                                                                                                                                escalated as necessary.
    66       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                    Strategic report                           Governance                                       Financials                              Other information


         Climate-related risk continued


         In addition to our strategic CTP programme, our              Our priority climate-related risks and                  Transition risks                                              (6) Greenwashing risk:
         internal global ESG policy and standards, owned by                                                                                                                                 Risk of reputational damage, loss of revenue, and
         the Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer,            opportunities1                                          (3) Energy costs:
                                                                                                                              Increased cost of energy, electricity, and carbon             legal costs due to misleading claims. We could be
         consolidates the minimum requirements for                    Physical risks                                                                                                        exposed to litigation and legal penalties
                                                                                                                              pricing. Increasingly volatile energy prices and
         environmental management. All operating                      (1) Extreme weather (referred to as acute):                                                                           associated with unintentionally making misleading
                                                                                                                              overall higher energy costs, partially driven by
         companies are required to adhere to this policy and          Site damage and/or business interruption caused                                                                       claims about the environmental impact of
                                                                                                                              carbon pricing and demand for renewable
         standards, mandating the implementation and                  by extreme weather events, e.g. riverine flooding                                                                     Vodafone (e.g. within corporate reporting or brand
                                                                                                                              electricity certificates outstripping supply. This risk
         delivery of CTP objectives and targets and building          and coastal inundation. Our network infrastructure                                                                    communications) or the benefits of our products
                                                                                                                              is particularly prevalent in markets with high
         resilience, in line with our strategy across our global      is already experiencing the effects of extreme                                                                        and services (at a product marketing level) or by
                                                                                                                              dependency on fossil fuels (such as in Africa,
         business.                                                    weather, and these impacts remain manageable                                                                          failing to substantiate claims, which could lead to
                                                                                                                             where we continue to operate diesel generators
              Click to read more about our climate transition plan:   under our current resilience measures to avoid          where sites cannot be connected to the grid) and              financial and reputational damage. The modelling
              vodafone.com/ctp                                        major operational impact, asset impairment or           non-renewable energy. However, carbon pricing will            quantified economic impacts, but does not
                                                                      financial loss. Coupled with geopolitical risks,        also drive an increase in cost to procure carbon-             quantify broader reputational effects.
         Strategy                                                     more frequent and severe events could disrupt
         Drawing on empirical research, internal expertise                                                                    intensive products and raw materials, as third                Time horizon: Short term
                                                                      supply chains (critical components from China)          parties upstream in the supply chain look to pass
         and economic modelling, our analysis enables us to           and critical logistic routes (such as coastal ports),                                                                 Transition opportunity
         comprehensively evaluate the potential impact of                                                                     through higher costs.
                                                                      posing potential future operational and financial                                                                     (7) Customer enablement:
         climate change on our business and operations over           risk exposure.
                                                                                                                              Time horizon: Long term
                                                                                                                                                                                            Opportunity for revenue growth from the sale of
         the short-, medium- and long-term time horizons.                                                                     (4) Regulatory compliance costs:                              connectivity and new technology solutions (such
         During FY26, extreme weather events (storms and              Time horizon: Long term
                                                                                                                              Increased cost of compliance due to additional                as Internet of Things and digital platforms) to
         flooding) led to localised network disruptions in            (2) Rising average temperatures (referred to            resource requirements. As governments introduce               business customers that supports
         Portugal, Ireland, and Mozambique. The impact was            as chronic):                                            policies to support the climate transition, our               decarbonisation of industry across all economic
         mitigated through resilience measures and asset              Business interruption associated with rising            regulatory corporate sustainability reporting and             sectors. For example, smart digital solutions will
         damages were limited to a number of masts affected           temperatures, assessed as a component of                disclosure compliance costs are expected to                   enable our enterprise customers to improve
         by high winds. By assessing our exposure under a             extreme heat weather hazard. We recognise that          increase during implementation phases as they are             operational efficiency, minimise waste and
         range of climate future scenarios, including those           rising average temperatures could damage                transposed into law across our markets. However,              manage resources.
         aligned to a 2°C or lower pathway, we can stress             network equipment and other above-ground                requirement delays (due to EU Omnibus I
         test our strategy and business resilience whilst                                                                                                                                   Time horizon: Inconclusive
                                                                      infrastructure or cause operational failure             Directive) have revised our timelines.
         understanding the potential financial implications.          (particularly if located in exposed outdoor                                                                           Note:
         Repeating the quantitative analysis this year has                                                                    Minimal impact over the assessed time horizons                1. As described in the Risk Management section of this
                                                                      locations, e.g. radio towers), as well as cause                                                                          report, these climate-related risks and opportunities have
         enabled us to compare results over time,                     disruption in our supply chain. It could also lead to   (5) Expectations of business customers:                          been prioritised based on their potential severity, likelihood
         strengthening the consistency and reliability of our         increasing consumption of energy for cooling            Risk of market share loss if lagging behind                      and time horizon relative to the full range of climate-related
         overall assessment.                                          infrastructure, data centres and offices, which         competitors in decarbonisation activities. We could              risks and opportunities identified through our risk analyses.
                                                                      could increase operating costs. A higher                be exposed to revenue loss if climate performance                Their prioritisation does not indicate the significance of the
         In a changing regulatory and policy environment,                                                                                                                                      risk or opportunity relative to other risk categories, nor
         combined with the complexity of assessing climate-           frequency of hot days could be more pronounced          continues to be a differentiator for business
                                                                                                                                                                                               does it indicate the significance of any impact on
         related risks (particularly transition risks), and the       in our African and southern European markets            customers’ supplier selections, and Vodafone does                Vodafone’s financial position. We therefore refer to these
         challenges of long-term planning, we recognise the           (such as Greece and Portugal). Our investment in        not follow its intended decarbonisation pathway,                 as our ‘priority’, rather than ‘material’ risks.
         inherent uncertainty in long-term climate projections.       heat resistant technology supports managing this        fails to keep pace with the low-carbon products and
         Nevertheless, conducting the analysis annually               risk.                                                   services offered by competitors, or rising business
         allows us to track directional changes, refine               Minimal impact over the assessed time horizons          customer expectations for adhering to climate-
         assumptions as new data emerges, and maintain                                                                        related requirements.
         transparency over how our exposure evolves.                                                                          Time horizon: Long term
         
              Read more about our approach to climate-related risk
              assessment on page 67                                   
                 Strategic report                                 Governance                                           Financials                   Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           67


    Climate-related risk continued




                                                                                                                                    Our exposure to risks and opportunities                terms, with only modest increases expected in
          Our scenario analysis                                                                                                     across a range of scenarios                            isolated acute events in the long term. FY26
                                                                                                                                    Our FY26 quantitative scenario analysis examines       incidents (e.g. Ireland storm) demonstrated that
          Scenarios                   Description
                                                                                                                                    our climate risks and opportunities against three      localised disruptions can be restored swiftly without
          1.5°C Paris-                 – Global decarbonisation trajectory and policies implemented in line with                    temperature pathways: 1.5°C (Paris-aligned), 2°C       material impact to high-value property. Transition-
          aligned scenario               achieving 1.5°C pathway by 2100.                                                           (Paris upper limit-aligned) and 4°C                    related pressures are more pronounced in this
                                       – Uses Representation Concentration Pathway (‘RCP’)1 2.6 Economic                            (business-as-usual). Our methodology starts with       scenario: faster policy tightening, higher-carbon
                                         constraints aligned to Shared Socioeconomic Pathway 2 (‘SSP2’)2.                           evaluating the maximum value at risk,                  price trajectories, and higher energy costs heighten
          2°C scenario               – Global decarbonisation trajectory to the upper limit of the Paris agreement.                 representing the plausible worst-case scenario.        medium-to-long term exposure to cost increases
          Paris upper limit scenario – Assumes Nationally Determined Contributions (‘NDCs’) are successfully                        Then we apply probability factors to assess the        and commercial scrutiny, especially in Africa where
                                       delivered up to 2030. Post-2030, cost-effective emissions reduction measures                 likelihood of the risk materialising, enabling us to   our dependency on fossil fuels is currently greatest.
                                       are implemented.                                                                                                                                    Failure to meet increased business customer
                                                                                                                                    determine a residual risk exposure through an
                                     – Uses RCP 4.5 (averaged between RCP 2.6 and RCP 8.5). Economic                                                                                       decarbonisation expectations could put revenue at
                                       constraints aligned to SSP2.                                                                 assessment of current and planned mitigation
                                                                                                                                    activities.                                            risk. Greenwashing risk also becomes more acute
          4°C business-as-             – Emissions continue to increase in line with current business-as-usual pathway,                                                                    given stringent regulatory requirements, and a
          usual scenario                 with no further climate policy intervention.                                               Our FY26 climate-related risk analysis indicates       heightened demand for substantiation and
                                       – Uses RCP 8.5. Economic constraints aligned to SSP2.                                        limited regional physical risk exposure in the short   transparency over environmental claims. There
                                                                                                                                    and medium term, with potential greater long-term      could be market growth opportunities as customers
                                                                                                                                    exposure from coastal inundation and riverine          seek internet-enabled technology solutions to help
                                                                                                                                   flooding under a 4°C pathway. The exposure to
          Time horizon                Physical scenarios                   Link to business-planning horizons                                                                              adapt to physical changes in the climate.
                                                                                                                                    transition risks at a Group-level (expectations of
          Short term                  0 to 3 years (to 2029)               Aligns with our enterprise risk management               business customers and greenwashing risk) could        2°C scenario Paris upper limit scenario
                                                                           framework and long-range business-planning               be significant if left unmitigated in the 1.5°C and    Overall exposure remains contained and stable,
                                                                           cycle.                                                   2°C scenarios across the short term, with a            reflecting a transition trajectory average between
          Medium term                 3 to 5 years (to 2031)               Aligned with timeframes used for internal                potential heightened exposure to energy costs          the 1.5°C and 4°C scenarios. Physical risks are
                                                                           planning purposes.
                                                                                                                                    across the long term across both the 1.5°C and         manageable across all time horizons, supported by
          Long term                   5 to 25 years (to 2050)              Aligned with planning horizons for long-lived            2°C scenarios.                                         robust network design and continuity processes.
                                                                           infrastructure assets, in line with global targets                                                              Transition-related pressures (energy and carbon
                                                                           for reaching net zero.                                   Managing greenwashing risk exposure remains a          cost trends) are moderate across the short- and
                                                                                                                                   short-term priority. In FY26, we strengthened          medium-term, with evolving customer sustainability
          Category           Description                                      Our scenario analysis approach                        governance of environmental claims and improved        expectations presenting a limited exposure across
                                                                                                                                    controls around marketing approvals. Assessing         all time horizons, while exposure to greenwashing
          Physical risks     Risks related to the physical impacts of         Quantitative scenario analysis of physical
                             climate change, both event driven (acute)        risks to Vodafone infrastructure assets by            this risk continues to present challenges from both    risk could present a similar exposure as assessed
                             and longer-term (chronic) shifts in climate      region (2025–26).                                     a financial modelling and reputational risk            for the 1.5°C scenario. The combination of
                             patterns, and which may have financial                                                                 perspective, given evolving legislation, the           continued decarbonisation efforts, regulatory
                             implications for companies.                                                                            subjective nature of potential legal action and        preparedness and energy optimisation initiatives
          Transition risks Growing external pressures to transition to        Quantitative scenario analysis of transition          uncertainty around stakeholder expectations.           supports resilience across all time horizons.
                           a lower-carbon economy result in changes           risks at a global level, with qualitative inputs      While our modelling captures potential economic
                           to the regulatory or market environment, in        (2025–26).                                            impacts, broader reputational effects remain           4°C business-as-usual scenario
                           ways that could negatively impact                                                                                                                               In a 4°C scenario, near term physical impact
                           company costs, revenue or market share.                                                                  unquantified. We therefore adopt a conservative
                                                                                                                                    approach by assessing a material impact of             remains modest but long-term exposure (beyond
          Opportunities    A shifting business landscape in a net             High-level qualitative scenario analysis only                                                                2040) becomes more pronounced, particularly due
                           zero world opens new market and                    (2024).                                               ‘greenwashing’ in the short term and will continue
                                                                                                                                    to enhance our framework and monitoring as             to higher likelihood of coastal inundation and
                           investment opportunities.
                                                                                                                                    regulatory requirements develop.                       riverine flooding hazard causing site damage if no
                                                                                                                                    1.5°C Paris-aligned scenario
        Notes:
        1. RCPs are four greenhouse gas concentration trajectories adopted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change         Under a 1.5°C scenario, acute and chronic
           (IPCC), representing alternative global warming outcomes to 2100.                                                        physical risks remain operationally manageable
        2. SSPs are five IPCC scenarios describing plausible future global socioeconomic conditions to 2100.                        across all

                                                                                                                                    
    68       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     Strategic report                      Governance                                 Financials                            Other information


         Climate-related risk continued


         additional resilience measures are introduced.        policy action, a rise in the frequency and severity       interruption (though these policies do not formally      across all climate pathways, when current and
         Transition-related pressures are constrained in       of extreme weather events may increase                    classify such incidents as climate-related), offering    planned CTP initiatives are applied. Strengthening
         this scenario, owing to the assumption of             operational disruption across our own operations          financial protection against acute weather events.       existing internal policies, investing in energy
         minimal further climate policy intervention given     and the wider value chain, especially in Africa.          It remains a key mitigation tool, transferring           efficiency within our networks, carbon price
         current data availability. However, uncertainty       These insights continue to be embedded within our         potential losses arising from physical risks,            hedging, compliance readiness and governance
         remains and exposure to energy-market volatility      strategy and will further inform our CTP                  covering asset and contents loss and damage.             over environmental claims continues to reduce
         and supply chain disruption may still emerge.         implementation, which sets out management                                                                          residual risk exposure across the 1.5°C and 2°C
         This scenario could introduce transition risk         actions and investments required to strengthen our        Protecting the resilience and continuity of our          scenarios.
         exposure underscoring the importance of               business resilience. Insights from our climate            network and infrastructure from climate-related
         sustained adaptation actions and longer-range         scenario analyses are embedded into our long-             weather events continue to underpin our strategy.        Following the evaluation of our existing and
         resilience planning embedded within our CTP.          range business and financial planning cycles, so          We embed mitigation and adaptation measures              planned activities to manage transition risks,
                                                               that resilience measures inform strategic decision        across our asset’s lifecycle, from acquisition and       including the strategic implementation of our CTP,
         Building climate resilience into our                  making, capital allocation and future technology          design to operation, maintenance and                     robust governance, and the execution of our risk
         business strategy                                     enhancement (such as Mission Critical                     replacement. Our policies require environmental          management processes, our exposure to climate
         As a fixed and mobile network operator, we            Communications and Vodafone Enhanced Power                and physical risk assessment for all critical assets,    transition risks is materially reduced across all
         operate extensive infrastructure spread over          Initiative to enhance network resilience and              supported by ongoing monitoring of weather               scenarios.
                                                                                                                         resilience. As part of our technology resilience         
         Europe and Africa. This geographic footprint          satellite coverage to mitigate extreme-weather                                                                         Read more about our Protect the Planet strategy and
         exposes our business to a range of climate            outages).                                                 framework, each core critical site is subject to
                                                                                                                                                                                      targets on pages 28 to 32
         change physical impacts and transition risks.                                                                  annual physical risk assessment, incorporating
                                                                   Click to read our climate transition plan:            climate-related hazard evaluation. Our business          Realising opportunities
         Our FY26 analysis continues to show that                  vodafone.com/ctp                                      continuity processes minimise service disruption         Our FY26 qualitative analysis indicates potential
         Vodafone’s core network and data centre               Resilience to physical risks                              and operational downtime, including the ability to       commercial opportunities across both the 1.5°C
         infrastructure remains resilient across all           Our latest scenario analysis indicates that our           re-route traffic through alternative core sites if an    and 2°C scenarios. Growing demand for digital
         scenarios assessed, supported by robust               physical risk exposure remains limited, with no           asset is affected. We also have dedicated disaster       connectivity and technology solutions can support
         engineering standards and short term equipment        material year-on-year change in overall risk profile.     recovery capabilities across our footprint to            customers to decarbonise their operations and
         replacement cycles (e.g. radio). Across the           This reflects the relatively low inherent vulnerability   support reactive maintenance and service                 contribute to the broader sustainable economic
         short- and medium-term, physical residual risks       of our asset base, particularly our high-value data       restoration.                                             transition. These solutions can also help to
         are not expected to lead to significant business      centres and core network infrastructure, and the                                                                   address environmental challenges by enabling the
         interruption, cost or asset impairment at a Group                                                               Building resilience into network infrastructure is a
                                                               strength of our existing climate-resilient design,        well-established component of our                        clean energy transition and driving energy and
         level, with impact expected to remain                 maintenance and business continuity processes.                                                                     resource efficiency across sectors such as energy,
         manageable within the range of scenarios                                                                        business-as-usual operations, independent of
                                                                                                                         whether climate change is the primary risk driver of     transport, agriculture, buildings and manufacturing.
         analysed, particularly across Europe.                 Despite more frequent global natural catastrophe                                                                   There may also be opportunities for medium-term
                                                               events and global losses over the past year,              an event. As part of our ongoing strategy and risk
         This resilience reflects the robust operational                                                                 management processes, we will continue to                cost saving through investment in on-site
                                                               insurance rates have remained stable, and we                                                                       renewable generation particularly in markets
         standards already embedded within our network         have not recorded a material increase in insurance        enhance resilience to physical climate risks,
         infrastructure, which allow us to incorporate                                                                   integrating high-priority climate adaptation actions     where energy costs and supply volatility are more
                                                               claims relating to damage to our network or asset                                                                  pronounced.
         climate-adapted technological improvements            portfolio. We have experienced weather-related            into our planning, procurement, engineering design
         into our normal end-of-life asset replacement         events affecting our mobile access base station           and business continuity practices as insights are        In a 4°C pathway, while decarbonisation-driven
         programmes. Our review confirms that existing         network, for example, flooding in Mozambique              generated through future scenario analysis, and as       demand could be lower, similar digital connectivity
         controls and mitigation activities in place           disrupting Vodacom’s network, storms in Portugal          new technology emerges.                                  and technology solutions could present
         continue to be effective, and our current risk        and Ireland causing power outages linked to                                                                        opportunities to support customers in adapting to
         profile remains broadly constant. We will                                                                       Resilience to transition risks
                                                               electricity supply board failures, which have not         FY26 modelling, supported by refreshed data and          more severe climate impacts. While market sizing
         continue to monitor, periodically reassess and        resulted in any significant damage to critical                                                                     is uncertain and quantification remains
         update our highest priority risks for relevance, to                                                             cross-business stakeholder input, indicates that
                                                               infrastructure or our higher-value assets, including      Vodafone’s transition risk exposure (across energy       inconclusive due to data limitations, our research
         maintain alignment with our evolving business         data and technology centres. Insurance                                                                             indicates that digital connectivity and enablement
         and operational environment.                                                                                    costs, regulatory compliance cost, and evolving
                                                               arrangements continue to provide comprehensive            stakeholder expectations) remains manageable             remain a credible long-term growth area aligned to
         Over the medium to long term, particularly under      coverage for property damage and business                                                                          climate-trends.
         the higher warming pathways with limited global

         
                Strategic report                                Governance                                      Financials                         Other information               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            69


    Climate-related risk continued



    Risk management                                               (2) Measure                                                (3) Manage                                                  (4) Assure and monitor
    We apply a structured annual review process to                We apply our annual scenario analysis                      Climate-related risks are managed through                   We apply the Group’s Three Lines Model to
    identify, assess, and manage climate-related                  methodology described under Strategy to                    the controls and activities embedded within                 provide structured and proportionate assurance
    risks across the Group, integrating these into                evaluate likelihood and severity of risks. This            our CTP and existing operational                            over climate-related risks and controls. In the first
    our broader global enterprise risk management                 assessment is jointly coordinated by the Group                                                                         line, control owners within Group and local
                                                                  Head of Risk and Head of Sustainable Business              frameworks, as detailed under the                           markets, operate climate-related controls and
    framework. Our approach brings together
    insights from our markets, Group functions and                at an operational level.                                   Governance and Strategy section of this                     adhere to relevant policies, procedures and other
    external expertise to maintain a consistent view                                                                         report.                                                     relevant guidance. The second line, policy owners
                                                                  Our impact severity is based on the potential              
                                                                                                                                                                                         and Group risk, assurance and controls team,
    of risk exposure and prioritisation across time
                                                                  financial exposure to business, operations,                    Read more about our ESG governance model on page 25
                                                                                                                                                                                         provide oversight and challenge across these
    horizons and climate pathways. It is supported
                                                                  damage to brand and corporate reputation. This                                                                         controls, and also review these policies and
    by updated scenario modelling and continuous                                                                             Management actions include resilience measures
                                                                  year, we have performed a refreshed quantitative                                                                       recommend updates to strengthen design and
    monitoring of environmental risk drivers.                                                                                across network infrastructure, energy hedging,
                                                                 assessment, using the same model and approach                                                                          performance. The third line, internal audit,
                                                                                                                             energy optimisation, compliance readiness, and
        Read more about our global enterprise risk                as last year to deepen our understanding of the                                                                        provides independent assurance over the
        management framework on page 60                                                                                      strengthened governance of environmental
                                                                  potential financial risk exposure over different time                                                                  effectiveness of climate-related processes and
                                                                                                                             claims.
    (1) Identify                                                  horizons and temperature pathway scenarios.                                                                            controls across the Group.
    We identify climate-related risks and                         This risk model incorporates Vodafone’s                    For FY26, climate-related risk is reflected within
    opportunities through our established                         greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions data                      our sustainability risk category and recognised             (5) Report
    identification process, by reviewing key internal             alongside economic forecasting and modelling,              across other risk types, given its longer-term              Climate-related risks are reported through internal
    and external information. Insights on emerging                including sector growth, carbon price, energy mix          nature beyond the three-year business planning              governance structures, outlined in the
    trends and current climate impacts are gained                 and sector decarbonisation rates. It models the            cycle. Many elements are already captured within            Governance section of this report. The Group risk
    from media, industry and regulatory                           materialisation of potential costs, revenue loss,          existing principal risks, such as extreme weather           team reports Vodafone’s principal and emerging
    publications, white papers and prior analyses.                asset impairment and business interruption of              impacting our network resilience, changes in                risks to the ExCo and the Board, including any
    Internal and external experts are consulted to                each risk. Our defined approach to climate-related         policy increasing compliance or operating costs,            material climate-related risks that are identified
    embed business-relevant climate considerations                risk assessment builds on previous qualitative and         or volatility in energy markets impacting                   through risk analyses. During the year, if climate-
    and capture evolving sector-specific insights.                quantitative analysis performed on our physical            expenditure. This integration allows us to take a           related risks are identified at operational level,
    Our principal risk identification process                     assets1 and it provides us with a potential                holistic view across short and longer terms. We             they are reported to the local risk and compliance
    combines top-down and bottom-up inputs from                   inherent risk faced by our business.                       will periodically assess the risk as this agenda            committee within each market and escalated to
    local markets and Group functions on their                                                                               continues to evolve.                                        the Group RCC if required.
                                                                  In assessing the likelihood of an impact, we
    operating environments. This approach enables                                                                                                                                        We publish an annual external disclosure on the
                                                                  consider the probability that it will materialise          Each identified risk has a clearly assigned owner
    us to align a variety of risk observations with                                                                                                                                      Group’s climate-related risks and opportunities,
                                                                  based on current trends, forecasts and                     responsible for developing and implementing
    strategic priorities and consider the most                                                                                                                                           enclosed within this report. In addition, Vodacom
                                                                  projections, levels of uncertainty as well as              mitigation actions and control activities. Key
    relevant long-term climate-related threats and                                                                                                                                       Group publishes a standalone report, which also
                                                                  existing or planned mitigations. This assessment           actions for our highest priority climate-related risks
    opportunities to the overall risk profile,                                                                                                                                           discloses details of our climate-related risk and
                                                                  provides us with the residual risk exposure to             and opportunities are embedded within our CTP,
    alongside other strategic and business risks.                                                                                                                                        opportunity assessment for our markets in Africa.
                                                                 climate change. Our FY26 scenario analysis                 with clear accountability for tracking and                  

        Read more about our principal risks on pages 61 to 62     process and outcomes are detailed in the Strategy          monitoring management progress and as                           Click to read Vodacom Group’s latest TCFD report:
                                                                  section of this report.                                                                                                    vodacom.com/reporting-centre.php
    Note:                                                                                                                    expectations and regulatory requirements
                                                                  
    1. Physical risk analysis covers Group physical assets in         Read more about our definitions for scenarios          continue to evolve.
                                                                                                                             
       place as at 31 March 2025.                                     and time horizons on page 67                               Click to read our climate transition plan:
                                                                                                                                 vodafone.com/ctp


                                                                                                                             
    
    70       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                          Strategic report                             Governance                                     Financials                             Other information


         Climate-related risk continued



         Metrics and targets                                         The Protecting the Planet section of our Annual              Climate-related considerations are also                         Climate-related risk metrics1
         The metrics disclosed in this section are used to           Report, together with our ESG addendum and                   incorporated into our executive remuneration                    


                                                                                                                                                                                                  Climate-related risk
         monitor the key drivers of our priority climate-            methodology document, details our approach to                through an annual emissions reduction target                    metrics                               2026       2025      2024
         related transition risks identified through our             measuring and reducing GHG emissions. We                     aligned to our near-term science-based Scope 1                  Total Scope 1 and Scope
         scenario analysis, particularly energy costs                measure and report our Scope 1, 2 and 3                      and 2 target, to reduce the emissions from our own              2 emissions (market-
         exposure and emissions performance.                         emissions (including all 15 categories of Scope 3).          operations by at least 90% by 2030 against a                    based) (million tonnes
                                                                                                                                  FY20 baseline across our global business. 5% of                 CO2e)                                0.26      0.30      0.70
         We have set targets to reduce GHG emissions                 In addition to GHG emissions metrics, we prioritise          the executive Global Long-term Incentive plan is
         from both our own operations and across our full            energy-related metrics as a key indicator of                 linked to this climate metric, reinforcing                      Scope 3 emissions (million
         value chain. We have set (in FY24) region-                  exposure to climate-related transition risk,                 accountability for delivery of our climate-related              tonnes CO2e)1                        6.11      6.85      7.39
         specific net zero targets for our operational               including measuring energy use. We also measure              programme.
         emissions (Scope 1 and 2) to reflect                                                                                                                                                     Energy use (gigawatt
                                                                     renewable electricity purchasing, including the              
         fundamental differences and challenges in                                                                                                                                                hours)                             5,967     5,806      5,701
                                                                     proportion of our energy that is contracted from                  Read more about how ESG is incorporated into our
         transition pathways across Europe and Africa,               power purchase agreements (‘PPAs’), which are                     Remuneration Policy on page 105                            Note:
         while maintaining our overall Science Based                 multi-year contracts that can help to mitigate our                                                                           1. Information relating to prior years has been re-baselined to
         Targets initiative (‘SBTi’)-approved near-term              exposure to rising energy and carbon costs by                We seek to continually progress with establishing                  reflect the disposal of Vodafone Italy on 31 December 2024
         science-based target1 to reduce Scope 1 and 2               providing greater long-term price certainty. These           metrics and targets for all elements of our CTP,                   and the Vodafone UK merger with Three UK on 31 May
                                                                                                                                  including measures for initiatives relating to our full            2025. See our ESG addendum and methodology document
         emissions (from our own operations) by 2030                 established metrics are used in senior-level                                                                                    for more information: vodafone.com/esg-methodology.
         and our long-term target to reduce Scope 1, 2,              planning, prioritisation and performance                     suite of climate-related physical and transition
         and 3 (from our operations and value chain) by              discussions, demonstrating the increasing use of             risks. Our CTP also outlines the areas of                       Vodafone is aligned to the TCFD framework in
         at least 90% by 2040 against a FY20 baseline                climate-related information to inform operational            uncertainty, dependencies on key external factors               substance, with strong progress across
         across our global business.                                 and strategic decision-making.                               and risks to the delivery of our targets. We review             governance, strategy integration, and Scope 1, 2,
                                                                                                                                 our CTP every three years so that it remains                    and 3 metrics. During the year, climate-related
         Note:                                                       In FY26, we continued to strengthen and expand               relevant and aligned with evolving best practice                governance, management processes, and metrics
         

         1. Targets set for achievement within 5–10 years, in line   our suite of metrics to track the delivery of our            and current knowledge. During the year, we further              were further strengthened, supported by clear
            with methodologies defined by the Science Based          CTP, enabling more effective monitoring of                   developed data collection processes and controls                ownership and the integration of ESG
            Targets initiative.                                      progress actions across key initiatives within our           to support the metrics we defined and evaluated                 considerations into senior-level decision making
                                                                     plan. These metrics support oversight of                     their effectiveness to strengthen data quality and              through regular reporting (such as through our
                                                                     improvements in energy efficiency and energy                 support current and future disclosure of our                    ESG SteerCo). We continue to enhance the
                                                                     optimisation use across our infrastructure assets            metrics and associated targets.                                 completeness and consistency of externally
                                                                     and estate (such as by modernising our networks                                                                              disclosed climate-related metrics, supported by
                                                                     and deploying latest generation energy efficient             We report annually on the carbon emissions
                                                                                                                                  avoided using our digital solutions, which relates to           ongoing development of data systems, modelling
                                                                     radio hardware), as well as increasing the number                                                                            and disclosure processes, with further
                                                                     of sites powered by on-site renewables, and                  our customer enablement opportunity, as included
                                                                                                                                  within our ESG addendum.                                        improvements expected during the next reporting
                                                                     progress in decarbonising our fleet in Europe.                                                                               cycle.
                                                                                                                                  
                                                                     Together, these actions contributed to reductions in              Click to read more about our ESG addendum,
                                                                     Scope 1 and 2 emissions across the Group.                         including how we measure carbon enablement:
                                                                                                                                      vodafone.com/esg-addendum
                                                                         Read more about our climate metrics and targets in the
                                                                         Protecting the Planet section on pages 28 to 32               Read more about our approach to enablement on our
                                                                                                                                       website: vodafone.com/enablement
                                                                         Click to read our ESG methodology document:
                                                                         vodafone.com/esg-methodology                                  Click to read our climate transition plan:
                                                                                                                                       vodafone.com/ctp
                                                                                                                                  



         
        Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           71





    Governance at a glance


                                                                     Compliance with the 2024 UK Corporate Governance Code
                                                                    (the ‘Code’)
                                                                     In respect of the year ended 31 March 2026, Vodafone Group Plc was
                                                                     subject to the Code (available from www.frc.org.uk). The Board is pleased
                                                                     to confirm that we applied the principles and complied with all the provisions
                                                                     of the Code throughout the year. Further information on compliance with the
                                                                     Code can be found as follows:
                                                                     

                                                                     Compliance with the Code
                                                                     Board leadership and Company purpose           Read more
                                                                     Long-term value and sustainability                 pages 23–59, 64
                                                                     Culture                                            pages 38–43, 82–83
                                                                     Board activities and decisions                     pages 84–86
                                                                     Shareholder engagement                             pages 11, 73, 86
                                                                     Other stakeholder engagement                       pages 9–11, 73, 83–86
                                                                     Conflicts of interest                              page 90
                                                                     Role of the Chair                                  page 76

                                                                     Division of responsibilities                   Read more

                                                                     Non-Executive Directors                            pages 76–80
                                                                     Independence                                       pages 71, 90

                                                                     Composition, succession and evaluation         Read more

                                                                     Appointments and succession planning               pages 77–80, 89–90
                                                                     Skills, experience and knowledge                   pages 71, 73, 77–80
                                                                     Length of service                                  pages 71, 77–80
                                                                     Performance Review                                 pages 73–75, 87–88
                                                                     Diversity                                          pages 39–40, 71, 73, 86, 91

                                                                     Remuneration                                   Read more

                                                                     Policies and practices                             pages 100–120
                                                                     Alignment with mission, values and long-term
                                                                                                                        pages 100–120
                                                                     strategy
                                                                     Independent judgement and discretion               pages 100, 102, 109

                                                                         Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules
                                                                         We comply with the Corporate Governance Statement requirements
                                                                         pursuant to the FCA’s Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules by
                                                                         virtue of the information included in this ‘Governance’ section of the
                                                                         Annual Report together with information contained in the ‘Shareholder
                                                                         information’ section on pages 236 to 241.

                                                                     
                                                                     
    72       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                      Governance                                 Financials                        Other information


         Chair’s governance statement

         We seek to ensure the highest standards of corporate
         governance remain embedded throughout the Company
         
         Dear shareholders,                                    experience. Our spectrum and network                   On 18 February 2026, we announced our                   Non-Executive Directors
         On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present       sharing activation is ahead of plan, with              agreement to sell our interests in VodafoneZiggo        As I discussed in last year’s report, there were a
         the Corporate Governance Report for the year          28.6 million Vodafone and Three customers              Group Holding B.V. to Liberty Global plc for            number of scheduled changes in the composition
         ended 31 March 2026.                                                                                         €1.0 billion in cash and a 10% shareholding in a        of our Non-Executive Directors and Board
                                                               already benefiting from seamlessly using               soon-to-be-formed Benelux entity, which will own        Committees expected during FY26. With effect
         This report provides details about the Board and      both networks and we have upgraded over                100% of both VodafoneZiggo and Liberty Global’s         from the conclusion of the 2025 Annual General
         an explanation of our individual roles and            8,000 radio sites, removing a total of 16,500          Belgian subsidiary, Telenet Group Holding. The          Meeting, David Nish retired as a Board Member
         responsibilities. It also provides an insight into    km2 of ‘not spot’ areas.                               transaction is subject to the receipt of customary      and our Senior Independent Director (‘SID’),
         the activities of the Board and Committees over                                                              approvals and regulatory clearances and is              Simon Segars was appointed SID and joined the
         the year and how we seek to ensure the highest        On 1 October 2025, we completed the acquisition        expected to complete in the second half of 2026.        Nominations and Governance Committee. Anne-
         standards of corporate governance remain              of assets of Telekom Romania Mobile
                                                                                                                      On 5 May 2026, we announced our agreement for           Françoise Nesmes was appointed as a
         embedded throughout the Company,                      Communications S.A for €30 million, strengthening
                                                                                                                      the buyout of CK Hutchison Group Telecom                Non-Executive Director and joined the Audit and
         underpinning and supporting our business and          our position in the market. The integration is fully
                                                                                                                      Holding Limited from the VodafoneThree joint            Risk and ESG Committees. Simon Dingemans,
         the decisions we make.                                underway and we are migrating the contract
                                                                                                                      venture for £4.3 billion (€4.9 billion) via a           Non-Executive Director, was appointed as Chair of
                                                               customer base.
         I would like to give thanks to my fellow Directors,                                                          cancellation of shares. Completion is subject to the    the Audit and Risk Committee and member of the
         the executive team, and the people of Vodafone        On 4 December 2025, we announced that                  receipt of approvals under the UK National              Remuneration Committee. Michel Demaré,
         for everything you have delivered over this year.     Vodacom Group Ltd had agreed to acquire an             Security and Investment Act and expected in the         Non-Executive Director ceased to be a member of
         Your energy and passion drives us forward in          effective 20% of the issued share capital in           second half of 2026. Following completion,              the Nominations and Governance Committee.
         keeping everyone connected.                           Safaricom Plc, Kenya’s leading telecoms operator.      Vodafone will become the sole owner of                  Christine Ramon, Non-Executive Director ceased
                                                               Vodacom will acquire 15% from the Government of        VodafoneThree, the UK’s largest mobile operator         to be a member of the ESG Committee and joined
         The year in review                                    Kenya for a cash consideration of €1.36 billion,                                                               the Remuneration Committee. Delphine Ernotte
         We have continued to progress and implement                                                                  and one of the fastest growing broadband
                                                               and 5% from Vodafone for a cash consideration of       providers.                                              Cunci, Non-Executive Director ceased to be a
         the strategic transformation plans focused on         €0.45 billion. Following completion of the                                                                     member of the Remuneration Committee and
         three priorities: Customers, Simplicity and           acquisition, Safaricom will be owned by Vodacom        Board composition                                       joined the Nominations and Governance
         Growth. We have been accelerating financially in      (55%), the Government of Kenya (20%) and public        Executive Directors                                     Committee.
         line with expectations and must now continue to       investors (25%) and will be consolidated by both       Concluding an extensive and rigorous international      The Board, together with the Nominations and
         drive the next phase of our transformation; to        Vodacom and Vodafone. The acquisition provides         recruitment process, supported by Egon Zehnder          Governance Committee, has continued to monitor
         see Vodafone grow. After the changes and              both Vodafone and Vodacom with an opportunity          and MWM, Pilar López was formally appointed as          the composition and skills of the Board with a
         momentum of the last two years, we are now            to gain controlling ownership of one of Africa’s       Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director to       focus on succession planning for our
         well positioned, for multi-year growth across         most successful telecoms and financial services        the Board on 1 December 2025, following Luka            Non-Executive Directors as there are scheduled
         both Europe and Africa.                               businesses. Completion of the acquisition is           Mucic’s departure on 30 November 2025. Pilar had        retirements anticipated over the next couple of
         Strategic activity                                    subject to certain conditions and is currently         initially joined the Company on 1 October 2025 as
                                                               prevented by a court order. The parties expect to                                                              years. On 15 May 2026 we announced that
         FY26 has seen a continuation of strategic                                                                    Chief Financial Officer Designate to enable a           Amparo Moraleda will not be seeking re-election at
                                                               resolve the court proceedings and complete the         smooth transition and handover from Luka. Pilar
         activity for Vodafone.                                                                                                                                               the 2026 Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) and will
                                                               acquisition in the 2026 calendar year.                 brings strong experience from the finance,
         On 31 May 2025, we completed the merger of                                                                                                                           be retiring as a Board member and Chair of the
                                                               On 17 December 2025, we announced the                  telecoms and technology sectors across Europe           ESG and Remuneration Committees with effect
         Vodafone UK and Three UK. VodafoneThree is                                                                   and Emerging Markets, and is an excellent
                                                               acquisition of Skaylink, a cloud, digital                                                                      from the conclusion of the AGM. I would like to
         now the biggest mobile network operator in the                                                               addition to our team.
                                                               transformation and security specialist. The                                                                    take the opportunity to thank Amparo for her
         UK with 28 million customers, with a multi-brand
                                                               acquisition will support the acceleration of our                                                               outstanding service to the Company. In light of this
         mobile strategy in Consumer through the
                                                               growth in key areas, such as professional and                                                                  change, with effect from the conclusion of the
         Vodafone, Three, VOXI, SMARTY and
                                                               managed services, cloud and security in Germany                                                                AGM,
         Talkmobile brands. It was a fast start to our
                                                               and across Europe.
         merger integration including significant network
         improvements as part of our promise to deliver a
         best-in-class

         
                Strategic report                       Governance                              Financials                        Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            73


    Chair’s governance statement continued


    Anne-Françoise Nesmes will be appointed as           our Executive Committee and our global senior         of the organisational transformation we are                As in recent prior years, the 2025 Annual
    ESG Committee Chair and Christine Ramon will         leadership team, in all its forms.                    driving, to deliver our strategy and establish a           General Meeting (‘AGM’) was held at
    be appointed Remuneration Committee Chair.                                                                 customer-first culture. We recognise the                   Vodafone UK’s headquarters in Newbury,
                                                         Annual Performance Review                             significance of an inclusive environment where
    On 15 May 2026 we also announced that Olaf           Following an external review for FY25, this year,     everyone has the opportunity to thrive and belong.         Berkshire and was available to watch live via
    Koch will be appointed as a Non-Executive            the Board undertook an internal performance           A more motivated and productive workforce is               a webcast for those shareholders who were
    Director with effect from the conclusion of the      review, which I led with support from the Group       integral to delivering our three strategic priorities:     unable to attend in person. Shareholders
    2026 AGM, subject to shareholder approval.           General Counsel and Company Secretary, Maaike         Customers, Simplicity and Growth. The Board                were able to pre-submit questions or, if
    Olaf is an experienced German business leader        de Bie. Individual Directors and Maaike were          receives regular updates from management and
    with strong tech expertise, known for driving                                                                                                                         attending in person, ask questions on the
                                                         invited to complete a self-assessment                 appointed Workforce Engagement Leads,
    complex transformations in large companies.          questionnaire as well as speaking one-on-one                                                                     day, for consideration by the Directors at the
                                                                                                               Delphine Ernotte Cunci and Christine Ramon, on
    He blends deep knowledge of German                   with Simon Segars, Senior Independent Director.       employee engagement and the ‘Spirit of                     meeting. We intend to hold the 2026 AGM in
    corporate culture and capital markets with an        The findings were collated and presented to the       Vodafone’. In addition, this year the Board have           the same format, with a live webcast and
    entrepreneurial approach. I am delighted to          Nominations and Governance Committee and the          had opportunities to engage directly with                  ability to pre-submit questions, however we
    welcome Olaf to the Board.                           Board at their March 2026 meetings. I am              employees during various market visits. This               have decided to hold the meeting in
                                                         delighted to report that there was unified            provides valuable insight and enables the Board            Paddington, London.
    The changes in Board composition over the last
                                                         agreement that the Board continues to operate         to make informed decisions where appropriate.
    year have continued to strengthen the Board
                                                         effectively, with improvements in cohesion, pace                                                                 The year ahead
    dynamic and further provided valuable expertise                                                            Stakeholder engagement
                                                         and the quality of debate compared with the prior                                                                Key focus for the Board and I during FY27 will be
    in finance, operations and strategy to achieve
                                                         year. The recent Board refresh, clearer strategic     The Board is committed to understanding the                continuing to monitor the execution of Vodafone’s
    our priorities and deliver long-term value to
                                                         focus and leadership has resulted in stronger         views of all Vodafone stakeholders to guide our            three strategic priorities; Customers, Simplicity
    shareholders. The Board and I believe our
                                                         alignment, more open discussions and a better         decision-making process. We acknowledge that               and Growth. As an example for Customers,
    composition, with highly relevant sector and key
                                                         balance between challenge and support. Some           Vodafone’s success relies on the Board making              continuing our oversight of Vodafone’s satellite
    markets expertise, makes us well placed to
                                                         development actions were identified and we will       decisions that benefit our shareholders while              connectivity strategy given the opportunity this
    advise, challenge and provide management
                                                         look to progress these during the year ahead.         considering the interests of all stakeholders.             presents in ensuring customers stay connected
    oversight.
                                                         Executive Committee                                   Throughout the year, I have met with institutional         wherever they live, work or travel. An example
    Diversity                                                                                                  shareholders both virtually and in person. In              area of focus in respect of simplicity will be the
                                                         As previously announced there have been
    We remain committed to having a Board that is                                                              March 2026, I had individual meetings with a               continued monitoring of the FY26–30 Long Range
                                                         multiple changes in the Executive Committee over
    diverse in all respects. With support from the                                                             number of the Company’s largest shareholders,              Plan execution, assessing achievement of our
                                                         the last two years with five leavers and four
    Nominations and Governance Committee, we                                                                   engaging on strategic topics such as the                   simplification agenda as well as further
                                                         external hires, the latest being the appointment of
    continue to monitor requirements and best                                                                  turnaround of our German business, the UK                  consideration of technology trends such as
                                                         Ruth McGill as Chief Human Resources Officer in
    practices and are proud to meet gender targets                                                             integration, the regulatory environment, and               strategic implications of AI, including opportunities
                                                         January 2026. With this in mind, over the last year
    requiring Boards to comprise of at least 40%                                                               growth opportunities in B2B and Africa. We also            to improve productivity, accelerate IT
                                                         there has been a focus not just on succession
    women. This includes having females appointed                                                              discussed other topics such as Board composition           modernisation and strengthen customer centric
                                                         planning but clear development plans and an
    as Group Chief Executive and Group Chief                                                                   and remuneration. For individual shareholders,             decision making. In terms of Growth, focus will be
                                                         investment in onboarding support, coaching and
    Financial Officer.                                                                                         resources were made available during the year,             in ensuring this continues, whether inorganic or
                                                         team effectiveness.
                                                                                                               such as online presentations hosted by various             through appropriate M&A as the Board deems.
    As at 31 March 2026, we exceed the Parker
    Review target to have at least one Director from     Culture and strategy                                  retail investor platforms. I also met senior political     I hope that the following pages, reporting on our
    a minority ethnic group, with two appointed. As      Our mission ‘Everyone.Connected’ is at the core       leaders, including as the Chair of the European            approach to Governance at Vodafone, is insightful
    at 31 March 2026, 22% of our global senior           of our strategy and has guided actions at every       Round Table for Industry. This involved presidents         and I look forward to engaging with our
    leadership team are from ethnically diverse          level throughout the year. The Board understands      and prime ministers from across Europe and at              shareholders at the Company’s 2026 AGM.
    backgrounds and we continue to strive towards        the importance of culture and setting the tone of     supranational organisations such as the European
    the target for 25% by 2030.                          the organisation from the top and embedding it        Commission, the European Council and the                   Thank you for your continued support.
                                                         throughout the Group. We refer to our culture as      European Parliament.
    We strongly believe that these diversity targets     the ‘Spirit of Vodafone’ and it is a key component                                                               Jean-François van Boxmeer
    are not just an end goal, but a continuous                                                                                                                            Chair of the Board
    journey, as we endeavour to increase diversity
    on our Board,

    
    74       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report    Governance                                       Financials                             Other information






         Our governance structure
         Our governance structure facilitates effective decision-making and supports the successful delivery of our strategy.
         
                                                                                     The Board                                                      The Executive Committee
                                                                                     The Board comprises the Chair, Senior Independent              The Executive Committee comprises Margherita
                                                                                     Director, Non-Executive Directors, the Group Chief             Della Valle, the Group Chief Executive, and Pilar
                                                                                     Executive and the Group Chief Financial Officer. Our           López, Group Chief Financial Officer, together with a
                                                                                     Non-Executive Directors bring independent                      number of senior executives responsible for global
                                                                                     judgement, and wide and varied commercial,                     commercial operations, human resources,
                                                                                     financial and industry experience to the Board and             technology, external affairs and legal matters.
                                                                                     Committees.                                                    Committee members also include the Executive
                                                                                                                                                    Chairman Vodafone Germany and CEO European
                                                                                        A summary of each role can be found on page 76
                                                                                                                                                    Markets, CEO Vodafone Investments & Strategy,
                                                                                        Biographies of Board members can be found on pages 77 to    CEO Vodacom Group, Group Chief Network Officer
                                                                                        80                                                          and CEO of Vodafone Business.
                                                                                     Board meetings are structured to allow open                    Led by the Group Chief Executive, the
                                                                                     discussions. At each meeting, the Directors are                Executive Committee and other management
                                                                                     made aware of the key discussions and decisions of             committees are responsible for making day-to-day
                                                                                     the principal Committees by the respective                     management and operational decisions, including
                                                                                     Committee Chairs. Minutes of Board and Committee               implementing strategic objectives and empowering
                                                                                     meetings are circulated to all Directors after each            competitive business performance in line with
                                                                                     meeting.                                                       established risk management frameworks,
                                                                                                                                                    compliance policies, internal control systems and
                                                                                        Read more about the Board’s activities during the year on
                                                                                        pages 84 to 86
                                                                                                                                                    reporting requirements.

                                                                                     The Board is collectively responsible for ensuring             Details of the Executive Committee members and
                                                                                     leadership through effective oversight and review. It          their range of experience, skills and expertise can be
                                                                                     sets the strategic direction with the goal of delivering       found on page 81. Some members also hold external
                                                                                     sustainable stakeholder value over the longer term             non-executive directorships, giving them valuable
                                                                                     and has oversight of cultural and ethics programmes.           board experience.
                                                                                     The Board’s responsibility includes delivery of                   Biographies of the Executive Committee can be found
                                                                                     strategy and business performance.                                on page 81

                                                                                     The Board also retains responsibility for the Group’s
                                                                                     operations and the effectiveness of systems of
                                                                                     internal control and risk management, including
                                                                                     climate-related risks and opportunities, accounting
                                                                                     and compliance (including determining the
                                                                                     appropriate level of risk exposure, management and
                                                                                     mitigation for the Group). It is also responsible for
                                                                                     matters relating to finance, audit, reputation, listed
                                                                                     company management, corporate governance,
                                                                                     remuneration and effective succession planning,
                                                                                     much of which is overseen through its principal
                                                                                     Committees.
         
               Strategic report                                 Governance                      Financials                         Other information                Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          75


    Our governance structure continued



    Board Committee roles                                                                                        Management Committee roles
                                                                                                                

        Committee         Role and focus                                                                             Committee           Role and focus

        Audit and Risk    – Reviews the adequacy of the Group’s system of internal control, including the risk       Capital Decision – Assists the Executive Committee in fulfilling its accountabilities with regard to
        Committee           management framework and related compliance activities.                                  Board              capital allocation decisions, with a specific focus on Group-wide, cross functional
                          – Monitors the integrity of financial statements, reviews significant financial                                  and multi-market initiatives.
                            reporting judgements, and advises the Board on fair, balanced and
                            understandable reporting and the long-term viability statement.                          Business       – Assists the Executive Committee in fulfilling its accountabilities with regard to
                          – The Committee also has joint responsibility, with the ESG Committee, for                 Decision Board   business segment growth decisions, with specific focus on Group-wide, cross-
                            reviewing the appropriateness and adequacy of ESG disclosures provided within                                  functional and multi-market initiatives.
                            the Annual Report and the ESG Addendum, including the approval of their
                                                                                                                     Simplicity          – Assists the Executive Committee in fulfilling its accountabilities with regard to
                            content.
                                                                                                                     Board                 simplicity programme activity decisions, with a specific focus on Group-wide,
                                  Read more on pages 92 to 97                                                                              cross functional and multi-market initiatives.

        Nominations       – Evaluates Board composition and ensures Board diversity and a balance of skills,         AI Governance       – Sets the vision, strategy and policy for our development and use of AI, ensuring
        and                 as well as experience in ESG matters.                                                    Steering              oversight of implementation, agreeing resource allocation, and taking risk
        Governance        – Reviews Board and Executive Committee succession plans to maintain continuity            Committee             decisions related to AI strategy, policy and implementation.
                            of skilled resources.
        Committee         – Oversees matters relating to corporate governance.                                       Risk and            – Assists the Executive Committee in discharging its responsibilities for material
                                  Read more on pages 89 to 91                                                                              risks, compliance and adherence to the Code of Conduct. The Committee
                                                                                                                     Compliance
                                                                                                                     Committee             oversees risk management and internal control activities, conducts targeted
        Remuneration      – Sets, reviews and recommends the policy on remuneration of the Chair,                                          deep-dives and maintains an overview of the escalation of material issues to the
        Committee           executives and senior management team.                                                                         Executive Committee and, where required, to the Audit and Risk Committee and
                          – Monitors the implementation of the Remuneration Policy.                                                        the Board.
                          – Oversees general pay practices across the Group.
                                  Read more on pages 100 to 102                                                      ESG and             – Assists the Executive Committee with the effective coordination of ESG and
                                                                                                                     Reputation            mission activities and advises on reputational risks and policy matters.
        ESG               – Oversees the ESG programme and monitors the mission agenda in relation to
                            empowering people, protecting our planet and ensuring that we act with integrity.        Steering
        Committee
                          – Monitors progress against key performance indicators and external ESG index              Committee
                            results.
                          – Oversees progress on ESG commitments and targets.                                        National            – Oversees the capabilities to deliver on sensitive contracts where there are
                                                                                                                     Security              potential UK national security implications.
                          – The Committee also has joint responsibility, with the Audit and Risk Committee,
                            for reviewing the appropriateness and adequacy of ESG disclosures provided               Committee
                            within the Annual Report and ESG Addendum, including the approval of their
                                                                                                                     Entities            – Reviews the composition of material subsidiary boards and Vodafone
                            content.
                                                                                                                     Nominations           representatives on joint venture and other investments and approves the
                                  Read more on page 99
                                                                                                                     Committee             appointment or nominations of Vodafone representatives to joint venture
                          – Supports the Board with fulfilling its oversight of the Company, specifically how                              investments and other entities to ensure the appropriate mix and diversity of
        Technology
                            technology underpins Company strategy, including assessing risks and exploring                                 capabilities and talent.
        Committee
                            innovations for future growth.                                                           Disclosure          – Oversees the accuracy, timeliness and materiality of Group disclosures and
                          – Monitors technology development, innovation, risks, disruptors and mitigations.          Committee             approves controls and procedures in relation to the public disclosure of financial
                          – Reviews technology supply chains, partnerships and external relationships.                                     and non-financial information.
                                  Read more on page 98
                                                                                                                 
    76       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                        Governance                            Financials                                  Other information





         Division of responsibilities

         
         Independent Non-Executive Directors                                      Non-Executive Directors                                                 Chief Financial Officer
         
         


                                                                                  – Monitor and challenge the performance of management.                  Pilar López
         Chair                                                                    – Assist in development, approval and review of strategy.               – Supports the Chief Executive in developing and implementing the
         Jean-François van Boxmeer                                                – Review Group financial information and provide advice to                Group strategy.
         – Leads the Board, sets each meeting agenda and ensures the                management.                                                           – Leads the global finance function and develops key finance talent.
           Board receives accurate, timely and clear information in order to      – Engage with stakeholders and provide insight as to their views,       – Ensures effective financial reporting, processes and controls are in
           monitor and challenge management, guiding them and the Board             including in relation to the workforce and the culture of Vodafone.     place.
           to take sound decisions.                                               – As part of the Nominations and Governance Committee, review the       – Recommends the annual budget and long-term strategic and
         – Promotes a culture of open debate between Executive and                  succession plans for the Board and key members of senior                financial plan.
           Non-Executive Directors and holds meetings with the Non-                 management.                                                           – Oversees our relationships with the investment community.
           Executive Directors without the Executive Directors present.                                                                                   – Leads on supply chain management, including Vodafone
         – Regularly meets with the Group Chief Executive and other senior        Workforce Engagement Leads                                                Procure & Connect.
                                                                                  Delphine Ernotte Cunci and Christine Ramon
           management to stay informed.
                                                                                  – Engages with the workforce in key regions where the Group
                                                                                                                                                          
         – Ensures effective communication with shareholders and other                                                                                        Click to read more about the Board’s role and responsibilities and matters
           stakeholders.                                                            operates, answer direct questions from workforce-elected                  reserved: vodafone.com/board
         – Promotes high standards of corporate governance and ensures              representatives, and provide the Board with feedback on the content
           Directors understand the views of the Company’s shareholders             and outcome of those discussions.
                                                                                                                                                          Company Secretary
           and other key stakeholders, and the section 172 Companies Act
                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                          




           2006 duties.                                                           Executive Directors
                                                                                                                                                         Company Secretary
                                                                                  


         – Promotes and safeguards the interests and reputation of the
           Company.                                                               Group Chief Executive                                                   Maaike de Bie
         – Represents the Company to customers, suppliers, governments,           Margherita Della Valle                                                  – Ensures the necessary information flows between the Board and
           shareholders, financial institutions, the media, the community and     – Provides leadership of the Company, including representing the          Committees, and between senior management and Non-
           the public.                                                              Company to customers, suppliers, governments, shareholders,             Executive Directors, in a timely manner.
                                                                                    financial institutions, employees, the media, the community and the   – Supports the Chair in ensuring the Board functions efficiently and
         Senior Independent Director                                                public, and enhances the Group’s reputation.                            effectively, and assists the Chair with organising Director induction
         Simon Segars                                                             – Leads the Executive Directors and senior management team in             and training programmes.
         – Provides a sounding board for the Chair and acts as a trusted            running the Group’s business, including chairing the Executive        – Provides advice and keeps the Board updated on all corporate
           intermediary for the Directors as required.                              Committee.                                                              governance developments.
         – Meets with the Non-Executive Directors (without the Chair              – Develops and implements Group objectives and strategy having          – Is a member of the Executive Committee.
           present) when necessary and at least once a year to appraise the         regard to shareholders and other stakeholders.
           Chair’s performance, and communicates the results to the Chair.        – Recommends remuneration, terms of employment and succession
         – Together with the Nominations and Governance Committee, leads            planning for the senior executive team.
           an orderly succession process for the Chair.                           – Manages the Group’s risk profile and ensures appropriate internal
                                                                                    controls are in place.
                                                                                  – Ensures compliance with legal, regulatory, corporate governance,
                                                                                    social, ethical and environmental requirements and best practice.
                                                                                  – Ensures there are effective processes for engaging with,
                                                                                    communicating with, and listening to, employees and others working
                                                                                    for the Company.

         
                Strategic report                             Governance                                 Financials                               Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               77





    Our Board
    Our business is led by our Board of Directors. Biographical details of the Directors as at 19 May 2026 are provided below.
    External appointments listed are only those required to be disclosed pursuant to UK Listing Rule 6.4.
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Read full biographies vodafone.com/board
    


        Jean-François van Boxmeer                                  Margherita Della Valle                                        Pilar López                                                  Simon Segars
        Chair – Independent on appointment                         Group Chief Executive – Executive Director                    Group Chief Financial Officer – Executive                    Independent Non-Executive Director and Senior
                                                                                                                                 Director                                                     Independent Director
                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                             
                                                               

    
                                                              
                                                               

                                                                                                                             Tenure: <1 year                                              Tenure: 3 years
                                                               Tenure: 3 years (as Group Chief Executive)
                                                                                                                                                                                         Career and experience
                                                                                                                                                                                          
    Tenure: 5 years                                                                                                          



    Career and experience                                     Career and experience
                                                               
                                                                                                                            


                                                                                                                             Career and experience                                        Simon was previously the CEO of Arm Ltd., the global
    Jean-François was the Chief Executive of                   Margherita’s previous roles within Vodafone were              Pilar served for 10 years at Microsoft in a range of         leader in the development of semiconductor
    Heineken for 15 years, having been with the                Group Chief Financial Officer from 2018 to 2023,              senior leadership roles including COO for Western            intellectual property. He successfully led the business
    company for 36 years. He held a number of senior           Deputy Chief Financial Officer from 2015 to 2018,             Europe, Country General Manager for Spain and the            from 2013 to 2022 and generated significant value for
    roles in Africa and Europe before joining                  Group Financial Controller, Chief Financial Officer for       lead on Microsoft’s partnership with the London Stock        investors during his tenure. During 2017 to 2021,
    Heineken’s Executive Board in 2001 with                    Vodafone’s European region and Chief Financial                Exchange Group. Prior to Microsoft, Pilar spent 16           Simon was also a Board member of the SoftBank
    worldwide responsibility for supply chain and              Officer for Vodafone Italy. After moving to a Group           years with Telefónica in a number of finance and             Group. Prior to joining Arm in 1991, he was an
    technical services, as well as regional responsibility     finance position in 2007, Margherita established              senior leadership roles. Her experience at Telefónica        engineer at Standard Telephones and Cables.
    for the operating businesses in North-West Europe,         several shared operations functions, which provide a          includes CFO Telefónica Europe, CFO O2 Plc, Global
    Central and Eastern Europe and Sub-Saharan                 portfolio of services spanning IT operations, customer        Simplification Director, leading Strategy & Business         Skills and attributes which support strategy and
    Africa.                                                    care, supply chain management, human resources                Development in Spain and serving on the                      long-term success
                                                               and finance operations to 28 partners in other                Supervisory Board of Telefónica Germany. Pilar               – Possesses significant understanding of technology
    Skills and attributes which support strategy               markets.                                                      began her career at J.P. Morgan and was previously             trends and how these are reshaping industry
    and long-term success                                                                                                    a Non-Executive Director of Ferguson Plc.                      landscapes, which are important in charting the
    – Extensive international experience in driving            Skills and attributes which support strategy and                                                                             Company’s strategic direction.
      growth through both business-to-business and             long-term success                                             Skills and attributes which support strategy and             – Proven history of business transformation and
      business-to-consumer business models, both of            – Strong commercial and operational leadership with           long-term success                                              corporate strategy in dynamic and swiftly evolving
      which are integral components of the Company’s             expert knowledge of the global telecommunications           – Strong transformational and strategic mindset with           commercial environments.
      strategy and long-term success.                            landscape after three decades of direct industry              the ability to drive operational excellence and            – Extensive commercial acumen and knowledge of
    – Skilled communicator with a strong track record            experience.                                                   deliver sustainable growth.                                  critical business and economic issues.
      of developing stakeholder relations and                  – Considerable corporate finance and accounting               – Deep-rooted knowledge of the finance, telecoms             – Extensive experience in public company
      overseeing governance in the context of a large            experience, translating into expert knowledge of              and technology sectors gained through a wide                 governance and global leadership, together with a
      global organisation, which, in his capacity as             capital allocation, operational efficiency and                range of international leadership roles.                     strong understanding of digital inclusion and
      Chair of the Board, continues to be of great               investment appraisal.                                                                                                      energy efficient technologies, bring a valuable
      value to the Company.                                                                                                  External appointments                                          perspective to the ESG Committee.
                                                                                                                             – Inditex S.A., Non-Executive Director, member of
    External appointments                                                                                                      the audit and compliance committee, nomination             External appointments
    – The Magnum Ice Cream Company, chair.                                                                                     committee and sustainability committee.                    – Dolby Laboratories, Inc., non-executive director.
    

    Committee key
        Audit and Risk Committee                                   Upcoming Board and Committee Composition Changes
        ESG Committee                                              As announced on 15 May 2026, Amparo Moraleda will not be seeking re-election at the 2026 Annual General Meeting on 27 July 2026 and will therefore retire from the
                                                                   Board at the conclusion of the meeting. Anne-Françoise Nesmes will be appointed as ESG Committee Chair and Christine Ramon will be appointed Remuneration
        Nominations and Governance Committee                       Committee Chair with effect from the conclusion of the meeting.
        Remuneration Committee
                                                                   Olaf Koch will be appointed as a Non-Executive Director with effect from the conclusion of the 2026 AGM, subject to shareholder approval.
        Technology Committee
        Committee Chair      Member
    
    78       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                       Governance                            Financials                         Other information


         Our Board continued


                                                                                                                                                                                                 Read full biographies vodafone.com/board
         

             Stephen A. Carter CBE                                        Michel Demaré                                       Simon Dingemans                                        Hatem Dowidar
             Independent Non-Executive Director                           Independent Non-Executive Director                  Independent Non-Executive Director                     Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

         
         



                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                      

         Tenure: 3 years
                                                                                                                          Tenure: 1 year                                         Tenure: 2 years
                                                                     Tenure: 8 years
         



                                                                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                      

         Career and experience
                                                                      Career and experience                               Career and experience                                  Career and experience
         Since becoming Group CEO of Informa Plc in
                                                                      Michel began his career at Continental Bank SA,     From 2011 to 2019, Simon was Group Chief               Hatem brings over 35 years of experience in
         2013, Stephen has led Informa plc through a
                                                                      Belgium, before spending 18 years with The Dow      Financial Officer of GlaxoSmithKline plc (‘GSK’).      multinational companies and more than 26 years
         transformation into an international leader in
                                                                      Chemical Company in several finance and strategy    Prior to GSK, Simon worked in investment banking       of these within the telecommunications industry
         B2B events, digital services and academic
                                                                      roles in Benelux, France, the US and Switzerland.   for over 25 years at SG Warburg and then               across various leadership roles. Hatem joined e&
         markets. Prior to Informa, Stephen was
                                                                      He was Chief Financial Officer Europe for Baxter    Goldman Sachs, where he was a partner for a            Group in September 2015, initially as Group Chief
         President and Managing Director at Alcatel-
                                                                      International from 2002 to 2005, and Chief          decade advising a broad range of leading UK and        Operating Officer before being appointed Group
         Lucent, and also served a term as the founding
                                                                      Financial Officer at ABB Group from 2005 to 2013.   European companies across a number of sectors.         Chief Executive Officer in 2020, a position he held
         CEO of Ofcom. After Ofcom, Stephen served as
                                                                      He also served as Interim CEO of ABB during         Simon previously served as Chairman of the             until March 2026. Prior to joining e& Group, Hatem
         Chief of Strategy to the UK’s Prime Minister, and
                                                                      2008. He was independent vice-chairman at UBS       Financial Reporting Council.                           held various leadership roles at Vodafone including
         then as a Minister of State for Communications,
                                                                      Group from 2009 to 2019, vice-chairman/chairman                                                            Group Chief of Staff, Group Core Services
         Technology & Broadcasting.                                                                                       Skills and attributes which support strategy
                                                                      of Syngenta AG from 2013 to 2017 and Chairman                                                              Director, CEO of Vodafone Egypt and CEO of
         Skills and attributes which support                                                                              and long-term success
                                                                      of IMD Business School from 2020 to 2025.                                                                  Partner Markets.
         strategy and long-term success                                                                                   – Proven history of delivering extensive
         – Track record of value creation, with specific              Skills and attributes which support strategy          transformation and restructuring efforts to          Skills and attributes which support strategy
           experience in the telecoms and media sectors.              and long-term success                                 improve organisational performance.                  and long-term success
         – Experience in public policy, government affairs            – Proven multinational business leader with         – Extensive financial, operational and strategic       – Highly skilled strategist and visionary, with
           and regulatory engagement, which is                          substantial international finance, strategy and     experience, which is a valuable addition to the        experience leading several high-impact strategic
           invaluable in relation to the highly regulated               M&A experience.                                     Board to drive the execution of the Company’s          programmes.
           environment within which the Company                       – Highly skilled in governance and corporate          strategy to achieve our commercial priorities and    – Extensive corporate governance experience
           operates.                                                    stewardship, which Michel brings both to the        deliver long-term value to our shareholders.           through representation as chair and board
                                                                        Board and to each of the Committees of the        External appointments                                    member on several corporate boards within and
         External appointments                                          Company on which he sits.                                                                                  outside the telecommunications industry.
                                                                                                                          – WPP Plc, non-executive director and member of
         – Informa Plc, group chief executive.
                                                                      External appointments                                 the audit committee.                                 External appointments
         – Informa TechTarget Inc, non-executive
                                                                      – AstraZeneca Plc, non-executive chair, chair of    – Avantor Inc, director.                               – Etihad Etisalat Company (Mobily), non-executive
           director1.
                                                                        the nomination and governance committee and                                                                director.
         – BolognaFiere Group, director and member of
                                                                        member of the remuneration committee.                                                                    – BlackRock Frontiers Investment Trust Plc,
           the governance, nomination and
                                                                                                                                                                                   non-executive director.
           compensation committees1.

         Note:
         1. Please note these external appointments are part of the
            Informa Group.

         Committee key
              Audit and Risk Committee                                      Technology Committee
              ESG Committee                                                Committee Chair
              Nominations and Governance Committee                          Member
              Remuneration Committee
         
               Strategic report                         Governance                                Financials                       Other information                Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                79


    Our Board continued




    
                                                                                                                                                                                                          Read full biographies vodafone.com/board

                                                                                                                               
        Delphine Ernotte Cunci                                       Deborah Kerr                                                  Maria Amparo Moraleda Martinez                             Anne-Françoise Nesmes
        Independent Non-Executive Director and Workforce             Independent Non-Executive Director                            Independent Non-Executive Director                         Independent Non-Executive Director
        Engagement Lead
                                                                                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                               



    
    
                                                                 Tenure: 4 years                                               Tenure: 8 years                                            Tenure: <1 year
                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                          


                                                                                                                               
                                                                 
    Tenure: 3 years                                                                                                            



    
    
                                                                 Career and experience                                         Career and experience                                      Career and experience
    Career and experience                                        Deborah is Managing Director at Warburg Pincus.               Amparo joined IBM in 1988 and spent more than 20           Until recently, Anne -Françoise was the Chief
    Since 2015, Delphine has been President of France            Deborah has previously held senior executive roles            years with the company, becoming President of IBM          Financial Officer at Smith & Nephew Plc, the
    Télévisions, the French national public television           across a range of sectors, including Sabre, FICO,             Southern Europe in 2005. In 2009, Amparo joined            multinational medical equipment manufacturer, where
    broadcaster. Delphine was appointed for a third              Hewlett-Packard and Jet Propulsion Laboratory. Deborah        Iberdrola S.A. where she was Chief Operating Officer       she was instrumental in developing a transformation
    consecutive five-year term in May 2025, the first time       has also held non-executive roles at International Airline    of the International Division until 2012. Amparo is a      programme. Prior to Smith & Nephew Plc, Anne-
    this has happened to an incumbent President. Prior to        Group, Chico’s, DH Corporation and Mitchell International     member of the Royal Academy of Economic and                Françoise was Chief Financial Officer at Dechra
    that, Delphine spent 26 years at Orange S.A., where she      Inc.                                                          Financial Sciences and was inducted into the               Pharmaceuticals from 2013 to 2016 and Chief
    became Deputy CEO in 2010 and led the successful                                                                           Women in Technology International Hall of Fame in          Financial Officer at Merlin Entertainments from 2016
    turnaround of Orange France.                                 Skills and attributes which support strategy and long-                                                                   to 2020. In these roles, she helped define the strategy
                                                                 term success                                                  2005.
                                                                                                                                                                                          and successfully streamlined financial processes as
    Skills and attributes which support strategy and             – A wealth of technological expertise, including an           Skills and attributes which support strategy and           well as completed several acquisitions. Before that,
    long-term success:                                             understanding of complex digital transformations, which     long-term success                                          Anne-Françoise held a series of finance positions at
    – Considerable experience in the telecoms sector and,          continues to be central to the next phase of the            – A background in engineering, IT and technology           GlaxoSmithKline during her 16-year career.
      more recently, in media and technology, which                Company’s growth.                                             equip Amparo with significant experience and the
      enhances Board understanding of trends relevant to         – Detailed knowledge of the technology market, which, in        ability to provide valuable contributions during         Skills and attributes which support strategy and
      the Company’s operations and the wider European              the context of her role as a member of the Audit and          technical Board discussions.                             long-term success
      regulatory environment.                                      Risk Committee, affords insights into the risk profile of   – Corporate social responsibility experience and her       – Highly skilled strategist with substantial M&A
    – Sound technical skills fostered by Delphine’s                the Company as well as the sectors and markets within         experience as a champion of inclusion and                  experience.
      engineering background and distinguished career at           which it operates.                                            diversity are significant assets in the context of her   – Strong commercial leader with extensive expertise
      Orange provide a firm grounding to the Board’s                                                                             role as Chair of the Company’s ESG Committee.              in finance, IT, regulated environment, portfolio
      evaluation of specific opportunities within the telecoms   External appointments                                                                                                      restructuring and shared services, which Anne -
      and connectivity space.                                    – NetApp, INC. non-executive director and member of the       External appointments                                        Françoise brings to both the Board and to the
                                                                   audit committee.                                            – Airbus Group, senior independent director, chair of        Committees on which she sits.
    External appointments                                                                                                        the remuneration, nomination and governance              – Passionate advocate for inclusion and gender
    N/A                                                                                                                          committee and member of the sustainability, ethics         diversity. Member of the Corporate Responsibility
                                                                                                                                 and compliance committee.                                  Committee of Compass Group Plc.


    
                                                                                                                               – A.P. Moller-Maersk, non-executive director,
                                                                                                                                 member of the energy transition committee and            External appointments
                                                                                                                                 member of the audit committee.                           – Compass Group Plc, senior independent director,
                                                                                                                                                                                            chair of the audit committee and member of the
                                                                                                                                                                                            nomination and corporate responsibility committees.
    Committee key                                                                                                                                                                         – Sanofi S.A., non-executive director, member of the
        Audit and Risk Committee                                     Technology Committee                                                                                                   audit committee.
        ESG Committee                                                Committee Chair
        Nominations and Governance Committee                         Member
        Remuneration Committee


    80       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                   Strategic report                         Governance                                    Financials                                   Other information


         Our Board continued




         
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Read full biographies vodafone.com/board

                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                  Maaike de Bie
             Christine Ramon                                      Olaf Koch                                                       Group General Counsel and Company Secretary
             Independent Non-Executive Director and               Prospective Independent Non-Executive Director
             Workforce Engagement Lead                            subject to shareholder approval                                 Maaike de Bie was appointed Group General Counsel and Company Secretary on 1 March 2023 and has
                                                                                                                                  responsibility for the Group legal, compliance and company secretariat functions as well as advising the
                                                                  Tenure: <1 year                                                 Board on all aspects relating to corporate governance. She previously served as General Counsel and
         
         
                                                                                                                                  Company Secretary of easyJet plc and before that as General Counsel of Royal Mail plc. An experienced
         Tenure: 3 years                                          Career and experience                                           international lawyer, Maaike is dual-qualified in both the US and UK, with over 30 years of experience.
         
         
                                                                  Olaf is an experienced German business leader with
         Career and experience                                    strong tech expertise and a background in                   Membership and attendance
         Christine was Chief Financial Officer and executive      transforming large companies. He combines                   The table below details the Board and Committee meeting attendance during the year to 31 March 2026. The
         director of AngloGold Ashanti Ltd until June 2022, a     knowledge of German corporate culture and capital           number of attendances is shown next to the maximum number of meetings each Director was entitled to
         global gold mining company. Prior to AngloGold           markets with an entrepreneurial mindset.                    attend. Ad hoc meetings of the Board and its Committees were also held as required during the year.
         Ashanti, she was Chief Financial Officer of Sasol Ltd,
         a South African energy and chemicals company.            Olaf started at Daimler, held senior roles in               Membership and attendance
         Christine was also a former Chief Executive Officer      e-Business, Finance, Controlling, and Strategy, and         
                                                                  founded and sold an IT networks company. He was                                                                     Nominations and       Audit
         at Johnnic Holdings Ltd and had worked at Pepsi as                                                                                                                              Governance      and Risk   Remuneration       ESG     Technology
         a Financial Controller. Christine has held               MD of Operations at Permira, served as CEO of Metro         Name                                            Board        Committee    Committee     Committee    Committee   Committee
         non-executive director roles at the International        for nine years, and has been a partner at Zintinus
         Federation of Accountants, MTN Group Ltd, Lafarge        since 2021.                                                 Jean-François van Boxmeer                        7/7               3/3           –              –         4/4            –
         S.A., and Transnet SOC Ltd.                              Skills and attributes which support strategy and            Margherita Della Valle                           7/7                 –           –              –           –            –
         Skills and attributes which support strategy and         long-term success:                                          Luka Mucic1                                      4/4                 –           –              –           –            –
         long-term success:                                       – A deep understanding of the German market,                Pilar López2                                     3/3                 –         2/2              –           –            –
         – Considerable experience of African markets, which        regulations, and competition, combined with
                                                                    financial, commercial, and technical expertise to         David Nish3                                      2/2               1/1         1/1              –           –            –
           will provide invaluable oversight to the Company’s
           ESG programme, sustainability and responsible            drive efficient operating models, digital solutions,      Simon Segars                                     7/7               2/2           –              –         4/4          4/4
           business practices.                                      and scalable systems.
                                                                                                                              Stephen A. Carter CBE4                           7/7               3/3           –              –           –          3/4
         – Up-to-date investor relations experience and
           strong ambassadorial skills developed through a
                                                                  External appointments                                       Delphine Ernotte Cunci5                          6/7               2/2           –            2/2           –          3/4
                                                                  – Mercedes-Benz Group AG, Shareholder                       Michel Demaré6                                   6/7               1/1         4/5            5/5           –            –
           distinguished executive career to date.
                                                                    representative, Chair of the Audit and Legal Affairs
         – Highly experienced corporate finance executive                                                                     Simon Dingemans                                  7/7                 –         5/5            3/3           –            –
                                                                    Committees
           with extensive board expertise. This will
                                                                                                                             Hatem Dowidar                                    7/7               3/3           –              –           –            –
           supplement the Board’s financial, commercial and
           strategic capabilities.                                Committee key                                               Deborah Kerr                                     7/7                 –         5/5              –           –          4/4
                                                                      Audit and Risk Committee
         External appointments                                                                                                Amparo Moraleda7                                 6/7                 –           –            5/5         4/4            –
         – Clicks Group Limited, non-executive director,              ESG Committee
                                                                                                                              Anne-Françoise Nesmes8                           5/5                 –         3/4              –         3/3            –
           member of the remuneration committee and chair             Nominations and Governance Committee
           of the audit and risk committee.                           Remuneration Committee                                  Christine Ramon                                  7/7                 –         5/5            3/3         1/1            –
         – Discovery Limited, non-executive director, member          Technology Committee                                    Notes:
           of the audit committee and social and ethics               Committee Chair                                         1. Luka Mucic stepped down as Chief Financial Officer on 30 November 2025.
           committee, member of the remuneration                                                                              2. Pilar López was appointed Chief Financial Officer on 1 December 2025.
                                                                      Member                                                  3. David Nish stepped down from the Board at the conclusion of the AGM on 29 July 2025.
           committee and member of the treating the                                                                           4. Stephen A. Carter CBE was unable to attend one scheduled meeting of the Technology Committee due to a diary conflict.
           customers fairly sub-committee.                                                                                    5. Delphine Ernotte Cunci was unable to attend one scheduled meeting of the Board and one scheduled meeting of the
         – Remgro Limited, non-executive director.                                                                               Technology Committee due to a diary conflict.
                                                                                                                              6. Michel Demaré was unable to attend one scheduled meeting of the Board, one scheduled meeting of the Audit and Risk
                                                                                                                                 Committee and one scheduled meeting of the Nominations and Governance Committee due to a diary conflict.
                                                                                                                              7. Amparo Moraleda was unable to attend one scheduled meeting of the Board due to a diary conflict.
                                                                                                                              8. Anne-Françoise was appointed as a Non-Executive Director and member of the Vodafone Group Plc Board on 29 July 2025
                                                                                                                                 and was unable to attend one scheduled meeting of the Audit and Risk Committee due to a diary conflict.
                                                                                                                              
                  Strategic report                              Governance                                  Financials                        Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              81




    Our Executive Committee
    Biographical details of the Executive Committee, as at 19 May 2026, are provided below.

                                                                                                                                                                                     
    




                                                                 
    




                                                                                                                             Guillaume Boutin                                         Ruth McGill
    Margherita Della Valle                                        Scott Petty                                                CEO Vodafone Investments & Strategy                      Chief Human Resources Officer
    Group Chief Executive                                         Group Chief Technology Officer (CTO)                       Guillaume was appointed CEO Vodafone                     Ruth McGill was appointed Chief Human Resources
    

                                                                  Scott joined Vodafone in 2009 and has held positions       Investments & Strategy and as a member of the            Officer and member of the Executive Committee on
         Read more about the Group Chief Executive on page 76
                                                                  in Vodafone Business Product Management and
    
                                                                                                                            Executive Committee on 15 May 2025. Guillaume            1 January 2026.
                                                                  Technology before becoming UK CTO in 2017. He has          brings extensive strategic, operational and leadership
    Pilar López                                                   been the Chief Digital & Information Officer since April   experience to the executive team. Before joining         Ruth has over 25 years’ experience in human
                                                                  2021 as part of a newly created integrated European-       Vodafone, Guillaume was the Chief Executive Officer      resources and change management. She joined
    Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                 wide Technology team to drive the transformation to        of the Proximus Group, the leading                       Vodafone from ING, having served for more than five
         Read more about the Group Chief Financial Officer on     achieve Vodafone’s ambition to become a next-              telecommunications operator in Belgium. He began         years as Chief HR Officer. Prior to ING, she worked in
         page 76                                                  generation Telco. Previously, Scott held a number of
    
                                                                                                                            his career in a web start-up, then joined SFR in 2003    a range of senior HR positions at Standard Chartered
                                                                  Executive roles at Dimension Data, as Group                where he held various positions in strategy, finance     Bank, over a 10-year period. Ruth spent her earlier
    Maaike de Bie                                                 Executive – Services, Chief Operating Officer –            and marketing, until he joined Canal+ Group in 2015      career in HR positions at Norton Healthcare and GSK.
    Group General Counsel and                                     Australia and as Chief Information Officer – Australia.    as Chief Marketing Officer.                              

                                                                  Scott joined the Executive Committee in January 2023.

                                                                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                             
    Company Secretary
                                                                                                                            
    


         Read more about the Group General Counsel and
         Company Secretary on page 76
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                           Joakim Reiter                                            Alberto Ripepi
    Ahmed Essam                                                   Shameel Joosub                                             Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer             Group Chief Network Officer (CNO)
    Executive Chairman Vodafone Germany and CEO                   CEO Vodacom Group                                          Joakim, an Executive Committee member since              Since joining Vodafone in 2001, Alberto has held
    European Markets                                              Shameel joined Vodafone in 1994 and currently serves       August 2017, is Vodafone’s Chief External and            various roles in technology including CTO of Italy, CTO
    Ahmed was appointed Executive Chairman Vodafone               as Chief Executive Officer at Vodacom Group Limited,       Corporate Affairs Officer, responsible for public        of Europe and Operational Director for Group
    Germany and CEO European markets on 1 April                   a position he has held since 2012. He has extensive        relations and corporate affairs, including policy and    Technology. Alberto joined the Executive Committee in
    2024, and has been a member of the Executive                  telco experience having operated at a senior level in      regulation, communications, security, sustainability     January 2023 and is responsible for strategy,
    Committee since 2016. Ahmed has over 20 years of              various companies across the Group for the last 28         and charitable activities. He currently sits on the      architecture and design and for operating the Vodafone
    experience in the fields of telecommunications,               years, including Managing Director and Chief               Board of the Swedish Space Corporation. Before           network in Europe.
    strategy, financial planning, commercial management           Executive Officer at Vodacom South Africa and Chief        joining Vodafone, Joakim served as Assistant
    and general management. Ahmed joined Vodafone in              Executive Officer at Vodafone Spain. Shameel holds         Secretary-General of the United Nations and has also     
    1999 and earlier roles include Customer Care Director         board positions at Vodacom Group Ltd, Safaricom Plc        been Ambassador to the World Trade Organisation,             Executive Committee changes
    and Consumer Business Unit Director, Group                    and Vodafone Egypt Telecommunications S.A.E. He            served as a Swedish senior diplomat to the EU, a             During the year, the Company announced changes
    Management Director for Vodafone’s Africa, Middle             also sits on the board of Business Leadership South        trade negotiator in the European Commission, and             to the composition of the Executive Committee. On
    East and Asia-Pacific region, and a number of senior          Africa and the South African telco industry association.   has had a longstanding career in the Swedish Foreign         30 June 2025 Serpil Timuray stepped down from
    roles within Vodafone’s Group Commercial functions.           He was appointed to the Executive Committee in April       Service.                                                     the Executive Committee, having been a member
    Ahmed has been Group Chief Commercial                         2020, and is responsible for the overall strategic         
    Operations and Strategy Officer, CEO Europe Cluster           direction and performance of all its African operations,                                                               since 2014, and left Vodafone to pursue external
                                                                                                                                                                                          opportunities. Guillaume Boutin succeeded Serpil
    and CEO Vodafone UK.                                          comprising eight markets.                                  Marika Auramo                                                Timuray. On 30 November 2025 Luka Mucic
                                                                                                                             CEO Vodafone Business                                        stepped down as Chief Financial Officer and
                                                                                                                            Marika was appointed as CEO of Vodafone Business             member of the Executive Committee and was
                                                                                                                             on 1 July 2024. She brings extensive
        Committee key                                                                                                                                                                     succeeded by Pilar López. On 1 January 2026,
                                                                                                                             business-to-business experience with over 25 years           Leanne Wood stepped down as Chief Human
           Disclosure Committee                                       Business Decision Board                                in the global IT industry. Marika joined SAP in 1999         Resources Officer and member of the Executive
           Risk and Compliance Committee                              National Security Committee                            and held a diverse set of leadership roles since then,       Committee having been a member since 2019 and
                                                                      Entities Nominations Committee                         including Chief Operating Officer EMEA North,                was succeeded by Ruth McGill. Leanne will
           ESG and Reputation Steering Committee                                                                             Managing Director for the Nordic and Baltic region,
                                                                      Committee Chair                                                                                                     continue to represent Vodafone on the Board of
           AI Governance Steering Committee                                                                                  Global Chief Operating Officer of SAP Database and           Vodacom Group Limited and the Vantage Towers
           Simplicity Board                                           Member                                                 Data Management in the US, and Interim President of          AG Shareholders’ Committee.
                                                                                                                             the EMEA region. She previously served as Chief
           Capital Decision Board                                                                                            Business Officer for the EMEA region of SAP.

                                                                                                                             
    82    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                     Governance                                 Financials                           Other information






         Culture and the Board
         Our culture – the ‘Spirit of Vodafone’ – reflects the beliefs and behaviours that guide conduct and decision-making across the Group. Our Spirit
         fosters accountability, inclusion and integrity, supporting strategy execution and the sustainable delivery of our transformation.
         
         The role of the Board                                   Assessing and embedding culture
         The Board sets our strategic direction and the tone     The Board assesses Vodafone’s culture through a                                                                  In January 2026, Board and Committee meetings
         for our mission and values ensuring these are           range of mechanisms, including the policy and                                                                    were held in Egypt, where the Board visited VOIS
         reflected in the culture that drives long-term,         compliance framework, internal audit activity and                                                                Cairo Hub and had the opportunity to assess
         sustainable value creation. Through regular             employee speak-up channels. It evaluates how the                                                                 customer experience, employee engagement and
         oversight, the Board assesses how the desired           desired culture is embedded in practice, drawing on                                                              cultural progress as part of the local transformation
                                                                                                                         Site visits
         culture is lived across the Group, drawing on           assurance activities, thematic reviews and                                                                       agenda. The insights gained during this visit shaped
                                                                                                                         Board members regularly undertake site visits, which
         indicators of cultural alignment and insights from      management attestations. During the year, updates                                                                the Board’s subsequent discussions with
                                                                                                                         helps them to observe how culture is embedded
         engagement with employees and leadership.               from the Speak Up programme and integrity                                                                        Management on strengthening cultural alignment
                                                                                                                         throughout the Group and demonstrated by
         Inclusion remains a core principle, embedded in         reporting enabled the Board to assess whether                                                                    across the Group. In particular, the Board asked that
                                                                                                                         colleagues in action.
         the Spirit of Vodafone, Code of Conduct and             issues were appropriately escalated and resolved.                                                                the cultural strengths observed, such as effective
         business principles, and Directors are expected to      This, in turn, informed Management’s expectation on     In September 2025, during a two-day visit to             leadership behaviours, ambition, and a strong
         promote the desired culture by acting with integrity,   strengthening issue handling, leadership consistency    Germany, the Board had the opportunity to assess         approach to talent development, be considered for
         leading by example and fostering an inclusive,          and a strong speak-up culture. The Board also           customer experience, employee engagement and             wider application across the Group to promote
         responsible and trusted environment.                    monitored enhancements to the ethics and                cultural progress as part of the local transformation    consistency in how culture supports strategy
                                                                 compliance framework and challenged Management          agenda. As a result, the Board refined its expectation   execution.
         Alignment with mission, values and strategy             on clarity of responsibilities across the evolving      of Management on the need for clearer prioritisation,
         The ‘Spirit of Vodafone’ underpins our mission,                                                                                                                          The Board also used the learnings from the visit to
                                                                 Three Lines of Defence model. Further insights from     strengthened leadership standards and targeted
         values and strategy, defining the behaviours and                                                                                                                         reinforce the need for clear prioritisation and long-
                                                                 reporting on supply chain practices, child online       capability development to support cultural alignment
         expectations that guide how we operate and                                                                                                                               term capability planning to ensure that cultural
                                                                 safety, human rights and the empowering people          and the pace of execution. The Board also reaffirmed
         supports the creation of a trusted, inclusive and                                                                                                                        strengths can be sustained as strategic ambitions
                                                                 strategy provided visibility on how values are          the importance of sustaining a culture that enables
         sustainable digital society. The Board considers                                                                                                                         evolve. The visit also reaffirmed the value of direct
                                                                 reflected in decision-making. The Board used these      faster decision making, innovation and a more
         culture fundamental to organisational performance,                                                                                                                       engagement in key markets as a means of assessing
                                                                 to confirm appropriate governance and oversight and     customer focused operating model.
         fostering an environment where people feel                                                                                                                               how culture is lived across the business. The Board
                                                                 to reinforce expectations on due diligence, grievance                                                            believes that continued in-market engagement will
         included, supported and able to contribute. It also     mechanisms and responsible business conduct.
         recognises the importance of this in attracting,                                                                                                                         enhance its oversight of cultural alignment in regions
                                                                 Updates on the refreshed Code of Conduct and                                                                     that are strategically important to the Group’s future
         developing and retaining talent across the Group.       related governance provided additional assurance
         Throughout the year, the Board reviewed how                                                                                                                              growth.
                                                                 that expectations on behaviour and integrity remain
         management initiatives advanced strategic               clearly communicated and upheld. Taken together,
         priorities, including the four strategic shifts to      these inputs enabled the Board to strengthen its
         improve customer experience, drive efficiency,          oversight of culture, reinforce expectations of
         develop business solutions and optimise the             Management and support sustainable long-term
         portfolio for long-term returns. The Board also         performance.
         oversaw leadership development, evaluation and
         succession planning to ensure behaviours and
         capabilities remain aligned with the Group’s
         transformation agenda and long-term objectives.
         
              Strategic report                Governance                            Financials                           Other information                Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             83


    Culture and the Board continued


                                                       
                                                       



                                                           Embedding culture through workforce engagement
    Employees report strong motivation and                 The Board places strong emphasis on understanding the workforce experience to
                                                           ensure a culture that supports engagement, accountability and long-term performance.
    engagement, driven by supportive managers,
    collaborative teams, and flexible working.                                       Workforce engagement remains an important part of the           Workforce Engagement Leads, Delphine Ernotte Cunci and
    Wellbeing initiatives are making a real,                                         Board’s assessment of how culture is embedded across the        Christine Ramon, attended the European Employee
    positive difference.                                                             organisation. Throughout the year, the Board considered         Consultative Committee and the Vodacom Employee
                                                           Workforce                 insights from employee surveys, talent updates and direct       Engagement Forum to gather employees views. Key topics
    Ruth McGill                                                                      engagement activities to understand how colleagues              included M&A activities, talent management, wellbeing,
    Group Chief HR Officer                                 engagement
                                                                                     experience the Group’s mission, values and strategic            diversity and inclusion, hybrid working, services, AI readiness,
                                                                                    ambition in practice. The Board’s                               organisational experience.

        81%                                                                          Regular updates on leadership development, performance          conversations and the transparency of talent decisions,
        of our employees say they are happy                                          management and succession planning provided the Board           recognising their importance in supporting a fair and
        working at Vodafone.                                                         with visibility of how cultural expectations are reinforced     accountable culture. Discussions on the skills and behaviours
                                                           Talent                    through people processes. The Board used these insights to      needed to deliver transformation also informed the Board’s
                                                           strategy                  challenge Management on ensuring consistency and clarity        expectations of how leadership culture should continue to
                                                                                     in performance expectations, the quality of leadership          evolve.

        81%                                                                          The Board received feedback from the Spirit Beat survey         analytics could improve understanding of emerging themes
        of our employees would recommend                                             alongside qualitative insights from Employee Forum              from employee feedback, enabling earlier identification of
        Vodafone as a great place to work.                                           engagements, which offered a rounded view of employee           cultural risks and opportunities. As part of this, the new
                                                           Employee                  sentiment across markets. Board members also gained             Manager Effectiveness Index enabled the Board to build a
                                                                                     perspectives through informal meeting with employees            more systematic understanding of employees’ experiences of
                                                           listening                 during site visits and engagement events, enabling candid       their managers and to drive more focused development and
        85%                                                                          insights into lived experience and cultural consistency. This
                                                                                     input enabled the Board to identify where cultural strengths
                                                                                                                                                     action. Taken together, these workforce insights supported the
                                                                                                                                                     Board’s ongoing oversight of cultural alignment with the
        of our employees say their manager                                           are supporting progress, and where additional focus is          Group’s mission, values and strategy, and informed its
        keeps the team focused on clear                                              required to reinforce engagement and alignment during a         discussions with Management on sustaining a culture that
        priorities.                                                                  period of change. The Board also considered how enhanced        supports long-term performance and transformation.

                                                                                     Employees received regular updates from the Group Chief         ‘Viva Engage’, our internal digital platform, where Executive
                                                                                     Executive on how we are progressing our strategy through a      Committee and internal communications teams regularly post
        85%                                                Employee
                                                                                     wide variety of digital and face-to-face channels, including
                                                                                     markets townhalls, employee conferences, and monthly
                                                                                                                                                     on the platform to provide updates to our people on topics
                                                                                                                                                     such as financial results, business strategy, portfolio progress,
        of our employees report that their                                           leadership meetings. These are complemented by group-           and company achievements.
        manager provides feedback that                     communication
                                                                                     wide updates on Microsoft
        helps improve their performance.


                                                       
    84       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            Strategic report                  Governance                                  Financials                        Other information




         Board activities and key areas of focus during the year
         Board activities during the year focused on overseeing the execution of Vodafone’s strategic transformation, including progress on portfolio simplification,
         operational performance, and actions to position the Group for sustainable growth.
         
         During the year, the Board continued to lead       The Board engaged closely with management as    The Board remained committed to ensuring that             markets. Directors received regular updates on
         Vodafone through the next phase of its strategic   the business advanced digital transformation,   the Group’s mission underpinned decision making           stakeholder expectations, reputation, regulatory
         reset, providing clear direction as the Group      progressed major portfolio transactions and     throughout the year. This was reflected in the            developments and the broader external
         sharpened its focus on customers, simplified its   delivered key integration milestones in core    Board’s focus on customer experience, network             environment, ensuring discussions reflected the
         operating model and pursued disciplined growth.    markets.                                        resilience, digital inclusion, and the Group’s role in    perspectives of customers, employees,
                                                                                                            supporting national infrastructure across its             shareholders, governments and society.

         




         
                                                                                                                                                                                Strategic report                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Governance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Financials                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Other information                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    85


    Board activities and key areas of focus during the year continued







    Simplicity Execution of the Long-Range Plan The Board reviewed the FY26–30 Long Range Plan, which sets out the next phase of Vodafone’s simplification agenda. This included strengthening local market accountability, advancing the transformation of Corporate Services and Shared Operations, embedding AI driven productivity gains, and ensuring focus on markets where Vodafone can achieve sustainable, scaled positions. The Board considered the long-term financial framework underpinning the plan, including capital discipline, efficiency commitments and expected improvements in returns. Technology simplification and growth The Board held a dedicated Networks & Technology deep dive to assess progress on network modernisation, cloud migration, legacy system decommissioning and security resilience. Directors welcomed the improvements made and requested enhanced benchmarking against industry peers, greater visibility on long-term resilience plans, and a clear roadmap illustrating how network automation and AI will enable future revenue opportunities. Directors reviewed strategic initiatives to reinforce Vodafone’s leadership in connectivity, including satellite to mobile capability, 5G standalone deployment, network slicing and convergence propositions. The Board also considered the Group’s role in supporting digital sovereignty across Europe and in supplying secure, resilient national infrastructure. Technology trends The Board reviewed long-term technology trends expected to shape customer needs and connectivity demand over the next decade, including advances in AI, immersive devices, connected machines and next generation network technologies. Directors discussed how these developments may influence future data traffic patterns and the capabilities required to support more intelligent, cloud native and resilient networks. The Board also examined the strategic implications of agentic AI for Vodafone’s operating model, including opportunities to improve productivity, accelerate IT modernisation and strengthen customer centric decision making. Directors emphasised the importance of ensuring Vodafone can capture the benefits of new technologies while maintaining security, resilience, and trusted digital services for customers and public sector partners. VOIS Strategic Review Recognising the scale and strategic importance of VOIS, the Board undertook a structured review of its commercial model, competitiveness, and operational maturity. Directors agreed actions to increase transparency between VOIS and local markets, enhance service standardisation, and develop a five-year vision centred on quality, productivity and AI enabled operations. Governance, controls and internal assurance The Board monitored progress on SOX remediation, reviewed updates on data management and IT resilience, and considered the evolving internal control environment in the context of the 2024 UK Corporate Governance Code and upcoming requirements under Provision 29. The Board approved updates to Matters Reserved, Committee Terms of Reference and the internal FY26 Board evaluation process. Growth Portfolio optimisation and strategic transactions The Board oversaw several important transactions during the year, reflecting Vodafone’s commitment to disciplined portfolio management: Acquisition of Skaylink The Board approved Vodafone’s acquisition of Skaylink, a European cloud and digital transformation specialist. The transaction strengthens Vodafone Business’ cloud
    professional and managed services capability and supports the Group’s strategy to accelerate growth in digital services, particularly for enterprise and public sector customers. Vodacom’s acquisition of a controlling stake in Safaricom The Board approved Vodacom’s purchase of an additional 15% stake in Safaricom, increasing Vodacom’s shareholding and giving the Group greater strategic and operational alignment across Kenya and the broader region. The transaction enhances integration of M-Pesa, expands Vodafone’s position in high growth African markets and supports long-term value creation. Acquisition of Telekom Romania The Board approved the acquisition of Telekom Romania’s fixed line operations (now Vodafone Romania), a transaction that strengthens Vodafone’s converged capabilities in the Romanian market and supports the Group’s European fixed mobile strategy. The integration enhances Vodafone’s position in broadband, TV and converged services. VodafoneZiggo The Board approved the sale of Vodafone’s interests in VodafoneZiggo to Liberty Global for €1 billion in cash and a 10% shareholding in a future Benelux entity comprising VodafoneZiggo and Telenet. The transaction simplifies Vodafone’s footprint and enhances strategic flexibility by allowing the Group to focus on markets where it can generate sustainable growth and long-term value. VodafoneThree The Board approved the buyout of CK Hutchison Group Telecom Holding Limited from the VodafoneThree joint venture for £4.3 billion (€4.9 billion) via a cancellation of shares. Following completion, Vodafone will become the sole owner of VodafoneThree, the UK’s largest mobile operator and one of the fastest growing broadband providers. The transaction enables us to move at an even faster pace to transform the UK’s digital infrastructure and realise value for our shareholders. Inorganic growth The Board provided focused oversight of the Group’s inorganic growth agenda during the year. This included monitoring progress on the Vodafone–Three UK merger, ensuring appropriate governance of key accounting, balance sheet and control considerations. The Board also approved financing authorities to maintain balance sheet flexibility to support future strategic transactions. Through regular financial and strategic updates, the Board assessed valuation insights and portfolio options, ensuring disciplined evaluation of opportunities that could enhance long-term value.




    
    86       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                            Governance                                     Financials                               Other information


         Board activities and key areas of focus during the year continued



         Capital allocation and financial                         Read more about how the Board engaged with investors   workforce sentiment, leadership development and                 Modern Slavery
                                                                  during the year on page 11                             employee engagement. Directors reviewed Spirit                  The Board monitors the Group’s compliance with
         performance
         At each meeting, the Board reviewed the               People and Culture                                        engagement results, talent assessments and                      the requirements of the UK Modern Slavery Act
         Group’s financial performance, including service      Board Changes                                             retention priorities, particularly in markets                   2015 and approved its Modern Slavery Statement
         revenue trends, profitability, cash generation and    As part of its ongoing oversight of executive             undergoing significant transformation.                          in May.
                                                                                                                                                                                         
         cost transformation. The Board considered the         succession planning, the Board undertook a                Consistent with the 2024 UK Corporate                                   Read more about our Modern Slavery Statement
         near term free cash flow implications of the UK       comprehensive process to appoint the Group’s              Governance Code, the Board evaluated how the                            vodafone.com/modern-slavery-statement
         integration, the Group’s leverage position, and       new Chief Financial Officer. Supported by an              desired culture is being embedded across the                    




                                                                                                                                                                                         
         dividend planning within the parameters of the        external search led by Egon Zehnder and MWM, a            Group, ensuring alignment between strategic
         Long-Range Plan.                                      diverse longlist of candidates was considered and         priorities, leadership behaviours and frontline
                                                               shortlisted individuals were interviewed by the           experience.
         Dividend


                                                                                                                                                                                         
                                                               Chair and designated Non Executive Directors. On          
         In accordance with its duties under section 172       the recommendation of the Nominations and                      Read more about culture and the Board on pages 82 to 83
         of the Companies Act 2006, the Board                  Governance Committee, the Board approved the
         considered the long-term sustainability of the        appointment of Pilar López as Chief Financial             Diversity and Inclusion
         Company, the interests of shareholders and            Officer Designate from 1 October 2025 and Chief           The Board reviewed progress against Vodafone’s
         wider stakeholders, and the financial position,       Financial Officer and Executive Director from             diversity and inclusion commitments. Directors


                                                                                                                                                                                         
         performance and viability of the Group when           1 December 2025. This process formed an integral          approved the renewal of the Board Diversity
         determining dividends. Taking these factors into      part of the Board’s broader approach to ensuring          Policy, confirming continued alignment with the
         account, the Board approved an interim dividend       strong executive leadership and planned                   FCA Listing Rules, the Parker Review and the
         of 2.3625 eurocents per share, which was paid         succession.                                               FTSE Women Leaders Review.
         on 5 February 2026, and has recommended a
         final dividend of 2.25 eurocents per share for        Following a rigorous external search, we                  The Board also reviewed senior leadership                               Stakeholder engagement and s172
         payment on 30 July 2026. The Board’s decisions        announced the appointment of Anne-Françoise               succession plans, evolving workforce                                    statement
         reflect its ongoing commitment to a disciplined       Nesmes as a Non-Executive Director effective              demographics and initiatives to attract, retain and                     In fulfilling its responsibilities under
         capital allocation framework and a dividend           from the conclusion of the AGM in July 2025.              develop diverse talent across the Group’s markets                       Section 172 of the Companies Act 2006, the
         timetable aligned with shareholder expectations.      Anne-Françoise joined the Audit and Risk                  and operations.                                                         Board carefully considered the interests of
                                                               Committee and ESG Committee with effect from                                                                                     key stakeholders when making significant
         Buyback programme                                     the same date.                                                 Read more about inclusion on pages 39 to 40                        decisions. Key areas of engagement
         The Board approved a €2 billion share buyback                                                                                                                                           included customer insights, workforce
         programme following the completion of the sale        Following a further rigorous external search, we          The Board diversity policy is reviewed on an                            engagement and culture, shareholder
         of Vodafone Italy, in line with the Group’s capital   announced the appointment of Olaf Koch as a               annual basis.                                                           expectations (including feedback from the
         allocation framework. In approving the                Non-Executive Director with effect from the                                                                                      investor roadshow), regulatory engagement
         programme, the Board considered the Group’s           conclusion of the 2026 AGM on 27 July 2026,                    Read more about our Board diversity policy on page 91
                                                                                                                                                                                                 on competition and digital policy, and
         financial position, portfolio progress and            subject to shareholder approval.                                                                                                  oversight of Vodafone Foundation activities.
         shareholder returns profile. The programme                                                                      Risk management and internal control
         forms part of Vodafone’s disciplined approach to      In accordance with its terms of reference, the            The Board is responsible for maintaining an                             The Board ensured that s172 considerations
         capital allocation and reflects the Board’s           Nominations and Governance Committee led both             effective system of risk management and internal                        were integrated into discussions on strategy,
         commitment to delivering sustainable value for        of these appointment processes, and the Board             control. Throughout the year, the Board and the                         capital allocation, transformation
         shareholders.                                         was updated on the developments. The Board                Audit and Risk Committee reviewed principal and                         programmes and major transactions.
                                                               approved the recommendation to appoint Anne-              emerging risks, cyber security resilience, internal                     Examples of decisions taken during the year,
         Investor relations                                    Françoise at its April meeting in 2025 and                controls over financial reporting, compliance                           linked to our strategic priorities, are provided
         The Board received regular updates on market          approved the recommendation to appoint Olaf on            updates and findings from internal and external                         on pages 84 to 86
         performance, share price developments and             15 May 2026.                                              audits. The Board considered risk implications                      
         engagement with institutional investors and                                                                     arising from major programmes, including the UK                            Read more about Vodafone’s key stakeholders and
         analysts, including insights gathered through         Culture and the Board                                                                                                                how the Board has engaged with them during the year
                                                               The Board continued to monitor Vodafone’s                 integration, Germany turnaround, spectrum
         investor roadshows during the year.                                                                                                                                                        on pages 9 to 11
                                                               culture, supported by regular updates on                  investments and geopolitical developments.                      




                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                              Read more about our internal control framework, risk
                                                                                                                              management and effectiveness on page 95 to 96 and the
                                                                                                                              Audit and Risk Committee deep-dives on page 93

         
               Strategic report                                Governance                                   Financials                             Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                87





    Annual Board performance review
    The Board recognises that it needs to continually monitor and improve its performance. Our annual performance review provides the opportunity for the Board and its
    Committees to reflect on the effectiveness of its activities, the quality of its decision-making and the contribution made by each Board member.

    
                                                                                                                              Board Committees                                              The conclusions of this review were positive, with
    Process undertaken for our Board                             – Effectiveness;                                             Each of the Board’s Committees’ performance was               Committee members agreeing that the Committees
                                                                 – Skills, composition and diversity;                         also reviewed within the self-assessment                      were functioning effectively, and their respective Chairs
    performance review                                           – Leadership (the appraisal of the Chair, led by the                                                                       noted as effective in fulfilling their duties.
    In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance                                                                            questionnaire. Questions covered the logistics,
                                                                   Senior Independent Director (‘SID’), was included);        performance and effectiveness of Committees and
    Code 2024, an annual performance review of the                                                                                                                                          Key strengths of the Committees were highlighted, as
                                                                 – Fundamentals of administration and process; and            their respective Chairs.
    Board was conducted to consider its composition,                                                                                                                                        were areas for improvement
                                                                 – Board Committees.
    diversity and how effectively members work together
    to achieve objectives. Following an external
    evaluation for FY25, the FY26 review was conducted
                                                                 Conversely, the one-on-one meetings between                  
                                                                 Directors and the Senior Independent Director took a
    internally. The internal review was led by the Chair         less structured form to enable Directors to lead on the
    and supported by the Group General Counsel and                                                                                FY26 Board performance review findings
                                                                 topics of conversation and raise specific items and
    Company Secretary. The objectives of the review                                                                               The Board were encouraged by the strengths identified. The following items were noted
                                                                 comments organically beyond the appraisal of the
    were to provide an assessment of:                            Chair.                                                           in particular:
    
    – Vodafone Group’s Board effectiveness and                   The findings were collated and a paper presented to          Effectiveness                            Directors report a strong shared understanding of individual and collective
      governance;                                                the Nominations and Governance Committee and the                                                      responsibilities. The Board is viewed as cohesive, constructive and
    – The effectiveness of Vodafone Group’s                      Board at their March 2026 meetings. A summary of                                                      commercially focused, with open debate, candid challenge and timely
      Committees; and                                            these review findings are noted in the table to the right.                                            resolution of issues.
    – The effectiveness of Directors individually, including
      the Chair’s effectiveness, and how members work            Individual performance                                                                                Relationships across the Board were rated effective or highly effective,
      together to achieve objectives, taking into account        The self-assessment questionnaire included specific                                                   including between the Chair and SID; Chair and Company Secretary;
      their preparation ahead of meetings, time                  questions to enable a formal and rigorous review of                                                   Executives and Non-Executives; and among Non-Executives. Feedback also
      commitment, independence and courage to                    individual Directors’ performance. Each individual                                                    reflects optimism regarding recently established relationships following
      challenge.                                                 Director’s effectiveness of contribution was rated,                                                   Director changes during the year.
                                                                 asking the respondent to take into account preparation
    The structure of the evaluation was agreed to take a         ahead of meetings, time commitment, independence             Skills, composition, and                 The Board widely regards itself as possessing the requisite diversity,
    hybrid format, comprising self-assessment                    and courage to challenge. The performance and                diversity                                experience, knowledge, skills, expertise, and commitment necessary for
    questionnaires for the Directors and one-on-one              effectiveness of contribution for each Director,                                                      effective leadership in developing and executing strategy, addressing
    conversational meetings with the Senior Independent          including the Chair, was also considered as part of the                                               challenges and opportunities, and managing principal risks for the Company.
    Director. Response was also sought from the Group            one-on-one conversations. The results proved                                                          Effective succession planning for both Board members and senior
    General Counsel and Company Secretary to enable              favourable, concluding that Directors continue to make                                                management was also acknowledged.
    greater scrutiny and provide an additional review for        valuable contributions to Board meetings and to the
    consideration and reflection.                                meetings of the Committees on which they sit, as well
                                                                                                                              Leadership                               The Chair’s leadership was consistently rated as highly effective.
                                                                 as supporting the view that the Directors work
    With strong regard to the provisions and principles                                                                                                                Respondents highlighted that the Chair is well informed, adept at facilitating
                                                                 effectively together to contribute to the Company’s
    outlined in the UK Corporate Governance Code 2024                                                                                                                  discussions, promotes engagement, and ensures directors are kept updated.
                                                                 long-term success.
    and matters of specific importance to Vodafone, a                                                                                                                  Feedback highlights the Chair’s excellence, warmth, and openness in
    tailored questionnaire consisting of 28 questions was                                                                                                              fostering a positive setting for collaborative discussions. Additionally, the
    compiled to gather and distil feedback on the                                                                                                                      Chair’s collaboration with the CEO and Management was noted favourably,
    following topics:                                                                                                                                                  contributing to a well-functioning Board-management dynamic.

                                                                                                                              Administration and process               Board processes are effective, efficient and thorough which allow the Board
                                                                                                                                                                       to carry out its responsibilities.
                                                                                                                                                                       The quality and conciseness of Board papers was positively commended,
                                                                                                                                                                       with respondents describing them as well-written and informative.
                                                                                                                              
         88       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                          Governance                                 Financials                Other information


                Annual Board performance review continued






                                                                                                                                                                                                Focus areas for FY27
    Progress on FY25 actions                                                                                                                                                                     The Board identified and agreed key areas of
                                                                                                                                                                                                 improvement and focus for FY27:
    Progress against the areas identified for focus following the FY25 external performance review are shared below:                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                 – Board skills and expertise: identify
    Areas identified for improvement                       Progress:                                                                                                                               opportunities to further strengthen Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                   expertise, particularly in the German market;
    Longer-term strategic priorities:                      There has been noticeable improvement in this area, over the last financial year. Additional time has been allocated on the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                 – Board dynamics: create further opportunities
                                                           agenda to allow for further in-depth discussions on Vodafone’s clear strategic vision including use of the Annual Strategy meeting,
                                                                                                                                                                                                   for informal Board interaction, including
    Prioritise time on the Board agenda to explore the     where strategic issues supporting customers, simplification and growth were discussed and addressed.
                                                                                                                                                                                                   dedicated NED-only sessions;
    longer-term strategic ambitions and direction for
                                                                                                                                                                                                 – Succession planning: continue focus by the
    Vodafone
                                                                                                                                                                                                   Nominations and Governance Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                   and the Board on succession plans for the
    Our people:                                            During FY26, the Nominations and Governance Committee discussed Non-Executive Director (‘NED’) succession and senior                    Board and senior management, as well as
                                                           management succession planning. The Board also considered insights from employee voice updates, the Spirit Survey responses             internal talent development plans;
    Continue to ensure people topics are frequently        and how the new Vodafone Learning Organisation had accelerated change in five areas: leadership accountability, leading talent        – Long-term strategic focus: continue to
    discussed at the Nominations and Governance            acquisition, robust identification of talent, rigorous performance management and personalised skill and talent development.            prioritise time in Board discussions for
    Committee as well as on the Board agenda, with a       Consideration was also given to Vodafone Talent Strategy noting positive metrics in respect of internal promotions and assessment       forward-looking strategy, technology choices,
    focus on succession planning and development           against external benchmarking.                                                                                                          and long-term business model evolution; and
                                                                                                                                                                                                 – Site visits: add one further visit to a local
    Culture:                                               There have been improvements in this area, specifically in creating further opportunities for NEDs to meet employees informally.        business or market in the FY.
                                                           There have been 1:1 sessions with future talent and time spent with local teams during scheduled Board and Committee meetings
    Continue to create additional opportunities for        which provide insight into employee sentiment and culture. In addition, a mentoring programme has been established with individuals
    Non-Executive Directors to meet employees informally   allocated to each NED.
    and explore ways of testing culture change




                   Strategic report                              Governance                              Financials                         Other information                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           89





    Nominations and Governance Committee


    The Nominations and Governance                                    Letter from Committee Chair                           With the exception of Amparo, all other                          appropriate. A recommendation will then be
    Committee (the ‘Committee’) continues                             On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present       Non-Executive Directors have submitted                           made to the Board on the appointment.
                                                                      the Nominations and Governance Committee              themselves for election or re-election, as
    to monitor the composition, structure                             Report for the year ended 31 March 2026.              applicable.                                                      Appointment of Chief Financial Officer
    and size of the Board and its                                                                                                                                                            Following the announcement that Luka Mucic
                                                                      Board changes and succession planning                 The Committee is confident that the Board has the                would step down as Group Chief Financial
    Committees to ensure that there is an                                                                                   necessary mix of skills and experience to                        Officer during the year in order to pursue an
                                                                      A key focus for the Committee this year has been
    appropriate balance of skills,                                    Board composition and succession planning.            contribute to the Company’s strategic objectives.                external opportunity, a rigorous search was
    knowledge, experience and diversity so                                                                                                                                                  undertaken to identify his successor. The
    that responsibilities can be discharged                           As previously announced, David Nish retired from          Read more about the details of the length of tenure of       Committee, in discussion with the Chair and the
                                                                      the Board following nine years’ service as                each Director and a summary of the skills and experience
                                                                                                                                                                                             Group Chief Executive, Margherita Della Valle,
    effectively. The Committee oversees all                           Non-Executive Director, at the conclusion of the          of the Non-Executive Directors on pages 77 to 80
                                                                                                                                                                                             defined the qualities required in Luka’s
    matters relating to corporate                                     AGM in July 2025. Simon Dingemans, who had            Board Committee composition                                      successor, recognising the importance of a
    governance and succession planning                                joined the Board earlier in the year, was appointed   Whilst keeping the Board composition under                       proactive, results driven approach, combined
    and makes recommendations to the                                  Chair of the Audit and Risk Committee and Simon       review, the Committee also considers the                         with telecoms experience and credibility as a
                                                                      Segars was appointed Senior Independent               composition of the Board Committees, evaluating                  leader. The search was supported by Egon
    Board as appropriate.                                             Director replacing David Nish. In addition, as                                                                         Zehnder and MWM, both independent external
    
                                                                                                                            the balance of skills, experience, independence,
                                                                      announced earlier in the year, Anne-Françoise         knowledge and diversity requirements.                            search firms. A selection of candidates was
        Chair                                                         Nesmes was appointed Non-Executive Director on                                                                         presented to the Committee, the Chair and the
        Jean-François van Boxmeer                                     the same day, bringing additional financial           Following the retirement of Amparo Moraleda from                 Group Chief Executive. Independent
                                                                      expertise and strength to the Board.                  the Board at the conclusion of the AGM on 27 July                assessments of both internal and external
        Members                                                                                                             2026, Christine Ramon will be appointed Chair of
        Stephen A. Carter CBE                                                                                                                                                                candidates were also undertaken by Korn Ferry.
                                                                      The Committee monitors the length of tenure,          the Remuneration Committee and Anne-Françoise
        Michel Demaré (to 29 July 2025)                                                                                                                                                      Pilar López was identified as a possible
                                                                      skills and experience of Non-Executive Directors      Nesmes will be appointed Chair of the ESG
        Hatem Dowidar                                                                                                                                                                        candidate early in the process and was
                                                                      to assist with succession planning. Amparo            Committee. These changes to the composition of
        Delphine Ernotte Cunci (from 29 July 2025)                                                                                                                                           interviewed by the Chair, Group Chief
                                                                      Moraleda will have completed nine years’ service      the Board Committees continue to ensure
        David Nish (to 29 July 2025)                                                                                                                                                         Executive, members of the Committee and of
                                                                      on the Board at the time of the AGM on 27 July        alignment between skills, the specific Committee
        Simon Segars (from 29 July 2025)                                                                                                                                                     the wider Board. The Committee agreed to
                                                                      2026 (‘2026 AGM’) and as announced on 15 May          and individual responsibilities.                                 recommend her appointment as Chief Financial
        With the exception of Hatem Dowidar, the                      2026 will not be seeking re-election at the 2026
                                                                                                                            Non-Executive Director appointment process                       Officer to the Board, which was approved, and
        Committee is comprised of independent                         AGM. A search for her successor was undertaken
                                                                                                                            When considering the recruitment of new                          announced on 19 June 2025. Pilar brings a
        Non-Executive Directors. The Committee had                    and
                                                                                                                            Directors, the Committee adopts a formal and                     strong drive for results and an analytical based
        three scheduled meetings during the year and                  MWM, an independent external search firm was                                                                           approach to performance management with
                                                                                                                            transparent procedure, which takes into account
        additional ad hoc meetings as required.                       appointed to support the candidate search ideally                                                                      experience in effectively leading productivity
                                                                                                                           the skills, knowledge and level of experience
             The attendance at Committee meetings can be found        with expertise in the German market. Suitable         required as well as social mobility factors and                  and restructuring programmes. Pilar joined the
             on page 80                                               candidates were interviewed by myself, other          diversity. To start the appointment process, a                   Company on 1 October 2025 as CFO designate
                                                                      members of the Committee and by the Group             search specification is created and an external                  and was appointed Chief Financial Officer and
    Roles and responsibilities                                        Chief Executive. The Committee then made a            recruitment consultancy firm are appointed to                    an Executive Director on 1 December 2025,
    The terms of reference for the Nominations and                    recommendation to the Board for the appointment       provide support. The firm provide a list of potential            following the departure of Luka Mucic on
    Governance Committee set out the role and                         of Olaf with effect from the conclusion of the 2026   candidates with a diverse range of backgrounds                   30 November 2025.
    Responsibilities of the Committee and are                         AGM on 27 July 2026, subject to shareholder           and characteristics. Shortlisted candidates will
    reviewed annually.                                                                                                                                                                       Executive Committee changes, succession
                                                                      approval. Olaf is an experienced German               then be interviewed by Committee members
    
                                                                                                                                                                                             planning and talent pipeline
                                                                      business leader with strong tech expertise, known     before they meet with the Group Chief Executive,
          Click to read the Committee’s terms of reference:                                                                                                                                  This year, the Committee has continued to
                                                                      for driving complex transformations in large          Chair and other members of management as
          vodafone.com/board-committees                                                                                                                                                      focus on succession plans for executives below
                                                                      companies.
                                                                                                                                                                                             Board
                                                                                                                                                                                             
    90       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     Strategic report                        Governance                                 Financials                         Other information


         Nominations and Governance Committee continued


         level, looking at the strength, depth and diversity      Key areas of focus for FY27                              external advisors and stakeholders, Pilar met with       Conflicts of interest and time commitment
         of the talent pipeline to understand executive           – Continued review of Board and Committee                internal stakeholders responsible for the key            The Companies Act 2006 provides that directors
         talent requirements and the capabilities required          composition, tenure and onboarding;                    business operations within her reporting line. Her       have a duty to avoid a situation in which they have
         for both the immediate and long-term future. The         – Senior leadership talent and succession                induction covered a range of topics including            or may have a direct or indirect interest that
         Committee receives annual updates on                       planning; and                                          strategy, finance, commercial, legal and                 conflicts or might conflict with the interests of the
         succession planning and changes to the                   – Ongoing monitoring and review of any changes           governance.                                              Company. This duty is in addition to the existing
         membership of the Executive Committee.                     to governance requirements impacting the               Director development and training                        duty owed to the Company to disclose to the
         During the year, the Committee noted the                   Company.                                               As the external business environment in which the        Board any interest in a transaction or arrangement
         following Executive Committee changes had                Jean-François van Boxmeer                                Group operates continues to evolve, it is crucial        under consideration by the Company.
         been made:                                               On behalf of the Nominations and                         that our Directors’ skills and knowledge are             Our Directors must report any changes to their
         
                                                                  Governance Committee                                     refreshed and updated regularly. The Chair has           commitments to the Board, immediately notify the
         – Guillaume Boutin was appointed CEO                                                                              overall responsibility for ensuring that our             Company of actual or potential conflicts or a
           Vodafone Investments & Strategy in May                 19 May 2026                                              Non-Executive Directors receive suitable ongoing         change in circumstances relating to an existing
           2025.                                                                                                           training to enable each to remain effective.             authorisation, and complete an annual conflicts
         – Leanne Wood stepped down as Chief Human                Director onboarding and development
                                                                  Onboarding process                                       Individual training requirements are reviewed            questionnaire. Any conflicts or potential conflicts
           Resources Officer and was replaced by Ruth                                                                      regularly and the Board is kept informed of training     identified are considered and, where appropriate,
           McGill at the start of January 2026.                   Upon appointment, each new Director receives a
                                                                  comprehensive and formal induction programme             opportunities, including those offered by our            authorised by the Board in accordance with the
         – As noted previously, Luka Mucic resigned as                                                                     external advisers.                                       Company’s Articles of Association. A register of
           Chief Financial Officer and was replaced by            tailored to their needs, experience and the
                                                                  requirements of the role. Consideration is also          In addition to individual tailored training, updates     authorised conflicts is also reviewed at least
           Pilar López in December 2025.                                                                                                                                            annually.
                                                                 given to Committee appointments and the Group            on corporate governance, legal and regulatory
              Read more on the backgrounds of Guillaume Boutin,   General Counsel and Company Secretary assists
              Ruth McGill and Pilar López on page 77 and 81
                                                                                                                           matters are also provided by way of briefing             The Committee is satisfied that it has adequate
                                                                  the Chair in designing and facilitating the individual   papers and presentations at Board and Committee          measures in place to effectively identify, manage
         Governance Matters                                       programmes. Onboarding is crucial to ensuring            meetings.                                                and mitigate any actual or potential conflicts of
         The Committee receives an annual governance              that our Directors have a full understanding of all                                                               interest so as not to compromise or override
         update, which in 2026 included:                          aspects of our business, including the Group’s           Board leadership and governance                          independent judgement. The conflicts of interest
         
                                                                  strategy, vision and values, enabling them to be         The Committee continues to review action taken to        protocol is reviewed annually by the Board and
         – The findings of the Annual Board Performance           able to contribute effectively to the Board. All         comply with the 2024 UK Corporate Governance
           Review.                                                                                                                                                                  remains effective.
                                                                  Directors are also encouraged to attend site visits.     Code (the ‘Code’) and other legal and regulatory
         – An in-depth review of potential conflicts of                                                                    obligations during the year. The Committee               In accordance with the Code, the Committee
           interest and over-boarding issues arising from         Anne-Françoise Nesmes undertook a                        receives regular governance updates and is               actively reviews the time commitments of the
           Board Members’ external interests and                  comprehensive, tailored induction programme              satisfied that we complied with the Code in full         Board. All Directors are engaged in providing their
           relationships.                                         which covered a variety of business areas                throughout the year.                                     external commitments to establish that they have
         – Compliance with the UK Corporate                       including strategy, finance, compliance, risk,                                                                    sufficient time to meet their Board responsibilities.
           Governance Code 2024 (including preparatory            technology and networks and governance. In               Independence                                             The Committee is satisfied that the Board does
           compliance with new Provision 29) and the UK           addition to a briefing on Vodafone Governance,           In accordance with the Code, the independence of         meet this requirement and all Directors provide
           Listing Rules.                                         Directors’ duties, the Market Abuse Regulation,          all the Non-Executive Directors was considered by        constructive challenge and strategic guidance and
         – Compliance with the Economic Crime and                 and listing and disclosure obligations, Anne-            the Committee. Following evaluation, with the            hold management to account.
           Corporate Transparency Act 2023 and in                 Françoise met with senior management from key            exception of Hatem Dowidar, all Non-Executive
                                                                  business areas and functions.                            Directors are considered independent.                    Examples of external appointments considered
           particular overseeing the process of ensuring
                                                                                                                                                                                    and approved during the year include the Chair’s
           the verification of each Director’s identity at        Pilar López received a bespoke induction which           The Executive Directors’ service contracts and           appointment as Chair of The Magnum Ice Cream
           Companies House.                                       focused on her responsibilities as Group Chief           Non-Executive Directors’ appointment letters are         Company, Anne-Françoise Nesmes’ appointment
         – An update on new governance requirements               Financial Officer. In addition to meetings with          available for inspection at our registered office and    as Trustee of Macmillan Cancer Support, Christine
           and institutional and proxy advisor voting                                                                      at the 2026 AGM.                                         Ramon’s appointment to the Board of Remgro
           guidelines.
         – An annual review of the Terms of Reference of
           the Committee.

         
                Strategic report                            Governance                                    Financials                              Other information                         Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  91


    Nominations and Governance Committee continued





                                                              for further progress.                                          Board and executive management diversity
    Limited and Simon Dingeman’s appointment to the
                                                                                                                             Prepared in accordance with UK Listing Rule 6 Annex 1R as at 31 March 2026
    Board of Avantor, Inc.                                                                                                   
                                                              Whilst we commit to diversity and inclusion in all its
                                                                                                                                                                                                               Number of senior
    The Committee values the diversity of views and           forms, all appointments are made on merit and                                                                                                     positions on the  Number in  Percentage
    experiences our Non-Executive Directors bring to          objective criteria to ensure the appropriate mix of                                                                        Number of Percentage Board (CEO, CFO,     executive of executive
    the Board through their external appointments but         skills and experience on the Board, valuing the                Gender identity or sex1                                Board members of the Board   SID and Chair) management management
    also recognises the importance that they each             unique contribution that an individual will bring.             Men                                                                   6        46%                  2            6        55%
    have sufficient time to devote to their duties at the                                                                    Women                                                                 7        54%                  2            5        45%
    Company. Each external appointment is therefore           Although the Board Diversity Policy specifically
    reviewed carefully.                                       focuses on diversity at Board and Committee level,             Other categories                                                      0           0%                0            0         0%
                                                              commitment to diversity extends beyond the Board               Not specified/prefer not to say                                       0           0%                0            0         0%
    Annual Board Performance Review                           to the Executive Committee, talent pipeline and                
    In accordance with the Code, we conduct an                global workforce. The Board supports management                                                                                                      Number of senior
    annual performance review of the Board and                in their efforts to build a diverse organisation                                                                                                      positions on the  Number in  Percentage
    Board Committees, that Directors engage in and            throughout the Group and is regularly apprised of                                                                              Number of Percentage Board (CEO, CFO,     executive of executive
                                                                                                                             Ethnic background                                          Board members of the Board   SID and Chair) management management
    which is facilitated by an independent third party at     progress on the key diversity areas of focus beyond
    least once every three years. This review was last        the Board and Executive Committee.                             White British or other White (including
    facilitated externally in FY25 and was reported on                                                                       minority-white groups)                                               11     84.62%                  4            9     81.82%
    last year. In FY26, the internal review was led by        We remain committed to achieving our target of                 Mixed/Multiple Ethnic Groups                                          0         0%                  0            0         0%
    the Chair with support from the Group General             40% of women in management roles by 2030. We
                                                              have a number of initiatives including early career            Asian/Asian British                                                   1      7.69%                  0            1      9.09%
    Counsel and Company Secretary.
                                                              programmes and parental support to encourage                   Black/African/Caribbean/Black British                                  0        0%                  0            0         0%
                                                             increasing gender diversity throughout the                     Other ethnic group, including Arab                                     1     7.69%                  0            1      9.09%
        Read more about the outcome of the FY26 Board         workforce. We retain and further develop our
        Performance Review on page 87 to 88                                                                                  Not specific/prefer not to say                                         0        0%                  0            0         0%
                                                              diverse talent through focusing on different diversity
                                                              programmes, policies and leadership incentives                 Note:
    Diversity                                                                                                                1. The data reported is on the basis of gender identity.
                                                              during the year. Our ‘Talent Deal’ offers a package
    The Board diversity policy reinforces the ongoing
                                                              of support and guidance for employees identified as            The data contained in the tables on this page was collected as part of the annual declaration process, whereby
    commitment of the Board to supporting equal
                                                              top or accelerated talent, 39% of which are women.             the Board and the Executive Committee received declaration forms for self-completion. The declaration forms
    opportunity, diversity and inclusion in the
                                                              We also continue to invest in development and                  included, for all individuals whose data is being reported, the same questions relating to ethnicity, gender, sexual
    boardroom, in all its forms including age, gender,                                                                       orientation and disability. The data is used for statistical reporting purposes and is provided with consent. The
                                                              deepening our talent assessments as part of
    ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability and socio-                                                                     data in the above tables is as at 31 March 2026, and there have been no changes to the Board, or Executive
                                                              succession planning to ensure we reach our talent
    economic background. The Committee                                                                                       Committee, in the period between then and the date of this report.
                                                              targets for successors.
    acknowledges the significant role diversity and
    inclusion has on the effective functioning of the         As at 31 March 2026, our Executive Committee has               Diversity targets
    Board and its Committees and believes a diverse           five positions held by women (45%) and 18.18% of               
                                                                                                                                 Target                                                             Progress
    Board brings a broader perspective, which                 the Executive Committee identifies as ethnically
    enables it to be better equipped to understand the        diverse. In the Senior Leadership Team, 34% of                     The Board aspires to meet and ultimately exceed the                As at 31 March 2026 54% of our Board identified as
    views of our stakeholders as well as our                  positions (from continuing operations) are held by                 target for at least 40% of Board positions to be held by           women.
    shareholders in the decision-making process.              women and 22% of the Senior Leadership Team                        women.
                                                              (from continuing operations) identifies as ethnically
    The Board diversity policy is kept under review to                                                                           That at least one of the positions of Chair, CEO, CFO or As at 31 March 2026 our Group Chief Executive
                                                              diverse.
    ensure the objectives remain appropriate and                                                                                Senior Independent Director is held by a woman.          and Group Chief Financial Officer positions are
    sufficiently stretching. We also continue to monitor          Read more on Senior Leadership Team diversity on page 40                                                                held by women.
    requirements set by the Financial Conduct
    Authority, FTSE Women Leaders Review and                                                                                     That at least one member of the Board is from a                    As at 31 March 2026, we currently have two Board
    Parker Review in terms of gender and ethnic                                                                                  minority ethnic background.                                        members from a minority background. Vodafone
    diversity. Vodafone acknowledges that these                                                                                                                                                     continually aspires to increase diverse representation
    targets are not just an end goal, but rather steps                                                                                                                                              on our Board. Independent executive search firms are
                                                                                                                                                                                                    used to ensure a diverse range of candidates.
    towards a drive
                                                                                                                             
    92       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                       Governance                                Financials                          Other information




         Audit and Risk Committee

         The Committee oversees the Group’s                           – Review the Group’s Q1 and Q3 trading updates;          Committee members have competence relevant to            geopolitical risks and supply chain disruption
                                                                      – Monitor the Group’s risk management system,            the sector in which the Group operates.                  risks resulting from the conflict involving Iran,
         risk management systems, corporate                             review of the principal risks and the                                                                           including potential impacts on the operations and
         reporting, internal control and related                        management of those risks;                             Letter from Committee Chair                              financial position of the Group;
         assurance processes as well as the                           – Monitor the activities and review the                  I am pleased to present my first report as Chair of    – Environmental, Social and Governance (‘ESG’)
                                                                        effectiveness of the Internal Audit function;          the Committee. It outlines how the Committee             reporting and the future Corporate Sustainability
         external audit process. The                                  – Review the system of internal financial control        operates and sets out our key activities over the        Reporting Directive (‘CSRD’) requirements were
         Committee’s activities in the year                             and compliance with section 404 of the US              past year. The Committee met six times during the        also focus areas for the Committee. Alongside
         included oversight of the Group’s risk,                        Sarbanes-Oxley Act;                                    year. The attendance by members at Committee             the ESG Committee, we considered the
                                                                      – Review and monitor the external auditor’s              meetings can be seen on page 80. Each meeting            appropriateness of disclosures included in this
         control and compliance processes,                              independence and objectivity, and the                  agenda included a range of topics across the             Annual Report.
         including reviewing how they were                              effectiveness of the external audit; and               Committee’s areas of responsibility, as outlined
         adapting as a result of both the                             – Review and provide advice to the Board on the          below.                                                 Internal control
                                                                        approval of the Group’s US Annual Report on                                                                   – The Committee met with the Group Internal Audit
         Group’s ongoing transformation and                             Form 20-F.                                             Risk management                                          Director at each meeting to monitor progress
         to new regulatory requirements,                                                                                       – We undertook our annual review to identify the         against the annual internal audit plan. We also
                                                                      The Committee’s terms of reference were                    Group’s principal risks, which formed a key
         including the Corporate Sustainability                       reviewed and updated during the year to reflect
                                                                                                                                                                                        met with the Group Risk and Assurance Director
                                                                                                                                 element to the scoping of our business and             to review progress on the implementation of
         Reporting Directive and amended                              changes to the 2024 UK Corporate Governance                functional reviews in the year These focused on        amended Provision 29 of the 2024 UK Corporate
         Provision 29 in the 2024 Corporate                           Code and to include oversight of ESG disclosures           the effectiveness of the local risk management         Governance Code and the Global Director of
                                                                      and non-financial reporting.                               and control environments and central functional
         Governance Code.                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                        Compliance and Business Integrity to monitor the
         
                                                                          Click to read the Committee’s terms of reference:
                                                                                                                                 management;                                            work on the 3LOD programme.
                                                                          vodafone.com/board-committees                        – We met a number of times during the year with        – As part of the year-end closing process, an error
             Chair and financial expert
                                                                                                                                 the Group Chief Technology Officer and the             was identified relating to the assessment of the
             Simon Dingemans
                                                                      Committee governance                                       Cyber Security, Technology Strategy and                recoverability of a deferred tax asset for a new
             Members                                                  Committee meetings are scheduled to take place             Governance Director to review and challenge            UK tax group that was formed after the
             Michel Demaré                                            ahead of Board meetings. The Committee Chair               strategies and activities around cyber threats,        completion of the merger of Vodafone UK and
             Deborah Kerr                                             reports to the Board, as a separate agenda item,           data protection, IT resilience and transformation.     Three UK. Remediation activities have
             Anne-Françoise Nesmes (appointed 29 July                 on the activities of the Committee and matters of                                                                 commenced to address the control deficiency.
             2025)                                                    particular relevance. The Board has access to the        Corporate reporting                                      This was classified as a material weakness under
             Christine Ramon                                          Committee’s papers and receives copies of the            – We considered the significant financial reporting      Section 404 of the US Sarbanes Oxley act. See
                                                                      Committee’s minutes. The Committee regularly               judgements that impacted the half-year and             pages 96 and 126 for further information.
               The attendance at Committee meetings can be found on
               page 80                                                meets separately with the external auditor, the            year-end reporting. This included impairment
                                                                      Group Chief Financial Officer and the Group Audit          reviews, taxation judgements and legal               External audit process
         

                                                                      Director without others being present. The Chair           contingencies;                                       – We are satisfied that our external auditor, Ernst &
         Key responsibilities                                         also meets regularly with the external lead audit        – We also reviewed the Q1 and Q3 trading                 Young (‘EY’), provides robust challenge to
                                                                      partner during the year, outside of the formal             updates and the half-year and year-end results         management and offers an independent view to
         The responsibilities of the Committee are to:                                                                           announcements;
                                                                     Committee process.                                                                                                the Committee on key financial reporting
         – Monitor the integrity of the financial statements,                                                                  – We reviewed this Annual Report. Our work               judgements and the control environment.
           including the review of significant financial              The Chair is designated as the financial expert on         included reviews of the Strategic Report and the
                                                                      the Committee for the purposes of the US                   going concern and long-term viability                Simon Dingemans
           reporting judgements;
                                                                      Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the 2024 UK Corporate               statements;                                          On behalf of the Audit and Risk Committee
         – Provide advice to the Board on whether the
           Annual Report is fair, balanced and                        Governance Code (‘Code’). The appointed                  – The Committee reviewed the heightened
                                                                                                                                                                                      19 May 2026
           understandable, and on the appropriateness of
           the long-term viability statement and going                                                                         
           concern;
               Strategic report                             Governance                                    Financials                       Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          93


    Audit and Risk Committee continued





    Risk management                                                                                                        Corporate reporting                                     Following discussions with management and the
    The Committee performed a series of deep dives with management, focused around the Group’s principal                   The Committee’s primary responsibility in relation      external auditor, the Committee approved the
    risks during the year.                                                                                                 to the Group’s financial reporting is to review, with   disclosures of the accounting policies and practices
                                                                                                                                                                                  set out in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ and within
                                                                                                                           management and the external auditor, the
    Principal risk       Area of focus                                                                                                                                             other notes to the consolidated financial
                                                                                                                           appropriateness of the half-year and annual
    Cyber threat         Cyber security                                                                                    consolidated financial statements. The Committee        statements.
                         The Committee met on a number of times during the year with the Group Chief Technology            focuses on:
                         Officer, the Group Chief Network Officer and the Cyber Security, Technology Strategy and                                                                  Fair, balanced and understandable
                                                                                                                           
                         Governance Director. Topics covered included: (i) strategy, (ii) a deep-dive update on cyber                                                              The Committee assessed whether the Annual
                         risk, including the review of risks relating to ransomware and (iii) incident risk management.    – The quality and acceptability of accounting
                                                                                                                                                                                   Report, taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and
                                                                                                                             policies and practices;
    IT resilience and    Technology resilience
                                                                                                                                                                                   understandable and provides the information
                                                                                                                           – Providing advice to the Board on the form and
    transformation       The Committee met with the Group Chief Network Officer for the annual review of the                                                                       necessary for shareholders to assess the
                                                                                                                             basis underlying the long-term viability
                         Group’s activities and strategies to mitigate the principal risks around technology resilience.                                                           Company’s position and performance, business
    Network resilience                                                                                                       statement;
                                                                                                                                                                                   model and strategy. This assessment is supported
    and infrastructure                                                                                                     – Material areas in which significant judgements
                                                                                                                                                                                   by the Group’s Disclosure Committee, which
    competitiveness                                                                                                          have been applied or where significant issues
                                                                                                                                                                                   reviews and assesses the appropriateness of
                                                                                                                             have been discussed with the external auditor;
    Supply chain         Business reviews                                                                                                                                          investor communications including the Annual
                                                                                                                           – An assessment of whether the Annual Report,
    disruption           The Committee met with a range of markets and business units, with a focus on the                                                                         Report and results announcements. The Disclosure
                         operational landscape, local risk assessments and related activity, the control environment
                                                                                                                             taken as a whole, is fair, balanced, and
    Adverse changes
                                                                                                                                                                                   Committee is chaired by the Group Chief Financial
                         and progress against any findings from Internal Audit activities. This included:                    understandable and whether our US Annual
    in macroeconomic                                                                                                                                                               Officer who briefs the Committee on the Disclosure
                                                                                                                             Report on Form 20-F complies with relevant US
    conditions       – An update on the current macro environment with the CEO European Markets and the                                                                            Committee’s work and findings.
                                                                                                                             regulations;
                       Global Supply Chain Director;                                                                       – The clarity of the disclosures and compliance
    Company          – A review of Vodafone Business with the Vodafone Business CEO and CFO;
                                                                                                                                                                                   The Committee reviewed the processes and
    transformation                                                                                                           with financial reporting standards and relevant       controls that underpin the Annual Report’s
                     – A market review with the Vodacom Group CEO and CFO;
                     – A market review with the CEO and CFO of Vodafone Türkiye and the CEO European
                                                                                                                             financial and governance reporting                    preparation, ensuring that all contributors and
    Adverse market
    competition        Markets;                                                                                              requirements; and                                     senior management are fully aware of the
                     – A market review and risk update with the CEO of VodafoneZiggo;                                      – Any correspondence from regulators in relation        requirements and their responsibilities. This
                     – A governance review of the investment portfolio with the CEO Vodafone Investments and                 to our financial reporting.                           included the financial reporting responsibilities of
                       Strategy; and                                                                                                                                               the Directors under section 172 of the Companies
                     – A review of Vodafone Shared Operations with the CEO of Vodafone Shared Operations.                  In addition, the Committee reviewed the unaudited
                                                                                                                                                                                   Act 2006 to promote the success of the Company
                                                                                                                           Q1 and Q3 Trading updates with management,
    Company              Three Lines of Defence (‘3LOD’) programme                                                                                                                 for the benefit of its members, as well as
                                                                                                                           together with any key judgements that had been
    transformation       The Committee met with the Global Director of Compliance and Business Integrity in                                                                        considering the interests of other stakeholders that
                                                                                                                           applied.
                         November 2025 and March 2026 to receive updates on the Group’s 3LOD programme. The                                                                        will have an impact on the Company’s long-term
    Legal compliance                                                                                                                                                               success.
                         programme will further strengthen the Group’s internal policy framework and the                   Accounting policies and practices
    (Watchlist risk)     implementation of a number of enhancements to the framework.                                      The Committee received reports from
                                                                                                                                                                                   The Committee reviewed a draft of the Annual
    Legal compliance     2024 UK Corporate Governance Code (‘Code’)                                                        management in relation to:
                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                   Report to enable input and comment. The review is
    (Watchlist risk)     The Committee received updates from the Group Risk and Assurance Director in September                                                                    performed in conjunction with the ESG Committee
                         2025, January 2026 and May 2026 on the approach and progress with preparing for                   – The identification of critical accounting
                                                                                                                             judgements and key sources of estimation              members and included the review of Task Force on
                         amended Provision 29 in the Code that is effective for the year ending 31 March 2027.                                                                     Climate-related Financial Disclosures (’TCFD’) and
                                                                                                                             uncertainty, including the impact of climate
    Data management Data                                                                                                     change on the consolidated financial                  ESG-related disclosures. This work enabled the
    and privacy     The Committee met with members of the data governance and privacy teams to review and                    statements;                                           Committee to provide positive assurance to the
                    challenge the Group’s strategy and activities around data management risk and how                                                                              Board to assist it in making the statement required
                    compliance standards are being met.
                                                                                                                           – Significant accounting policies; and
                                                                                                                           – Proposed disclosures of these in this Annual          by the Code. The Committee also reviewed the
                                                                                                                             Report.                                               results announcements.

                                                                                                                           
    94       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     Strategic report                       Governance                                 Financials                           Other information


         Audit and Risk Committee continued


         Significant financial reporting judgements


                                                                                                                            
         The areas considered and actions taken by the Committee in relation to the 2026 consolidated financial
         statements are outlined below. For each area, the Committee was satisfied with the accounting and
         disclosures in the consolidated financial statements.
         
         Area of focus                                              Actions taken                                           Area of focus                                             Actions taken
         Impairments                                                The Committee met with the Group Financial              Revenue recognition                                       The accounting policy for and related disclosure
         Judgements in relation to impairment testing relate        Controlling and Operations Director in November         Revenue is a risk area given the inherent complexity      requirements of IFRS 15 that have been
         primarily to the assumptions underlying the calculation    2025, March 2026 and May 2026 to discuss the            of IFRS 15 accounting requirements and the                presented in the Annual Report were reviewed in
         of the value in use of the Group’s businesses, being       impairment assessments undertaken for both the          underlying billing and related IT systems.                March and May 2026.
         the achievability of the long-term business plans and      half-year and year-end results, and to challenge the
         the macroeconomic and related valuation model              appropriateness of assumptions made, including:         See note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ in the consolidated     The Committee considered the scope of EY’s
         assumptions.                                                                                                       financial statements.                                     planned revenue audit procedures and their
                                                                    – Management’s valuation methodology;                                                                             related audit findings and observations at its
         See note 4 ‘Impairment losses’ in the consolidated         – The achievability of the Group’s five-year                                                                      meetings in November 2025 and May 2026.
         financial statements.                                        business plans;
                                                                    – The potential impacts of market factors on the        Liability provisioning                                    The Committee met with the Director of Litigation
                                                                      Group’s businesses and their business plans;          The Group is subject to a range of claims and legal       in November 2025 and May 2026 in advance of
                                                                    – The long-term growth assumed for the Group’s          actions from a number of sources, including, but not      the half-year and year-end reporting, respectively.
                                                                      businesses at the end of the plan period; and         limited to, competitors, regulators, customers and
                                                                                                                                                                                      The Committee reviewed and challenged
                                                                    – The discount rates assumed in the valuation of        suppliers.
                                                                                                                                                                                      management’s assessment of the status of the
                                                                      the Group’s businesses.                               See note 16 ‘Provisions’ and note 29 ‘Contingent          most significant claims, together with relevant
         Portfolio changes                                          The Committee met with the Group Financial              liabilities and legal proceedings’ in the consolidated    legal advice received by the Group, to form a view
         A number of portfolio changes completed during the         Controlling and Operations Director in September        financial statements.                                     on the level of provisioning and appropriateness of
         year, including:                                           2025, November 2025, March 2026 and May 2026                                                                      disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                    who outlined the key accounting and disclosure                                                                    statements.
         – In May 2025, Vodafone UK completed its merger
                                                                    impacts in relation to the transactions in the
           with Three UK.                                                                                                   Taxation                                                  The Committee met with the Group Tax Director in
                                                                    consolidated financial statements.
         – In September 2025, the Group completed the                                                                       The Group is subject to a range of tax claims and         November 2025 and May 2026 in advance of the
           acquisition of Telekom Romania and its post-paid         In particular, the Committee reviewed the following:    related legal actions in several jurisdictions where it   half-year and year-end financial reporting,
           customer base.                                                                                                   operates. Furthermore, the Group has extensive            respectively. The Committee challenged the
                                                                    – The key accounting implications of the merger of
         – In December 2025, the Group completed the                                                                        accumulated tax losses, and a key management              judgements underpinning tax provisioning,
                                                                      Vodafone and Three in the UK, including the
           acquisition of Skaylink GmbH.                                                                                    judgement is whether a deferred tax asset should be       deferred tax assets and related disclosures and
                                                                      conclusion that, for accounting purposes, the
         – In December 2025, Vodacom completed the                                                                          recognised in respect of those losses.                    reviewed the processes and controls determining
                                                                      Group controls and therefore consolidates
           acquisition of a stake in Maziv.                                                                                                                                           the provisioning and other items. .
                                                                      VodafoneThree Holdings Limited through its 51%        See note 6 ’Taxation’ in the consolidated financial
         Other portfolio changes were announced, including:           shareholding and associated rights;                   statements.
                                                                    – The key accounting implications of the stake
         – In December 2025, the Group announced that the
                                                                      increase in Safaricom, notably that Safaricom         
           Vodacom Group has agreed to increase its stake in
                                                                      will, from the completion date of the transaction,
           Safaricom to 55%. Completion of the acquisition is
                                                                      be consolidated; and
           subject to certain conditions and is currently
                                                                    – Progress of the purchase price allocation work
           prevented by a court order.
                                                                      undertaken for the completed transactions.
         – In February 2026, the Group announced that it has
           agreed to sell its interests in VodafoneZiggo.
         See note 7 ‘Discontinued operations and assets held
         for sale’, note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ and note
         33 ‘Subsequent events’ in the consolidated financial
         statements.
               Strategic report                         Governance                                      Financials                    Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           95


    Audit and Risk Committee continued


    Regulators and our financial reporting                The scope of our material internal controls has              Holdings Limited (‘VodafoneThree’) and                    December 2024 assessment confirmed that
    The Financial Reporting Council (‘FRC’)               been identified along with the level of internal             Vodacom’s acquisition in Safaricom;                       Vodafone’s Internal Audit function fully aligns with
    publishes thematic reviews and other guidance         attestation work that will be performed to support         – Expected debt service requirements, undrawn               the International Professional Practices
    to help companies improve the quality of              the Board’s declaration of effectiveness of the              facilities and access to capital markets;                 Framework, including the IIA Standards and Code
    corporate reporting through the provision of          controls.                                                  – The modelling of the financial impact of severe           of Ethics, maintaining its highest ‘Generally
    guidance and reviews of the quality of reporting                                                                   but plausible risk scenarios materialising; and           Conforms’ rating. The review also concluded that
    across public companies. The Group routinely          Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive               – The thoroughness of disclosure in relation to the         the function operates at a level comparable to the
    reviews FRC publications and updates our              In September 2025 and January 2026, the                      Group’s liquidity provided in the consolidated            most innovative Internal Audit teams in the FTSE
    external financial reporting to reflect best          Committee received an update on the Group’s                  financial statements. See note 22 ‘Capital and            100, more commonly seen in the Financial
    practice as required.                                 readiness activities to meet the requirements of             financial risk management’ in the consolidated            Services sector.
                                                          the CSRD. The Group has a central team                       financial statements.
    In February 2026, the FRC notified the Group          responsible for the delivery of CSRD compliance                                                                        Prior to the start of each financial year, the
    that it had completed a review of the Annual          within the existing ESG finance team. Progress             Internal control                                            Committee reviews and approves the annual audit
    Report for the year-ended 31 March 2025. No           towards compliance continues to be closely                 The Committee has primary responsibility for the            plan, assesses the adequacy of the budget and
    questions or queries were raised which required       monitored by management.                                   oversight of the Group’s system of internal control         resources and reviews the strategic initiatives for
    a formal response to the FRC.                                                                                    framework, the compliance framework and the                 the continuous improvement of the function’s
                                                          Long-term viability statement and going                    work of the Internal Audit function.                        effectiveness. The audit plan is determined by
    The FRC’s role is to consider compliance with         concern assessment                                                                                                     considering Internal Audit’s rolling review
    reporting standards and not to verify the             The Committee provides advice to the Board on              Internal Audit                                              framework and the outputs of a data-driven risk
    information provided. Therefore, given the            the form and basis of conclusion underlying the            The Internal Audit function provides independent            assessment. The Committee reviews progress
    scope and inherent limitations of their review,       long-term viability statement and the going                and objective assurance over the design and                 against the approved audit plan and the results of
    which does not benefit from any detailed              concern assessment.                                        operating effectiveness of the system of internal           Internal Audit activities, with a strong focus on
    knowledge of the Group, it would not be                                                                         control, through a risk-based approach. The
                                                              Read more about the long-term viability statement
                                                                                                                                                                                 unsatisfactory audit results and cross-entity
    appropriate to infer any assurance from their                                                                    function reports into the Committee and,                    audits, which are audits that are performed across
                                                              on page 64
    review that our Annual Report for the prior year-                                                               administratively, to the Group Chief Financial              multiple markets with the same scope. Audit
    ended 31 March 2025 is correct in all material            Read more about the going concern assessment on        Officer. The function is composed of teams across
                                                              page 96                                                                                                            results are analysed by process and entity to
    aspects.                                                                                                         Group functions and local markets. This enables             highlight both changes in the control environment
                                                          At our meeting in May 2026, the Committee                  access to specialist skills through centres of              and areas that require attention.
    2024 UK Corporate Governance Code                                                                                excellence and ensures local knowledge and
    In January 2024, the FRC published an updated         challenged management on its financial risk
                                                          assessment as part of its consideration of the             experience. Cooperation with professional bodies            During the year, Internal Audit focused its
    UK Corporate Governance Code which came                                                                          and an information technology research firm has             coverage around the Group’s principal risks,
    into effect during the year ended 31 March            long-term viability statement and going concern.
                                                                                                                     ensured access to additional specialist skills and          including Cyber threat and Data management and
    2026, excluding amended Provision 29 which            This included scrutiny of forecast liquidity, balance      an advanced knowledge base.                                 privacy. Through thematic reviews, assurance was
    requires Companies to report on the                   sheet stress tests, the availability of cash and                                                                       also provided across key technology, regulatory
    effectiveness of material financial, operating,       cash equivalents through new or existing                   Internal Audit activities are based on a robust             and operational risk areas. This included
    reporting and compliance controls. Provision 29       financing facilities and a review of counter-party         methodology, and the internal quality assurance             assessments of cyber and data security controls,
    is effective for the year ending 31 March 2027.       risk to assess the likelihood of third parties not         improvement programme ensures conformity with               data protection and sovereignty obligations,
                                                          being able to meet contractual obligations. This           the International Professional Practices                    commercial and Vodafone Business processes,
    The Group believes it is well placed to meet this                                                                Framework (‘IPPF’), including the Global Internal
    new requirement given its existing risk,              comprehensive assessment of the Group’s                                                                                core finance activities and critical M-Pesa system
                                                          prospects made by management included                      Audit StandardsTM and supports the continuous               interfaces, reflecting a broad span of coverage
    compliance and assurance frameworks                                                                              improvement and development of the internal
    including its controls over financial reporting       consideration of:                                                                                                      across the Group’s principal risk areas. The
                                                                                                                    audit methodology in line with leading professional         activities performed by the shared service
    arising from the US Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The                                                                      practices. Conformity is independently assessed
    Committee met with the Group Risk and                 – The appropriateness of the three year review                                                                         organisation continue to receive ongoing focus
                                                            period and alignment with the Group’s internal           every three years through an external quality               due to the significance across many processes.
    Assurance Director several times during the                                                                      review. Deloitte’s
    year on the approach and progress with                  long-term forecasts;
    Provision 29.                                         – The assessment of the capacity of the Group to
                                                            remain viable after consideration of future cash
                                                            flows, including the impact of the agreement for
                                                            the buyout of CK Hutchison Group Telecom
                                                            Holding Limited’s 49% interest in
                                                            VodafoneThree

    
    96       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                      Governance                                 Financials   Other information


         Audit and Risk Committee continued


         Management is responsible for ensuring that          This activity was supported by (i) reports from the     During the year-end close process, the Committee
         issues raised by Internal Audit are addressed        Group Audit Director, (ii) a review of the Group’s      was informed of an error relating to the
         within an agreed timetable, and the Committee        principal risks with the Group Risk and Assurance       assessment of the recoverability of a deferred tax
         reviews their timely completion. The Internal        Director, and (iii) reviews of the Group’s second       asset for a new UK tax group that was formed after
         Audit function continues to strengthen its           line of defence with the Global Director of             the completion of the merger of Vodafone UK and
         effectiveness by investing in new approaches         Compliance and Business Integrity, the Group Risk       Three UK. This arose from a design and operating
         and technologies, particularly artificial            and Assurance Director and the Group Audit              deficiency in our internal controls over financial
         intelligence. Its advanced use of data analytics     Director.                                               reporting relating to deferred tax accounting.
         is enabling broader coverage, deeper testing,                                                                Details of this are set out on page 126.
         and more insightful analysis.                        Management is responsible for establishing and
                                                              maintaining adequate internal controls over             The Committee reviewed management’s
         Assessment of the Group’s system of                  financial reporting and has responsibility for          assessment of the issue including the root cause,
         internal control, including the risk                 assessing the effectiveness of those controls.          the financial reporting impact and management’s
         management framework                                                                                         response to the control deficiency, which was
         The Group’s risk assessment processes and the        During the year, the Committee received regular         classified as a material weakness. It will continue
         way in which significant business risks are          updates from management on the Group’s                  to monitor progress against remediation plans and
         managed is an area of focus for the Committee.       Section 404 compliance programme and the                seek assurance over the design and sustained
         The Committee’s activity here was led primarily,     broader financial control environment. The              operating effectiveness of enhanced controls
         but not solely, by the Group’s assessment of its     Committee continued to challenge management to          before considering the matter remediated. It was
         principal and emerging risks and uncertainties       ensure that the nature, scope and precision of          concluded that internal control over financial
         as set out on pages 60 to 62, and a range of         control activities evolve appropriately in response     reporting under Section 404 of the US Sarbanes
         mitigations as set out on page 63.                   to changes in the Group’s risk profile, including the   Oxley Act was, as a result, not effective.
                                                              introduction of new or non-routine processes.
         The Group has an internal control environment                                                                More broadly, where specific areas for
         designed to protect the business from the            The Committee also took an active role in               improvement were identified across the full scope
         material risks that have been identified.            monitoring the Group’s compliance activities,           of our work, remediation actions have been
         Management is responsible for establishing and       including receiving reports during the year             identified. This allows us to provide positive
         maintaining adequate internal controls, and the      covering programme-level strategy, the scope of         assurance to the Board to help fulfil its existing
         Committee has responsibility for reviewing the       compliance work performed and the results of            controls obligations under the UK Corporate
         effectiveness of those controls.                     controls testing.                                       Governance Code
         Oversight of the Group’s compliance activities in    The Committee also received updates from the            ‘Speak Up’ channel
         relation to Section 404 of the US Sarbanes-          external auditor on the status and findings of its      The Group operates a ‘Speak Up’ channel that
         Oxley Act also falls within the Committee’s remit.   work.                                                   enables employees to anonymously raise
                                                              The Committee has completed its review of the           concerns about possible irregularities. The
         The Committee considered the process by                                                                      Committee received an update on the operation of
         which Group management assessed the control          effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal
                                                              control, including risk management, during the          the channel together with the output of any
         environment, in accordance with both the                                                                     resulting investigations from the Chief Human
         requirements of the Guidance on Risk                 year and up to the date of this Annual Report. The
                                                              review covered all material controls including          Resources Officer.
         Management, Internal Control and Related
         Financial and Business Reporting published by        financial, operating and compliance controls.
         the FRC and Section 404 of the US Sarbanes-
         Oxley Act.

         
               Strategic report                           Governance                                  Financials                       Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           97


    Audit and Risk Committee continued





    




    External audit process                                  External audit plan                                        EY audit and non-audit fees                              The policy incorporates the requirements of the
    The Committee has primary responsibility for            EY presented to the Committee its detailed audit           Total fees payable to EY for audit and non-audit         FRC’s 2024 Ethical Standard, including a ‘whitelist’
    overseeing the relationship with the external           plan for the 2026 financial year, which outlined its       services in the year ended 31 March 2026                 of permitted non-audit services which mirrors the
    auditor. This includes making the recommendation        audit scope, planning materiality and its                  amounted to €36 million (FY25: €30 million).             FRC’s Ethical Standard.
    on the appointment, reappointment and removal of        assessment of key audit risks. The identification of       
                                                            key audit risks is critical in the overall effectiveness                                         FY26       FY25    The Committee has pre-approved that EY can be
    the external auditor, assessing its independence                                                                                                           €m         €m    engaged by management, subject to the policies
    on an ongoing basis, and approving the statutory        of the external audit process. The Committee also
                                                            received reports from EY on its assessment of the          Audit fees                            34          27     set out above, and subject to:
    audit fee, the scope of the statutory audit and the                                                                                                                         
    appointment of the lead audit engagement partner.       accounting and disclosures in the financial                Non-audit fees – Audit-                                  – A €60,000 fee limit for individual engagements;
                                                            statements and financial controls.                         related                                 1           3
    External auditor appointment                                                                                                                                                – A €500,000 total fee limit for services where there
    The last external audit tender took place in 2019,      Independence and objectivity                               Non-audit fees – Other                                     is no legal alternative; and
    which resulted in the appointment of Ernst &            In its assessment of the independence of the               assurance                               1           –    – A €500,000 total fee limit for services where there
    Young LLP (‘EY’) for the financial year ended           auditor, and in accordance with the US Public              Non-audit fees – Tax fees               –           –      is no practical alternative supplier.
    31 March 2020. Michael Rudberg is the lead audit        Company Accounting Oversight Board’s (‘PCAOB’)
                                                                                                                       Total                                 36          30     For those permitted services that exceed these
    engagement Partner and has held this role for two       standard on independence, the Committee received
                                                                                                                                                                                specified fee limits, the Committee Chair
    years and been a Partner on the team since EY’s         details of all relationships between the Company           Fees payable to auditors other than EY for audits        pre-approves the service.
    appointment. Accordingly, the year ended                and EY that may have a bearing on its                      of certain subsidiaries for the year ended
    31 March 2026 is the last year on the engagement        independence. The Committee received                       31 March 2026 were €11 million (2025: €nil).             Non-audit fees in the year were €2 million (FY25: €3
    for Michael Rudberg and the lead audit                  confirmation from EY that it is independent of the                                                                  million).
    engagement Partner role will transition to Simon        Company in accordance with US federal securities           See note 3 ‘Operating profit’ in the consolidated
    O’Neill for the year ending 31 March 2027.              law and the applicable rules and regulations of the        financial statements for more information.               Vodafone did not incur any tax fees with EY and
                                                            SEC and the PCAOB.                                                                                                  EY did not provide any products or services to
    The Committee will continue to review the auditor                                                                  Audit fees                                               Vodafone other than the audit and audit-related
    appointment and anticipates that the audit will be      Effectiveness of the external audit process                The Committee reviewed and discussed the fee             services disclosed above.
    put out to tender at least every 10 years after the     The Committee reviewed the quality of the external         proposal and was engaged in agreeing audit
    first financial year of appointment. In deciding        audit process throughout the year and considered           scope changes. Following the receipt of internal
    whether to conduct an external audit tender, the        the performance of EY. This comprised the                  assurance that fees were reasonable for the scope
    Committee considers a range of factors, including       Committee’s own assessment and the results of a            of work required, the Committee agreed an audit
    the potential cost and efficiency benefits of           detailed feedback survey of senior personnel               fee of €34 million for statutory audit services in the
    retaining the incumbent auditor.                        across the Group. Based on these reviews, the              year (FY25: €27 million).
                                                            Committee concluded that there had been
    The Group has complied with the relevant                appropriate focus and challenge by EY on the               Non-audit fees
    provisions of the Competition and Markets               primary areas of the audit and that EY had applied         To protect the independence and objectivity of the
    Authority Statutory Audit Services Order 2014 for       robust challenge and scepticism throughout the             external auditor, the Committee has a policy for
    the financial year under review.                        audit.                                                     the engagement of the external auditor to provide
                                                                                                                       non-audit services (‘the policy’). The policy
                                                                                                                       prohibits EY from playing any part in management
                                                                                                                       or decision-making, providing certain services
                                                                                                                       such as valuation work and the provision of
                                                                                                                       accounting services.

                                                                                                                       
    98       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                      Strategic report                       Governance                                 Financials                         Other information



         Technology Committee


         The role of the Technology                                   management to oversee actions being taken in         satellites for direct-to-mobile and fixed broadband      integration plan via regular status reports and
                                                                      each area. This will include a focus on disruptors   connectivity to extend coverage and complement           received updates on Vodafone’s use of AI as a
         Committee is to support the Board                            and risks that could adversely impact the            terrestrial networks in Europe and Africa.               standing agenda item.
         by providing expert oversight and                            strategy;                                            Mobile and fixed access network deployment               January 2026
         monitoring of the Group’s                                  – Review significant transformation and                plans, coverage expansion, and investment                The Committee assessed Vodafone’s ability to
                                                                      technology programmes; and
         technology strategy, as well as                            – Review technology supply chain, partnerships
                                                                                                                           priorities for FY26 were also reviewed in line with      scale Digital & IT capabilities to support flagship
                                                                                                                           our ambition for network performance excellence          mobile device launch events, with particular focus
         assessing technology risks,                                  and external relationships that underpin the         and competitive positioning.                             on Germany, UK and Ireland. We examined the
         understanding resource and talent                            strategy.                                                                                                     architectural design and engineering techniques
                                                                                                                           July 2025
         requirements, and exploring new                            Letter from Committee Chair                            Following approval from the UK Competition and           that help ensure a successful launch, combining
                                                                    During the year, the Committee met four times to                                                                with IT modernisation and VOIS collaboration.
         innovations that may enable future                                                                                Markets Authority (CMA) for Vodafone UK’s
                                                                    review a variety of topics within its remit,           merger with Three UK and launching the                   We evaluated how quantum computing has the
         growth.                                                    consistently aligning with Vodafone’s strategic        VodafoneThree Joint Venture in June 2025, we             potential to disrupt our sector and considered
         

             Chair                                                  pillars: Customers, Simplicity, and Growth.            reviewed our five-year investment strategies,            Vodafone’s preparations for post-quantum
             Simon Segars                                           A key objective of the Committee is to provide         execution plans, and necessary governance                readiness. The emergence of quantum technology
             Members                                                independent oversight and constructive challenge       required to integrate the network and IT estates of      offers strategic advantages but also poses
             Deborah Kerr                                           regarding technology strategy and direction.           both entities.                                           significant risks, making it a continuing priority for
             Delphine Ernotte Cunci                                 Throughout the year, the Committee discussed                                                                    the Committee.
                                                                                                                           Our discussions covered all controls in place to
             Stephen A. Carter CBE                                  issues such as Vodafone’s evolving approach to         comply with CMA obligations such as improving            Finally, we explored Vodafone’s evolving sovereign
                                                                    satellite telecommunications, enabling members to      network quality and expansion of 5G population           cloud strategy that looks to combine trusted
                The attendance at Committee meetings can be found
                on page 80
                                                                    facilitate in-depth technical discussions with the     coverage for our customers. We also appraised            hyperscaler partnerships with our network
                                                                    Board.                                                 the creation of an independent oversight                 expertise to deliver flexible sovereignty levels,
         Key responsibilities                                       I have provided the Board with an overview of this     governance framework to monitor sensitive                balancing regulatory demands with innovation,
         The responsibilities of the Committee are to:              year’s Committee activities and look forward to        activities that could affect UK national security.       resilience, and cost efficiency.
         

         – Oversee, monitor and challenge the Group’s               continuing to chair the Committee.                     November 2025                                            Key focus for the next year
           technology strategy;                                     Simon Segars                                           We conducted a review of the radio spectrum used         Next year we will continue to look at existing and
         – Review long-term technology plans and                    On behalf of the Technology Committee                  in our terrestrial mobile networks, examining            new technologies that drive innovation, support our
           budgets, including capital investment,                                                                          frequency bands, their benefits, our current assets,     company’s strategy, and drive growth. Our focus
                                                                    19 May 2026                                            future spectrum needs and opportunities for              remains of leveraging technology to enhance
           resourcing, skills and prioritisation;
         – Understand future technology developments,               Focus during the year                                  supporting customer demand in Europe and Africa.         customer experience and build trust. Strategy
           industry trends and technology innovation that           The Technology Committee met with senior               We also explored how Vodafone Intelligent                discussions will consider how we manage both
           may impact the Group strategy;                           leaders of the technology team including the Chief     Solutions (VOIS) can better deliver scalable, cost-      opportunities and risks.
         – Review technology risks, disruptors and                  Technology Officer and Chief Network Officer on        effective, and innovative shared services, ensuring
           mitigations;                                             four occasions during the year ended 31 March          its technology strategy aligns with Vodafone’s
         – Participate in deep dives into particular topics,        2026. The topics covered are summarised below.         objectives for digital transformation, efficiency,
           innovations or plans;                                                                                           growth, and customer experience.
                                                                    May 2025
         – Assess whether the technology strategy is
                                                                    The Committee reviewed Vodafone’s technology           At this and subsequent meetings, the Committee
           consistent and enabling the overall Group
                                                                    strategy for satellite telecommunications              monitored the progress of our IT transformation
           strategy;
                                                                    discussing opportunities to use low earth orbit        programme in Germany and the VodafoneThree
         – Review technology strengths, weaknesses,
           opportunities and threats with executive

         
                  Strategic report                             Governance                               Financials                       Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             99





    ESG Committee

                                                                                                                         




    The ESG Committee provides                                   Letter from Committee Chair                             Focus during the year                                   January 2026
    independent oversight on behalf of the                       On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present our     During the year the ESG Committee engaged with          The Committee received two programme-level
                                                                 ESG Committee report for the year ended 31 March        senior leaders across many business functions           updates in January. The first reviewed the annual
    Board, monitoring our ESG rogrammes,                         2026.                                                   and operating companies, all of whom are                progress of the Empowering People strategy,
    performance, and our contribution to                         In FY26, the ESG Committee met four times, and          responsible for key ESG strategic deliveries. Each      highlighting both its impact and commercial value.
    societies in which we operate.                               discussed a range of topics across the Committee’s      meeting is supplemented by our ‘need to know            The second provided an overview of our child
    
                                                                 areas of responsibility. The meetings provide an        paper’, which outlines key insights from the last       safety programme, including progress and future
        Chair                                                                                                            quarter across ESG policy and regulation, litigation    focus areas. The Committee also considered a
        Amparo Moraleda                                          opportunity to foster close alignment with the senior
                                                                 leaders driving our mission and ESG agenda, to          and corporate action. These insights inform deep        paper on ESG macro-trends, which outlined the
        Members                                                  enable Vodafone to deliver against its ESG              dives on specific areas of ESG during the               external forces shaping corporate sustainability and
        Jean-François van Boxmeer                                objectives.                                             sessions, with focuses highlighted in the               their implications for our strategy.
        Christine Ramon                                                                                                  summaries below.                                        March 2026
        Simon Segars                                             An important objective of the ESG Committee is to
                                                                 provide external perspectives and challenge the         July 2025                                               In March, Vodafone Business shared insights with
        Anne-Françoise Nesmes                                                                                            The Committee received an update on FY25                the Committee on the role of ESG credentials in
                                                                 ESG programme and direction. Therefore, it is
           The attendance at Committee meetings can be found     important that our Committee members bring a            performance following the publication of the            protecting revenues from business and public
           on page 80                                                                                                    Annual Report, helping to identify priority areas for   sector customers. The Committee also discussed
                                                                 wealth of experience across the domains that relate
                                                                 to ESG, complemented by specialist industry             FY26. It also reviewed and discussed revisions to       the potential for ESG to support future growth
    Key responsibilities                                                                                                 the annual Modern Slavery Statement, confirming         opportunities. In addition, members received an
                                                                 expertise. To learn more about the composition of
    The responsibilities of the Committee are to:                our ESG Committee and the core competencies of          the strategic focus for the year ahead. In addition,    update on our climate strategy, including planned
    
                                                                 its members, please refer to page 99.                   the Committee discussed the yearly Transparency         revisions for the next phase of the climate transition
    – Provide oversight of our ESG strategy, in                                                                          report, a voluntary disclosure outlining our            plan and the strategic approach to neutralising
      addition to monitoring the progress of our                 In March 2025, our Board also participated in           approach to law enforcement and government              residual greenhouse gas emissions. Furthermore,
      mission (Protecting the Planet, Empowering                 ESG training, which clarified their director            assistance.                                             proposed revisions to the ESG governance
      People and Maintaining Trust);                             responsibilities with regard to ESG compliance                                                                  architecture were highlighted to the members for
    – Review and provide guidance on the                         and enhanced their understanding of ESG value           November 2025
                                                                                                                         In November, the Committee received a briefing          awareness and the Committee reviewed the
      implementation of the ESG strategy, related                creation ahead of the FY26 meetings.                                                                            updated terms of reference.
      policies and programmes;                                                                                           on developments across the circular economy
    – Oversee progress against ESG commitments                   I have reported this year’s Committee work to the       landscape and a progress update on our circularity      Key focus for the next year
      and targets, providing advice and direction;               Board. Following the conclusion of the 2026 AGM I       programme. Members also discussed the strategic         Looking forward, the Committee will continue to
    – Monitor performance of external ESG indices;               will be stepping down as Chair of the ESG               drivers behind the supply chain due diligence           monitor developments across the ESG landscape
    – Understand future ESG developments, industry               Committee. Anne-Françoise Nesmes will be                transformation, including long-term ambitions and       and ensure we are prepared for emerging
      trends and regulation that may impact our                  appointed as Chair of the Committee with effect         the roadmap for delivery. A further paper provided      regulatory requirements, such as the EU’s
      strategy or reputation; and                                from the same date.                                     an overview of the initiatives in place to drive        Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive
    – Provide joint oversight and effective governance           Amparo Moraleda                                         progress in Scope 3 emission reductions. This           (‘CSRD’) and the Corporate Sustainability Due
      with the Audit and Risk Committee (‘ARC’) over             On behalf of the ESG Committee                          supported discussions around current constraints        Diligence Directive (‘CSDDD’), in addition to the
      the ESG content for disclosures and regulatory                                                                     and next steps were agreed.                             UK’s Sustainability Reporting Directive (‘UK SRS’).
                                                                 19 May 2026
      compliance.                                                                                                                                                                In addition, the Board will draw insights from their
    
          Click to read the Committee’s terms of reference:                                                                                                                      industry expertise to explore the potential for ESG
          vodafone.com/board-committees                                                                                                                                          to contribute towards business growth through
                                                                                                                                                                                 value creation, as the economy responds to ESG
                                                                                                                                                                                 macro-trends.

                                                                                                                         
    100       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                          Governance                           Financials                         Other information



          Letter from the Remuneration Committee Chair


          On behalf of the Board, I present                     In regards to the annual bonus, we delivered good       conditions were measured over the three-year          Review of Directors’ Remuneration Policy
                                                                outturns across our Customers and Growth                period ending 31 March 2026.                          Our current Policy was approved in 2023 and has
          our 2026 Directors’ Remuneration                      measures. Our achievement levels for adjusted                                                                 operated since then without amendment. In line
                                                                                                                        Adjusted FCF performance finished at the top of
          Report.                                               free cash flow, service revenue, and NPS were           the range, resulting in 100.0% of this element        with our triennial review cycle, we are proposing
                                                                particularly strong, and we reported above target       vesting. Relative TSR outperformance was below        updates to the policy. The new Policy is enclosed
          This report includes our new Directors’               performance for EBIT, churn, and revenue market         the median of the peer group resulting in no          on pages 103 to 108. Vodafone has undergone
          Remuneration Policy (Policy), which will be           share.                                                  vesting under this measure. ESG performance           significant change since Margherita Della Valle
          submitted for shareholder approval at the 2026
                                                                The results of our 2024 GLTI award also                 was assessed against three metrics and vested at      was appointed as Group Chief Executive in 2023.
          AGM, and our 2026 Annual Report on
                                                                demonstrated effective cash flow management             100.0%. This resulted in an overall vesting           Our strategy, focused on Customers, Simplicity
          Remuneration which includes details of
                                                                reflected by maximum vesting for the FCF                percentage for the 2024 GLTI of 70.0% of              and Growth, has transformed the shape of the
          Remuneration arrangements in respect of the
                                                                measure. For our ESG measure we made                    maximum.                                              Group. In particular, right-sizing Europe for growth
          year to 31 March 2026 and a summary of how
                                                                progress against our net zero and female                                                                     whilst simplifying our structure. This change has
          we intend to apply the Policy during the year to                                                                   Read more on pages 111 and 112
                                                                representation in management ambitions, and                                                                   included the disposal of our Spanish and Italian
          31 March 2027.
                                                                achieved our overall ambition for financial inclusion   Fair pay                                              businesses and the completion of the merger with
          Business performance context                          of servicing over 75m financial inclusion customers     A key pillar of our executive remuneration            Three in the UK. These changes gives us a firm
          This year we set out to deliver accelerated           by 2026.                                                arrangements is ensuring that they reflect the        foundation for growth as our year end results
          growth across Europe and Africa following the                                                                 experiences of our wider workforce. Our six fair      demonstrate. Against this backdrop, the
          last three years of successfully streamlining our     Remuneration outcomes during 2026                                                                             Remuneration Committee reviewed the Policy to
                                                                GSTIP performance                                       pay principles which we globally measure
          portfolio, resetting our capital structure, and                                                               ourselves against each year form an important         ensure it continues to support our growth
          refocussing efforts on improving the customer         (1 April 2025 – 31 March 2026)                                                                                trajectory.
                                                                Annual bonus performance during the year was            foundation for this. This work has ensured we are
          experience. Our FY26 financial results show that                                                              well placed for the incoming EU Pay Transparency      Objective of review
          we are delivering against our objectives,             determined against both financial and strategic
                                                                measures aligned to our strategic priorities of         Directive, which will impact colleagues based in      In reviewing the Policy, the Committee’s key
          demonstrated by delivering at the upper-end of                                                                EU member states. Through harnessing the scale        objectives were to ensure that it reflects the
          our FY26 guidance.                                    Customers and Growth. The four measures
                                                                underpinning Growth, equivalent to 70% of the           of the Group, we have designed approaches that        evolving shape of the business, supports the next
          Key milestones in Europe included the UK              award, include service revenue (20%), adjusted          comply with local requirements and help embed a       phase of growth, and enables the attraction of the
          merger with Three UK, where we are rapidly            EBIT (20%), adjusted FCF (20%), and revenue             culture of openness about pay.                        talent required to deliver the Group’s strategy,
          delivering on our commitment to building a            market share (‘RMS’) (10%). The measures under                                                                drive innovation and unlock new revenue streams.
                                                                                                                        Consideration of discretion
          best-in-class mobile network and applying our         the Customers element, equivalent to 30% of the                                                               Overall, the Committee concluded that elements of
                                                                                                                        The Committee reviewed the appropriateness of
          multi-brand strategy and utilising cross-selling      award, include NPS (20%) and churn (10%).                                                                     the existing approach should be enhanced to
                                                                                                                        the outcomes of both the annual bonus and long-
          opportunities between Vodafone and Three                                                                                                                            better support these objectives. In particular, the
                                                                Overall performance under the GSTIP was above           term incentive plan in light of both the relevant
          customers. Elsewhere in Romania, we have built                                                                                                                      Committee was unanimous in its decision to
                                                                the mid-point of the target range. The combined         performance targets and wider internal and
          scale through the acquisition of Telekom                                                                                                                            strengthen the incentive for management to drive
                                                                performance resulted in an overall bonus payout of      external considerations, including the wider
          Romania assets, positioning us well for                                                                                                                             share price growth through the introduction of
                                                                64.5% of maximum.                                       stakeholder experience, across the respective
          accelerated growth. In Africa we announced that                                                                                                                     Market Value Share Options (‘MVSO’), which also
                                                                                                                       measurement periods. The Committee also
          Vodacom Group has agreed to acquire a                                                                                                                               supports the need to compete for talent in adjacent
                                                                    Read more on pages 110 and 111                      acknowledged that no windfall gains had occurred
          controlling stake in Safaricom, creating greater                                                                                                                    sectors such as technology. The Committee felt
                                                                                                                        under the long-term incentive plan. It was agreed
          scope for growth in the region. Completion of the     GLTI performance                                                                                              strongly that the importance of free cash flow and
                                                                                                                        that the outcomes were appropriate and that no
          acquisition is subject to certain conditions and is   (1 April 2023 – 31 March 2026)                                                                                concerns around the relative TSR peer group
                                                                                                                        adjustments were required.
          currently prevented by a court order.                 The 2024 GLTI award (granted July 2023) was                                                                   should be reflected. The proposed changes, which
                                                                subject to adjusted FCF (60% of total award),                                                                 focus on plan structure rather than quantum, are
          These results are reflected in our outcomes for                                                                                                                     summarised in the table on the next page, together
                                                                relative TSR (30% of total award), and ESG (10%
          the 2026 Global Short-Term Incentive (‘GSTIP’),                                                                                                                     with the rationale for each change.
                                                                of total award) performance. All performance
          and 2024 Global Long-Term Incentive (‘GLTI’)
          awards, with both awards achieving above
          target outcomes.

          
              Strategic report                         Governance                                 Financials                            Other information                Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026        101


    Letter from the Remuneration Committee Chair continued



    Policy consultation and proposed changes
    Over the last year the Committee reviewed our current Policy and developed its proposals to better align our Long-Term Incentive with our strategy. A crucial part of this process has been actively engaging with a variety
    of shareholders, investor bodies and proxy agencies to discuss their views on the proposals before finalising the Policy which will be submitted for approval at the 2026 AGM. We were pleased that these stakeholders
    expressed support for the changes outlined and clearly understood the strategic rationale of how the proposals support the broader Company objectives. I would like to thank those we engaged with for their valuable
    input and thoughtful questions which helped us refine the detail of our proposed Policy.
    The below table summarises the key changes proposed and the rationale for each item. Only item one below represents a change to the Policy; item two is a matter of policy implementation but the Committee recognise
    that this is a critical aspect of how remuneration is operated and supports the strategy. Other key aspects of policy are unchanged, such as incentive maximum opportunity levels, the GSTIP structure and share
    ownership requirements. These are included in our Policy on pages 104 to 106.
    


        Summary of proposed changes
        Item Current design                 Proposed change              Further detail                                  Rationale
        1      The Long-Term Incentive      Introduction of Market       – Share options will replace a portion of the   To provide a simple, growth-focused incentive that strengthens alignment between management and
               is fully delivered through   Value Share Options            GLTI on a neutral fair value basis, with      shareholders by directly linking the value of awards to absolute share price growth. In addition, share
               the GLTI, of which           (‘MVSO’) in addition to        no increase to the overall variable           options are expected to support the Group’s ability to attract and retain high-calibre talent,
               shareholder returns are      the existing Global Long       incentive opportunity for Executive           particularly within the technology sector and in markets beyond the UK, to support the next phase of
               measured through the         Term Incentive (‘GLTI’).       Directors.                                    growth.
               Relative TSR measure                                      – The MVSO opportunity level will be
               (30% of award).                                             equivalent to 30% of the Executive
                                                                           Director’s maximum opportunity level.
                                                                         – The options will vest three years after
                                                                           grant and remain exercisable for a
                                                                           further seven years.
                                                                         – The exercise price of the options will be
                                                                           set using the prevailing share price at the
                                                                           time of grant.
                                                                         – The number of options granted will be
                                                                           determined by reference to the Black-
                                                                           Scholes valuation each year prior to
                                                                           grant.
        2      60% Free Cash Flow,          Adjustment of the GLTI       – Relative TSR will be removed as a             Address existing challenges with Relative TSR measure and relevance of peer group. The size of the
               30% Relative TSR, and        performance measures           measure.                                      TSR peer group has reduced from nine companies in 2022 to six companies for the 2026 award. In
               10% ESG.                     and weightings.              – Weight of Adjusted Free Cash Flow             addition, the relevance of certain constituents has diminished following the Group’s recent resizing of
                                                                           (FCF) rebalanced to 90% (currently            the portfolio. As the Group has evolved, and as the telecoms sector has continued to consolidate, it
                                                                           60%).                                         has become increasingly difficult to identify additional peers that are both suitable and sufficiently
                                                                         – The remaining 10% will continue to be         comparable. Against this backdrop, the Committee concluded that it was appropriate to remove the
                                                                           linked to ESG ambitions.                      relative TSR metric. This decision was further supported by the strengthened focus on share price
                                                                                                                         growth through the introduction of the MVSO award.
                                                                                                                         Furthermore, the significant weighting on FCF within the GLTI is considered fully appropriate for the
                                                                                                                         business at this point in time. Discussions with shareholders and the Board have consistently
                                                                                                                         highlighted the critical importance of FCF in supporting capital investment in the network and digital
                                                                                                                         services, servicing customers, and funding sustainable returns for shareholders. The Committee is
                                                                                                                         cognisant of the importance of robust target-setting, particularly given the increasing prominence of
                                                                                                                         free cash flow, to ensure that targets remain appropriately stretching and aligned with the delivery of
                                                                                                                         the Group’s strategic objectives. While FCF operates as a measure in both the annual bonus and the
                                                                                                                         LTIP, the Committee considers this appropriate due to the balance of the varying calibration and time
                                                                                                                         horizons, as well as the desire to incentivise the broader workforce on FCF through the GSTIP.

    
    102       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                      Governance   Financials   Other information


          Letter from the Remuneration Committee Chair continued


          Remuneration arrangements for 2027                          – Group Chief Financial Officer (Pilar López):
          Alignment with our culture and people strategy                £725,000 (no change)
          To deliver our growth strategy it is important that we      Annual bonus (‘GSTIP’)
          attract and retain highly skilled talent at a leadership    During the year the Committee determined that
          level. To enable this, it is critical our reward            measures and weightings under the 2027 annual
          packages remain competitive in the talent markets           bonus will remain the same as for 2026 on the basis
          we operate in. With this in mind we reviewed the            they continue to support our Company strategy.
          remuneration of our Executive Directors against our
          peers in the FTSE 30 and the telco industry and             The measures under the annual bonus plan are as
          agreed to a 3.0% increase to the Group Chief                follows:
                                                                      
          Executive’s base salary.                                    – Growth (70%): service revenue (20%), adjusted
          
               Read more about the 2026 base salary arrangements on     EBIT (20%), adjusted free cash flow (20%) and
               page 118 of this Annual Report                           revenue market share (10%).
          When reviewing the base salary of our Executive             – Customers (30%): net promoter score (20%) and
          Directors, we continue to align the level of increase         churn (10%).
                                                                      
          to the wider workforce in the UK, in keeping with               Read more on page 119
          our fair pay philosophy. More broadly, we also
          continue to engage with colleagues on pay through           Long-term incentive (‘LTI’)
          a variety of different channels, such as our annual         The Committee approved the adjusted structure of
          employee survey, known as ‘Spirit Beat’, where we           the GLTI, set out on page 101. The award will be
          ask employees if they feel fairly compensated for           measured against 90% adjusted FCF and 10% ESG.
          the work they do. Our workforce engagement leads            Subject to approval of our proposed 2026 Directors’
          also attend employee forums in Europe and Africa            Remuneration Policy, Executive Directors will receive
          to understand employee views on a range of topics,          a 2027 MVSO award, which will be equivalent to
          and this years’ topics included talent attraction,          30% of their maximum LTI opportunity.
          wellbeing, customer experience and workplace                

          transformation.                                                 Read more on page 119
          
               Read more about our culture and people strategy on     Looking ahead
               page 38 of this Annual Report                          The rest of this report sets out both our proposed
          Board changes                                               2026 Directors’ Remuneration Policy which will be
          Luka Mucic stepped down from the Board as the               shared for approval at the 2026 AGM, and our
          Group Chief Financial Officer on 30 November                Annual Report on Remuneration, which details all
          2025. Pilar López became our new Group Chief                the remuneration arrangements for this year as well
          Financial Officer and was appointed to the Board on         as providing details on incentive outcomes.
          1 December 2025. Her remuneration package                   Following the conclusion of the 2026 AGM I will be
          aligns with our current Remuneration Policy and is          stepping down as Chair of the Remuneration
          summarised in the table on the right.                       Committee. Christine Ramon will be appointed as
          Base salary                                                 Chair of the Committee with effect from the same
          Following the 2026 salary review, the Committee             date.
          agreed the following decisions for the Executive            Amparo Moraleda
          Directors:                                                  On behalf of the Remuneration Committee
          

          – Group Chief Executive (Margherita Della Valle):                                                                    
                                                                      19 May 2026
            £1,332,565 (3.0% increase)
               Strategic report                             Governance                                   Financials                       Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          103





    Remuneration Policy


    Remuneration Policy – notes to reader                     Policy objectives                                          Whilst we do not formally consult directly with            Performance measures and targets
    In this forward-looking section we describe our           Our policy aims to achieve the following objectives:       employees on the Directors’ Remuneration Policy,           Our Company’s strategy and business objectives
    Directors’ Remuneration Policy (‘Policy’). We have                                                                  the Remuneration Committee is briefed on pay               are the primary consideration when we are
    set out the factors considered when determining           – Incentivise the delivery of our strategy and             and employment conditions across our wider                 selecting performance measures for our GSTIP and
    the Policy (this page), a description of the                mission by linking reward outcomes to short- and         footprint. The Company operates Sharesave, a UK            GLTI plans (pages 104 and 105). The targets within
    elements of the reward package (pages 104 and               long-term performance.                                   employee share plan, as well as other                      our incentive plans relate to internal financial
    105), including an indication of the potential future     – Generate sustainable returns for shareholders            discretionary share-based incentive arrangements,          measures (such as revenue, profit and cash flow)
    value of this package for the Executive Directors           by managing risks to prevent excessive reward.           which means that the wider workforce have the              which are typically determined based on our
    (page 106), and the Policy applied to the Chair           – Attract and retain critical talent, offering             opportunity to become shareholders in the                  budgets. Targets for strategic measures (such as
    and Non-Executive Directors (page 108).                     competitive reward packages in the global talent         Company and are able to vote on the                        customer and ESG measures) are set based on the
                                                                markets we operate in.                                   Remuneration Policy in the same way as other               Company’s objectives and mission. The threshold
    We will be seeking shareholder approval for our           – Operate pay structures that are simple, have a           shareholders.                                              and maximum levels of performance are set to
    Policy at the 2026 Annual General Meeting                   clear purpose, and are transparent.                                                                                 reflect minimum acceptable levels at threshold and
    (‘AGM’) and we intend to implement it at that point.                                                                 Employee arrangements elsewhere in the                     very stretching levels at maximum.
    A summary and explanation of the proposed                 Experience of wider stakeholders                           Company
    changes to the current Remuneration Policy is             A variety of stakeholder views are taken into              While our remuneration policy follows the same             As in previous remuneration reports, we will
    provided on page 101.                                     account when determining executive pay, including          fundamental principles across the Group, for               disclose the details of our performance metrics for
                                                              those of our shareholders, customers, employees,           example including an opportunity to share in our           our short- and long-term incentive plans. However,
    Our proposed Policy has been outlined below and           external bodies, and wider society. Further details                                                                   our annual bonus targets are commercially
    builds on the current Policy approved by                                                                             success through global eligibility of our annual
                                                              of how we engage with, and consider the views of,          bonus and commission plans, packages offered to            sensitive and therefore we will only disclose our
    shareholders in 2023 with a number of key                 each of these stakeholders are set out on page 115                                                                    targets in the remuneration report following the
    changes proposed regarding the structure and                                                                         employees reflect differences in market practice in
                                                              of the 2026 Directors’ Remuneration Report. The            the different countries, role and seniority. The           completion of the financial year.
    operation of our Long-Term Incentive plan, aligned        Remuneration Committee chair’s letter sets out on
    to the rules of our Global Incentive Plan. The                                                                       remuneration structure for our Executive                   At the end of each performance period we review
                                                              page 101 the consultation process that the                 Committee is essentially the same as for the
    Committee considered a wide range of factors and                                                                                                                                performance against the targets, using judgement
                                                              Company has undertaken with its shareholders in            Executive Directors with some minor differences,
    undertook extensive engagement with                                                                                                                                             to account for items such as (but not limited to)
                                                              formulating the Policy.                                    for example smaller award levels of shares as well
    stakeholders as part of their review of the Policy.                                                                                                                             mergers, acquisitions, disposals, foreign exchange
                                                              Listening to and consulting with our employees             as local benefit variances. The remuneration for           rate movements, changes in accounting treatment,
    A summary of the opportunities identified by the          forms part of our Company’s culture and                    the next level of management, our Vodafone                 and/or material one-off tax settlements etc. The
    Committee, the proposed Policy changes, and the           engagement can take different forms in each                Leadership Team (‘VLT’), again follows the same            application of judgement is important to ensure that
    engagement with investors can be found in the             market to most effectively surface views. This             principles with company performance assessed in            the final assessments of performance are fair and
    Remuneration Committee’s Chair Letter on page             includes our annual ‘Spirit Beat’ survey, which            their annual bonus and LTI awards. They receive            appropriate.
    100 of this year’s Directors’ Remuneration Report.        attracts very high levels of participation from            conditional share awards, these are partly
    Remuneration Policy                                       employees and includes a question on fair pay,             delivered in shares without performance
    Factors considered when determining                       FAQ sessions with business leaders conducted               conditions and partly delivered in shares with
    Remuneration Policy                                       online and face-to-face, use of digital                    performance conditions. The relative weight of
    The Remuneration Committee reviewed multiple              communication channels to connect to all our               performance shares increases as they progress
    factors when considering the Directors’                   people, and our regional employee forums in                into more senior roles.
                                                                                                                         
    Remuneration Policy, including the extent to which        Europe and Africa, attended by our workforce                   Read more on our approach to remuneration for other
    the current policy supports our objectives, aligns        engagement leads.                                              employees on page 115.
                                                              
    with the experiences of key stakeholders, and                 Read more on how we engage our workforce on page 38.
    considers wider employee pay structures                                                                              
    elsewhere in the Company.
    104       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                         Governance                                       Financials                                  Other information


          Remuneration Policy continued


          Remuneration Policy table                                                                                                   Opportunity              – Benefits will be provided in line with appropriate levels indicated by local market
          Each component of our reward packages looks to achieve the objectives of our Remuneration Policy, and is                                               practice in the country of employment, though no monetary maximum has been
          outlined in the tables below.                                                                                                                          set.
          
                                                                                                                                                               – We expect to maintain benefits at the current level but the value of any benefit
              Fixed pay: Base salary                                                                                                                             may fluctuate depending on, amongst other things, personal situation, insurance
              Objective             – Attract and retain critical talent.                                                                                        premiums and other external factors.
              Operation             Salaries are usually reviewed annually and fixed for 12 months commencing 1 July.                 Performance              None.
                                    Decisions are primarily influenced by:                                                            metrics
                                    – individual’s level of skill and experience and the position’s scope of responsibilities;        Annual bonus – Global Short-Term Incentive Plan (‘GSTIP’)
                                    – business performance, scarcity of talent, economic climate and market conditions;
                                    – increases elsewhere within the Group; and                                                       Objectives               – Attract and retain critical talent.
                                    – external comparator groups (which are used for reference purposes only) made up                                          – Incentivise delivery of our strategy.
                                      of companies of similar size, complexity, and geographies to Vodafone.                                                   – Operate simple pay structures.
              Opportunity           Average salary increases for existing Executive Committee members (including                      Operation                – Bonus levels and the appropriateness of measures and weightings are reviewed
                                    Executive Directors) will not normally exceed average increases for employees in                                             annually to ensure they continue to support our strategy.
                                    other appropriate parts of the Group. Increases above this level may be made in                                            – The annual bonus is usually paid in cash in June each year for performance over
                                    specific situations. These situations could include (but are not limited to) internal                                        the previous year. A mandatory deferral of 25% of post-tax bonus earned into
                                    promotions, changes to role, retention risks, material changes to the business and                                           shares for two years will normally apply except where an Executive Director has
                                    exceptional Company performance.                                                                                             met or exceeded their share ownership requirement.
                                                                                                                                                               – The Remuneration Committee retains the discretion to adjust the size of the
              Performance           None.                                                                                                                        bonus based on the achievement of the relevant performance conditions to
              metrics                                                                                                                                            reflect the Company’s and the Executive Director’s underlying performance and
              Fixed pay: Pension                                                                                                                                 any other factors the Remuneration Committee considers appropriate.
              Objective             – Attract and retain critical talent.                                                             Opportunity              – Bonuses can range from 0 to 200% of base salary, with 100% paid for on-target
              Operation             – Executive Directors may choose to participate in the defined contribution pension                                          performance.
                                      scheme or to receive a cash allowance in lieu of pension.                                       Performance              – Performance over each financial year is measured against stretching financial
              Opportunity           – The pension contribution or cash payment is equal to the maximum employer                       metrics                    and non-financial performance targets set at the start of the financial year.
                                      contribution available to our UK employees under our Defined Contribution scheme                                         – The performance measures normally comprise a mix of financial and strategic
                                      (currently 10% of annual gross salary).                                                                                    measures. Financial measures may include (but are not limited to) profit, revenue
              Performance           None.                                                                                                                        and cash flow1 with a weighting of no less than 50%. Strategic measures may
                                                                                                                                                                 include (but are not limited to) customer KPIs such as churn, revenue market
              metrics
                                                                                                                                                                 share, and NPS.
              Fixed pay: Benefits                                                                                                                              – The financial metrics drive our growth strategies whilst also focusing on
                                                                                                                                                                 improving operating efficiencies.
              Objective             – Attract and retain critical talent.
                                                                                                                                                               – The strategic metrics aim to ensure a great customer experience remains at the
              Operation             – Travel-related benefits. These may include (but are not limited to) a company car or                                       heart of what we do.
                                      cash allowance, fuel and access to a driver where appropriate.                              Short-term incentive note:
                                    – Private medical, death and disability insurance and annual health checks for the            


                                                                                                                                  1. Cash flow may be included as performance metric for GSTIP and GLTI as this is a crucial metric for the Company. The
                                      Executive Directors and their families.                                                        Remuneration Committee believe setting both short-term and long-term cash flow targets is appropriate. Including this measure
                                    – In the event that we ask an individual to relocate we would offer them support in              within the GSTIP ensures that all employees are measured against this metric, it’s important to note that for employees below
                                      line with Vodafone’s relocation and international assignment policies. This may                the top tiers of management that are not on a commission plan, the GSTIP is the only variable pay they would receive.
                                      cover (but is not limited to) relocation, cost of living allowance, housing, home           
                                      leave, education support, tax equalisation, and tax and legal support.
                                    – Other benefits are also offered in line with the benefits offered to other employees,
                                      for example, our UK employee share plan, mobile phone discounts,
                                      maternity/paternity benefits, sick leave, paid holiday etc.
                 Strategic report                                 Governance                                          Financials                             Other information                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                       105


    Remuneration Policy continued



        Long-Term Incentive¹ – Global Long-Term Incentive Plan (‘GLTI’)                                                                  Long-Term Incentive¹ – Market Value Share Options (‘MVSO’)
        Objectives         – Attract and retain critical talent.                                                                         Objectives             – Attract and retain critical talent.
                           – Incentivise delivery of our strategy.                                                                                              – Incentivise delivery of our strategy.
                           – Operate simple pay structures.                                                                                                     – Operate simple pay structures.
                                                                                                                                                                – Generate returns for shareholders.
        Operation          – Award levels and the framework for determining vesting are reviewed annually.
                           – Long-term incentive awards consist of awards of shares subject to performance                               Operation              – The award7 consists of market value share options granted to participants in respect of any
                             conditions which are granted in respect of any financial year.                                                                       financial year. The exercise price of the options is set using the prevailing share price
                           – Awards will vest based on Group performance against the performance metrics set out                                                  around the time of the grant.
                             below, measured over a period of normally not less than three years.2 3 4                                                          – The number of options granted is determined each year prior to grant and by reference to
                           – Dividend equivalents are paid in cash and/or shares by reference to the vesting period                                               the Black-Scholes option pricing model with assumptions aligned to the expected life of the
                             (and holding period, if applicable) in respect of shares that vest.                                                                  options.
                                                                                                                                                                – The Black-Scholes model considers factors such as the underlying share price, the lifespan
        Opportunity        – Maximum long-term incentive face value at award of 350% of base salary for the Chief                                                 of the award, the expected volatility of the shares, the risk-free interest rate, and the
                             Executive and 315% for other Executive Directors in respect of any financial year.                                                   anticipated dividend yield. These inputs are shared with the Committee prior to grant to
                           – Threshold long-term incentive face value at award is 20% of maximum opportunity.                                                     ensure each assumption is reasonable. The exercise price and number of options are also
                             Minimum vesting is 0% of maximum opportunity. Awards vest on a straight-line basis                                                   reviewed by the Committee prior to the grant.
                             between threshold and maximum.                                                                                                     – Awards will vest based on continuing employment with the Group, measured over a period
        Performance        – The performance measures normally comprise a mix of financial and strategic measures.                                                of normally not less than three years with a further two-year holding period.2 3 4
        metrics              Financial measures may include (but are not limited to) profit, revenue and cash flow with                                         – Once options have vested, they may normally be exercised until the tenth anniversary of
                             a weighting of no less than 50%. Strategic measures may include (but are not limited to)                                             the date they were granted.
                             customer KPIs and ESG. Targets are set on an annual basis usually prior to the award                        Opportunity            – Share options are granted with a fair value equivalent to 150% of base salary for the Chief
                             being granted.                                                                                                                       Executive and 135% of base salary for other Executive Directors. The number of options
                           – The use of free cash flow5 as the principal performance measure ensures we apply                                                     granted is determined annually informed by the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
                             prudent cash management and rigorous capital discipline to our investment decisions.                                                 ultimate value realised will depend on share price growth above the exercise price.
                           – The use of ESG6 metrics reflects the importance of our performance and progress
                             against our long-term mission in this area.                                                                 Performance            – Whilst this award has no explicit performance metrics, the nature of options, whereby value
                           – The Remuneration Committee reserves the right during the lifetime of the Remuneration                       metrics                  can only be derived if the share price appreciates, means that the requirement for growth in
                             Policy to change the performance conditions applicable to GLTI awards to other financial,                                            the share price beyond the exercise price effectively acts as a performance condition.3
                             shareholder return and strategic metrics, if the Remuneration Committee determines that
                             to do so would be in the best interests of the Company. The Remuneration Committee
                             would engage with major shareholders prior to changing the performance conditions
                             applicable to GLTI awards in this way.


    
    Long-term incentive notes:
    1. When referring to our long-term incentive awards we use the financial year end in which the award was made. For example,         5. Based on the cumulative adjusted free cash flow figure over the performance period. The detailed targets and the definition of
       the ‘2027 award’ will be made in the financial year ending 31 March 2027. The awards are usually made in the first half of the      adjusted free cash flow are determined each year as appropriate. The target adjusted free cash flow level is set by reference to
       financial year.                                                                                                                     our long-range plan and market expectations. The vesting levels as a percentage of the award subject to this performance
    2. In exceptional circumstances, such as but not limited to where a delay to the grant date is required, the Remuneration              element are: 0% vesting for this element for below threshold performance; 20% vesting for threshold performance; and 100%
       Committee may set a vesting period of less than three years, although GLTI awards will continue to be subject to a                  vesting for maximum performance (with linear interpolation between points).
       performance period of at least three years. Awards may be subject to a mandatory two-year post-vesting holding period before     6. Our ESG targets are aligned to our externally communicated mission. Where performance is below the agreed ambition, the
       the underlying shares can be sold.                                                                                                  Remuneration Committee will use its discretion to assess vesting based on performance against the stated ambition and any
    3. The Remuneration Committee retains the discretion to adjust the extent to which an award vests based on the achievement of          other relevant information.
       the relevant performance conditions, where applicable, and to reflect the Company’s and Executive Director’s underlying          7. Market value share options is a new award introduced in the 2026 Directors’ Remuneration Policy, subject to approval at the
       performance and any other factors the Remuneration Committee considers appropriate. In addition, the Remuneration                   2026 AGM. The structure is designed to strengthen alignment between Executive Directors and shareholders by linking reward
       Committee has the discretion to reduce long-term incentive grant levels for Executive Directors who have neither met their          outcomes directly to absolute share price growth.
       SOG nor increased their shareholding by 100% of salary during the year.
    4. Vested GLTI shares and exercised MVSOs are normally subject to a mandatory two-year holding period (in the case of
       options, limited to two years from the date of vesting) before the underlying shares can be sold. If an Executive Director
       departs the Group, they are required to retain shares for a further two-years. The number of shares which must be retained is
       the lower of the share ownership requirement for their role and their actual shareholding. The number of shares will be
       confirmed in their leaver agreement.

    
    106    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                       Strategic report                       Governance                                  Financials                             Other information


          Remuneration Policy continued


          Malus and clawback                                                                                                The assumptions underlying each scenario are described below.
                                                                                                                            
          The Remuneration Committee reviews the incentive plan results before any payments are made to
          executives or any shares vest and has full discretion to adjust the final payment or vesting if they believe          Fixed           Consists of base salary, benefits and pension.
          circumstances warrant it. In particular, the Remuneration Committee has the discretion to use either malus                            Base salary is at 1 July 2026.
          or clawback as it sees appropriate. In the case of malus, the award may lapse wholly or in part, may vest to                          Benefits are valued using total remuneration figures for the 2026 financial year table on
          a lesser extent than it would otherwise have vested or vesting may be delayed.                                                        page 110 (of the 2026 annual report).
          In the case of clawback, the Remuneration Committee may recover bonus amounts that have been paid up                                  Pensions are valued by applying cash allowance rate of 10% of base salary at 1 July
          to three years after the relevant payment date, or recover share awards that have vested up to five years                             2026.
          after the relevant grant date. In line with best practice guidance, the key trigger events for the use of the                                                               Base         Benefits        Pension         Total fixed
          clawback arrangements include material misstatement of results, material miscalculation of performance                                                                       (£)           (£)             (£)               (£)
          condition outcomes, the Executive Director’s gross misconduct, or breach of their restrictive covenants, the                          Group Chief Executive               1,332,565      49,000         133,257         1,514,822
          Executive Director causing a material financial loss to the Group as a result of reckless or negligent conduct
          or inappropriate values or behaviour, corporate failure or serious reputational damage. The malus and                                 Group Chief Financial Officer        725,000       62,000          72,500          859,500
          clawback periods were selected based on what was considered appropriate timeframes to review whether                  Mid-point       Based on what a Director would receive if performance was in line with the Company’s
          any trigger events have occurred under the malus and clawback provisions and to align with the                                        business plan.
          performance, holding, and share ownership periods.                                                                                    The opportunity for the annual bonus (‘GSTIP’) is 100% of base salary under this
          Estimates of total future potential remuneration from 2027 pay packages                                                               scenario.
          The tables to the right provide estimates of the potential future remuneration for Executive Directors based                          The opportunity for the GLTI reflects assumed achievement mid-way between threshold
          on the remuneration opportunity to be granted in the 2027 financial year. Potential outcomes based on                                 and maximum performance.
          different performance scenarios are provided in accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements.                                 The opportunity for the MVSOs assumes a share price growth of 10% beyond the
                                                                                                                                                exercise price.
                                                                                                                                Maximum         The maximum award opportunity for the GSTIP is 200% of base salary.
                                                                                                                                                The maximum GLTI opportunity reflects full vesting based on the maximum award levels
                                                                                                                                                set out in this Remuneration Policy (i.e. 350% of base salary for the Group Chief
                                                                                                                                                Executive and 315% of base salary for the Group Chief Financial Officer). The maximum
                                                                                                                                                MVSO opportunity assumes a share price growth of 30% beyond the exercise price.
                                                                                                                                Maximum         The same assumptions apply as for ‘Maximum’ but with a 50% uplift in the value of the
                                                                                                                                +50%            GLTI award and, for MVSO, a 50% growth beyond the exercise price.
                                                                                                                                All scenarios   Long-term incentives consist of share awards only which are measured at face value in
                                                                                                                                                the case of GLTI awards and share price growth beyond the exercise price in the case of
                                                                                                                                                MVSO awards.
                                                                                                                            




                                                                                                                            
               Strategic report                          Governance                                 Financials                      Other information              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             107


    Remuneration Policy continued



    Recruitment remuneration                                                                                        Payments for departing Executive Directors
    Our approach to recruitment remuneration is to pay no more than is necessary and appropriate to attract         In the table below we summarise the approach on payments for loss of office. We will always comply both
    the right talent to the role.                                                                                   with the relevant plan rules and local employment legislation. The Remuneration Committee may make
    The Remuneration Policy table (pages 104 and 105) sets out the various components which would be                any statutory payment that is required in accordance with local law.
                                                                                                                    
    considered for inclusion in the remuneration package for the appointment of an Executive Director. Any          Provision      Policy
    new Director’s remuneration package will take into account the elements and constraints of those of the         Notice period – 12 months’ notice from the Company to the Executive Director.
    existing Director performing a similar role and the individual circumstances of the new Director. This          and           – Up to 12 months’ base salary and contractual benefits (in line with the notice period).
    means a potential maximum bonus opportunity of 200% of base salary and long-term incentive maximum              compensation    Notice period payments will either be made as normal (if the Executive Director
    face value of opportunity at award of 500% of base salary.                                                      for loss of     continues to work during the notice period or is on gardening leave) or they will be
    When considering the remuneration arrangements of individuals recruited from external roles to the              office in       made as monthly payments in lieu of notice.
    Board, we will take into account the remuneration package of that individual in their prior role and Listing    service
    Rule 9.3.2 pertaining to buy-out awards. If necessary we will seek to replicate, as far as practicable, the     contracts
    level and timing of such remuneration, taking into account also any remaining performance requirements          Treatment of – The annual bonus may be pro-rated for the period of service during the financial year
    applying to it. This will be achieved by granting awards of cash or shares that vest over a timeframe           annual bonus    and will reflect the extent to which Company performance has been achieved. The
    similar to those forfeited and, if appropriate, based on performance conditions. A commensurate reduction       (‘GSTIP’) on    annual bonus may be paid in such proportions of cash and shares, and subject to such
    in quantum will be applied where it is determined that the new awards are either not subject to                 termination     deferral arrangements, as the Remuneration Committee may determine.
    performance conditions or subject to performance conditions that are not as stretching as those of the          under plan    – The Remuneration Committee has discretion to adjust the entitlement to an annual
    awards forfeited.                                                                                               rules           bonus to reflect the individual’s performance and the circumstances of the termination.
    We will honour existing awards, incentives, benefits and contractual arrangements made to individuals           Treatment of   – Normally, unvested LTI awards will lapse when an Executive Director leaves the
    prior to their promotion to the Board and/or prior to the approval and implementation of this Remuneration      unvested         Group. However, an Executive Director’s award will vest in accordance with the terms
    Policy. For the avoidance of doubt this includes payments in respect of any award granted under any             long-term        of the plan to the extent determined by the Remuneration Committee, provided at least
    previous Directors’ Remuneration Policy. This will last until the existing incentives vest (or lapse) or the    incentive        five months and one day has elapsed from the end of the calendar month in which the
    benefits or contractual arrangements no longer apply.                                                           awards on        award was granted, taking into account applicable performance conditions, the
                                                                                                                    termination      underlying performance of the Company and of the Executive Director and any other
    Service contracts of Executive Directors                                                                        under plan       relevant factors, if the Executive Director dies in service or leaves because of their ill
    Executive Directors’ contracts have rolling terms and can be terminated with no more than 12 months’            rules            health, injury, disability, redundancy or retirement, or the sale of their employing
    notice.                                                                                                                          company or business out of the Group or for any other reason determined by the
    The key elements of the service contract for Executive Directors relate to remuneration, payments on loss                        Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee has discretion to determine
    of office (see table to the right), and restrictions during active employment (and for 12 months thereafter).                    whether the award will vest at the normal vesting date or earlier. The Remuneration
    These restrictions include non-competition and non-solicitation of customers and employees. Further                              Committee will determine the satisfaction of performance conditions applicable to the
    detail on the disclosure of directors’ service contracts is set out on page 120 of the 2026 Directors’                           award. Awards will, unless the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise, be
    Remuneration Report.                                                                                                             pro-rated for the proportion of the vesting period that had elapsed at the date the
                                                                                                                                     Executive Director leaves the Group.
    Corporate events                                                                                                               – In the case of share options held by Executive Directors the exercise period will be
    All of the Company’s share plans contain provisions relating to a change of control of the Company.                              limited to 12 months commencing from the end of the holding period (if applicable) or
    Outstanding awards and options would normally vest and become exercisable on a change of control                                 from the termination date where the holding period has concluded or another date as
    taking into account, in respect of LTI awards, the extent to which, in the Remuneration Committee’s                              determined by the Remuneration Committee in accordance with the plan rules.
    opinion, any relevant performance conditions are satisfied, the Company’s and the Executive Director’s                         – The Remuneration Committee has discretion to vary the level of vesting as deemed
    performance, any other relevant factors and, unless the Remuneration Committee determines otherwise,                             appropriate, and in particular to determine that awards should not vest for reasons
    the proportion of the vesting period that has elapsed.                                                                           which may include, at their absolute discretion, departure in case of poor performance,
    In the event of a demerger, distribution (other than an ordinary dividend) or other transaction which would                      departure without the agreement of the Board, or detrimental competitive activity.
    affect the current or future value of any award, the Remuneration Committee may allow awards to vest on         Pension and    – Generally pension and benefit provisions will continue to apply until the termination
    the same basis as for a change of control described above. Alternatively, an adjustment may be made to          benefits         date.
    the number of shares if considered appropriate.                                                                                – Where appropriate other benefits may be receivable, such as (but not limited to)
                                                                                                                                     leaving gifts up to an appropriate amount, payments in lieu of accrued holiday, legal
                                                                                                                                     fees, tax advice costs in relation to the termination and outplacement support.
                                                                                                                                   – Benefits of relatively small value may continue after termination where appropriate,
                                                                                                                                     such as (but not limited to) mobile phone provision.
                                                                                                                    
    108    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                      Strategic report                       Governance                               Financials                           Other information


          Remuneration Policy continued


          In exceptional circumstances, an arrangement may be established specifically to facilitate the exit of a         Governance of Directors’ Remuneration
          particular individual albeit that any such arrangement would be made within the context of minimising the        To avoid conflicts of interest, the Remuneration Committee is entirely comprised of Non-Executive
          cost to the Group. We will only take such a course of action in exceptional circumstances and where it is
          considered to be in the best interests of shareholders.                                                          Directors (who are not eligible to participate in the Company’s annual bonus or long-term incentive
                                                                                                                           arrangements) and the Remuneration Committee ensures that individuals are not present when the
          Chair and Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration                                                                  Remuneration Committee discusses their own remuneration.
          Our policy is for the Chair to review the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors annually following
          consultation with the Remuneration Committee Chair and Group Chief Executive. Fees for the Chair are set         Subject to approval, we will review our Remuneration Policy each year to ensure that it continues to
          by the Remuneration Committee.                                                                                   support our Company strategy and, if it is necessary to make a change to our Remuneration Policy within
                                                                                                                          the next three years, we will seek prior shareholder approval.
          Element           Policy
          Fees              – We pay a fee to our Chair which includes fees for chair of any committees. We pay a          Additional Policy statement
                              fee to each of our other Non-Executive Directors and they may receive an additional fee      The Remuneration Committee reserves the right to make payments outside of the Policy in limited,
                              if they chair or are a member of a committee and/or hold the position of Senior              exceptional circumstances, such as for regulatory, tax or administrative purposes, or to take account of a
                              Independent Director and/or Workforce Engagement Lead.                                       change in legislation or exchange controls, and only where the Remuneration Committee considers such
                            – The Committee continues to review how fees are delivered, with reference to regulatory       payments are necessary to give effect to the intent of the Policy.
                              requirements for UK-listed companies. Whilst fees are typically delivered in cash, the       
                              Committee may choose to deliver fees in shares if this is deemed to be more
                              appropriate.
          Operation         – We aim to pay competitively for the role including consideration of the time commitment
                              required and benchmark the fees against an appropriate external comparator group.
                            – Non-Executive Directors’ fee levels are set within the maximum level as approved by
                              shareholders as part of our Articles of Association. We review the structure of fees from
                              time to time and may, as appropriate, make changes to the manner in which total fees
                              are structured, including but not limited to any additional chair or membership fees.
          Incentives        – Non-Executive Directors do not participate in any incentive plans although they are
                              encouraged to build up a personal shareholding in the Company.
          Benefits          – Non-Executive Directors do not participate in any benefit plans. The Company does not
                              provide any contribution to their pension arrangements. The Chair is entitled to the use
                              of a car and a driver whenever and wherever they are providing their services to or
                              representing the Company. Where Non-Executive Directors incur certain taxable travel
                              and accommodation expenses in relation to attending Board activities, we also cover
                              the tax liability for these expenses. In appropriate circumstances, an allowance may be
                              payable to certain non-Europe-based Non-Executive Directors when required to travel
                              to attend Board and committee meetings to reflect the additional time commitment
                              involved.
          Non-Executive Director letters of appointment
          Non-Executive Directors are engaged through letters of appointment that set out their duties and
          responsibilities. The appointment of Non-Executive Directors may be terminated without compensation.
          Non-Executive Directors are generally not expected to serve for a period exceeding nine years. For further
          information refer to the Nominations and Governance Committee section of the Annual Report.
                Strategic report                       Governance                                  Financials                     Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              109




    Annual Report on Remuneration
    Remuneration Committee                                                                                        2026 remuneration
    In this section we give details of the composition of the Remuneration Committee (the ‘Committee’) and        In this section we summarise the pay packages awarded to our Executive Directors for performance in
    activities undertaken during the 2026 financial year. The Committee’s function is to exercise independent     FY26 versus FY25. Specifically, we have provided a table that shows all remuneration that was earned by
    judgement and consists of the following independent Non-Executive Directors:                                  each individual during the year and computed a single total remuneration figure for the year outlined on
                                                                                                                  the next page. The value of the annual bonus (‘GSTIP’) reflects what was earned in respect of the year
    Chair: Amparo Moraleda                                                                                        but will be paid out in the following year. Similarly the value of the long-term incentive (‘GLTI’) reflects the
    Committee members: Michel Demaré, Simon Dingemans (appointed 29 July 2025), Christine Ramon,                  share award which will vest in July 2026 as a result of the performance through the three-year period
    (appointed 29 July 2025), and Delphine Ernotte Cunci (until 29 July 2025).                                    ended 31 March 2026.

    The Committee regularly consults with Margherita Della Valle, the Group Chief Executive, and Ruth             Consideration of the use of discretion
    McGill, the Chief Human Resources Officer, on various matters relating to the appropriateness of awards       The Remuneration Committee reviews all incentive awards prior to payment and uses judgement to
    for Executive Directors and senior executives, though they are not present when their own compensation        ensure that the final assessments of performance are fair and appropriate. If circumstances warrant it, the
    is discussed. In addition, James Ludlow, the Group Reward and Policy Director, provides a perspective on      Committee may adjust the final payment or vesting.
    information provided to the Committee, and requests information and analysis from external advisers as        The Committee reviewed incentive outcomes at the May 2026 meeting and considered the
    required. Maaike de Bie, the Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, advises the Committee on            appropriateness of outcomes in light of wider financial and business performance and the wider employee
    corporate governance guidelines and is Secretary to the Committee.                                            experience across the relevant measurement periods for both the short-term and long-term incentive
    Meetings                                                                                                      plans. The Committee agreed the outcomes were appropriate and that no adjustments were required to
    The Remuneration Committee normally has five scheduled meetings per year, held either in person or via        either the short-term or long-term incentive outcomes this year.
    conference call. Details of the principal agenda items for these meetings for the year under review are set   Malus and clawback
    out below. In addition to these scheduled meetings, ad hoc meetings or conference calls can also take         No malus and clawback provisions were applied to any current or previous Executive Director during the
    place when required. Meeting attendance can be found on page 80.
                                                                                                                 2026 period. Details of the circumstances that would trigger the use of malus and clawback provisions,
    Meeting                 Agenda items                                                                          and the period during which they may be applied, are set out in our Policy on page 106.
    May 2025                – 2025 annual bonus achievement and          – External market update.
                              2026 targets/ranges.                       – 2025 Directors’ Remuneration           Board changes
                            – 2023 long-term incentive award vesting       Report.                                Pilar López was appointed the Group Chief Financial Officer and an Executive Director on 1 December
                              and 2026 targets/ranges.                   – Shareholder engagement.                2025 after joining Vodafone on 1 October 2025 as the Chief Financial Officer Designate. She replaced
                                                                                                                  Luka Mucic who stepped down from the position and departed Vodafone on 30 November 2025. Pilar’s
    July 2025               – 2025 AGM update.                           – Share plan grant approval.
                                                                                                                  base salary was set as £725,000 and her maximum opportunity level for the annual bonus and GLTI
                            – 2026 Policy review.
                                                                                                                  award is in line with the levels set for the Group Chief Financial Officer, outlined on page 102. Following
    November 2025           – External market update.                    – Share plan update.                     her appointment, Pilar was granted a 2026 GLTI award and received a cash award of £170,000 to
                            – 2026 Policy proposal.                                                               compensate her for awards foregone from her previous employer. She also received a pro-rata annual
    January 2026            – 2027 short-term incentive structure.       – UK pay gap reporting.                  bonus details of which are included in the single figure table on the next page.
                            – Share plan update.
                            – 2026 Policy consultation.                                                           The 2026 data within the single figure table reflects a full year of service for Margherita Della Valle, the
    March 2026              – Risk assessment of incentive plans.        – Chair and Non-Executive Director       Group Chief Executive, whilst for Pilar and Luka, the 2026 single figure reflects their partial year of
                            – Remuneration arrangements across             fee levels.                            service. For Margherita and Luka, the 2025 period reflects a full year of service.
                              Vodafone.                                  – 2027 reward packages for the           
                            – Policy review.                               Executive Committee.
    110       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                   Strategic report                               Governance                                        Financials                                       Other information


          Annual Report on Remuneration continued

                                                                                                                                                   2026 annual bonus (‘GSTIP’) payout
          Total remuneration for the 2026 financial year                                                                                           In the table below we disclose our achievement against each of the performance measures and targets in
          
                                                                    Margherita Della Valle          Pilar López               Luka Mucic
                                                                                                                                                   our annual bonus (‘GSTIP’) and the resulting total annual bonus payout level for the year ended 31 March
                                                                        2026          2025       2026           2025         2026        2025      2026 of 64.5% of maximum. Commentary on our performance against each measure is provided further
                                                                       £’000          £’000      £’000          £’000        £’000      £’000      below.
          Salary/fees                                                  1,283        1,250          242               –        507        760       
                                                                                                                                                                                    Payout at                     Actual payout      Threshold          Target      Maximum           Actual
          Taxable benefits1                                                49           57          62               –          66       140                                        maximum                        (% of overall   performance    performance    performance    performance
                                                                                                                                                                                 performance     Actual payout            bonus           level          level          level          level1
          Annual bonus: GSTIP                                                                                                                      Performance measure           (% of salary)    (% of salary)      maximum)              €bn            €bn            €bn             €bn
          (see below for further detail)                               1,668        1,464          311               –        653        890       Service revenue                   40.0%            29.6%            14.8%             31.6           32.5           33.4           33.0
          Total long-term incentive:                                   7,004        1,929             –              –           –          –      Adjusted EBIT                     40.0%            23.1%            11.6%              3.3            3.9            4.6            4.0
                     GLTI awards2,3                                    6,130        1,566             –              –           –          –      Adjusted free cash flow           40.0%            28.5%            14.3%              1.8            2.3            2.8            2.5
                     GLTI dividends4                                     874          363             –              –           –          –      Revenue market share              20.0%            11.0%             5.5%
          Pension/cash in lieu of pension                                128          125           24               –          51         76      Net promoter score                40.0%            25.1%            12.6%
                                                                                                                                                   Churn                             20.0%            11.6%             5.7%                        See overleaf for further details
          Other                                                             –            –         1705              –           –          –
                                                                                                                                                   Total annual bonus
          Total                                                      10,132         4,825          809               –      1,277      1,866       payout level                    200.0%           128.9%             64.5%
          Total Fixed Remuneration                                     1,460        1,432          328               –        624        976       Note:
          Total Variable Remuneration                                  8,672        3,393          481               –        653        890       1. These figures are adjusted for the impact of M&A transactions, foreign exchange movements and any changes in accounting
                                                                                                                                                      treatment.
          Notes:
          1. A range of benefits were provided to Executive Directors, where benefits values for any one Executive Director were significant       Financial metrics
             they have been specifically noted in brackets, the benefits provided include: cash car allowance (£19,200 p.a. each), travel          As set out in the above table, service revenue and adjusted free cash flow finished at the upper end of the
             including grossed up tax (Margherita Della Valle £26,638), relocation (Pilar López £52,509 and Luka Mucic £52,000), and private
             healthcare.
                                                                                                                                                   respective target ranges and EBIT, revenue market share, NPS, and churn finished above the mid-point of
          2. The share price used for the 2026 value, as set out in note 3 below, is higher than the grant price when it was awarded. As such,     the respective target ranges.
             40% of the value shown in the 2026 column is attributable to share price appreciation over the vesting period.
          3. The value shown in the 2025 column is the award which vested on 27 July 2025 and is valued using the execution share price on         Customer metrics
             27 July 2025 of 83.37 pence. This figure reflects the vest price under the GLTI confirmed after the 2025 Annual Report on             An assessment of performance under the customer measures was conducted on a market-by-market
             Remuneration was published. The value shown in the 2026 column is the award which vests on 27 July 2026 and is valued using           basis. Each market was assessed against a number of different metrics against the following measures:
             an average closing share price over the last quarter of the 2026 financial year of 108.63 pence.                                      
          4. Under the GLTI, executives receive a cash award equivalent in value to the dividends that would have been paid during the vesting     – Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’) for both Consumer and Vodafone Business – defined as the extent to
             period on any shares that vest. The dividend value shown for 2026 relates to the award vesting on 27 July 2026, which will be paid
             at the point of vesting.                                                                                                                which our customers would recommend us.
          5. Reflects the value of the cash award received by Pilar López to compensate her for awards foregone at her previous employer.          – Churn – defined as total gross customer disconnections in the period divided by the average total
             This value was calculated by reference to the value of the forfeited restricted stock awards, with clawback applicable to the full      customers in the period.
             award for 12 months. No performance conditions have been applied to this award.                                                       – Revenue market share (‘RMS’) – based on our total service revenue versus that of our competitors in
                                                                                                                                                     the markets we operate in.
                                                                                                                                                   All measures utilise data from our local markets which is collected and validated for quality and
                                                                                                                                                   consistency by independent third-party agencies where possible. Further details on our performance
                                                                                                                                                   against each key metric is set out below.
                                                                                                                                                   In respect of Consumer NPS, customer experience strengthened across key markets, with an overall
                                                                                                                                                   reduction in deep detractors of 8% across the Group. We also recorded good performance in consumer
                                                                                                                                                   benchmark NPS, with the average gap to the leader improving on an aggregated market level, and
                                                                                                                                                   recorded clear or joint leadership in VodafoneThree, South Africa, Portugal, Ireland, Albania, and Egypt.
                                                                                                                                                   Strong performance in Ireland meant we became joint market leader, and in Portugal we widened the
                                                                                                                                                   
                 Strategic report                               Governance                                              Financials                            Other information                        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         111


    Annual Report on Remuneration continued



    gap. In Vodafone Business we achieved or retained NPS leadership or co-leadership positions in six out                                 Long-term incentive (‘GLTI’) award vesting in July 2026
    of eleven markets, maintaining or improving our position year on year in all other markets. We saw                                     Targets
    particularly strong performance in South Africa and Egypt; with both becoming the market leader, having                                The performance conditions for the three-year period ended 31 March 2026 are as follows:
                                                                                                                                           

    improved their NPS scores by double-digits.                                                                                            Adjusted FCF performance –              TSR outperformance –
                                                                                                                                           60% of total award (€bn)                30% of total award                           TSR peer group
    On an aggregated basis we observed stable churn levels in broadband in Europe and in post-paid                                         Below threshold              <9.00      Below threshold         Below median         BT Group                     Royal KPN
    consumer mobile contracts in Europe and Africa. We are making progress in Germany and continue to                                      Threshold                    9.00       Threshold               Median               Deutsche Telekom             Telecom Italia
    focus on reducing levels through churn prevention and new customer win-back strategies. South Africa
                                                                                                                                           Maximum                      11.00      Maximum                 7.00% p.a.           Liberty Global               Telefónica
    delivered strong performance, reducing consumer contract churn by 1.4 percentage points. In relation to
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                MTN                          Telefónica
    broadband, the UK improved churn by 0.5 percentage
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Deutschland1
    In respect of RMS, we achieved a good performance across both our mobile and fixed line services                                                                                                                            Orange
    (where operated). Service revenue grew on a reported and organic basis, and there was positive
                                                                                                                                           Note:
    year-on-year revenue market share improvements in many of our European markets. In the UK progress                                     1. This peer delisted from the Frankfurt Stock Exchange in April 2024 after this award was granted. As a result, its respective
    was driven by continued progression of the VodafoneThree integration, in Romania, Türkiye, Albania and                                    outcome was its performance up to the delisting date and thereafter based on movements in the peer group, adjusted in line
    Ireland we hold strong positions and in Germany, our overall market share remained broadly stable. In                                     with the average TSR performance of peer companies.
    Africa, we continued to maintain strong market positions for our mobile services, with notable gains in                                
    market share in Egypt and Tanzania.                                                                                                    ESG performance – 10% of total award
                                                                                                                                                             ESG metric for 2024                                                                         Ambition for 2024 GLTI
    It is within this context that performance against our customers measures during the year was judged to                                Mission pillar    GLTI                      Overall ambition of 2024 GLTI   Baseline position for 2024 GLTI   (10% of total award)
    be above the mid-point of the respective ranges for NPS, RMS, and churn.                                                               Protecting our     Net zero                 90% reduction in Scope 1 52% reduction in Scope                   84% reduction in
                                                                                                                                           Planet                                      and 2 emissions by 2030 1 and 2 emissions                         Scope 1 and 2
    Overall outcome                                                                                                                                                                    against a FY20 baseline1 versus a FY20 baseline                   emissions versus a
                                                                       Base salary   Maximum bonus        2026 payout    Actual payment                                                                         at 31 March 2023                         FY20 baseline by
    2026 annual bonus (‘GSTIP’) amounts1                                    £’000    % of base salary   % of maximum               £’000                                                                                                                 31 March 2026
    Margherita Della Valle                                                 1,294              200%            64.5%       1,667,553¹       Empowering         Female                   40% representation of           34% representation of             36% representation
                                                                                                                                           People             representation in        women in management             women in management               of women in
    Pilar López2                                                             725              200%            64.5%         311,491¹
                                                                                                                                                              management               by 2030                         at 31 March 2023                  management by
    Luka Mucic2                                                              760              200%            64.5%         653,058                                                                                                                      31 March 2026
                                                                                                                                           Digital Society    Financial inclusion      >75m financial inclusion        60.7m financial inclusion         70.0m financial
    Note:                                                                                                                                  / Inclusion for    customers                customers by 2026               customers at 31 March             inclusion
    1. 25% of post-tax bonus will be deferred into shares for two years if an Executive Director has not met their share ownership
       requirement, having taken into consideration the upcoming vest of their GLTI award.
                                                                                                                                           All                                                                         2023                              customers by
    2. Reflects bonus paid for the period of 1 April 2025 to 30 November 2025 for Luka Mucic and 1 December 2025 to 31 March 2026                                                                                                                        31 March 2026
       for Pilar López. Further details on Luka’s leaving arrangements are found on page 114.                                              Note:
                                                                                                                                           1. Our goals are to achieve Net Zero in Europe by 2028 and Africa by 2035, with an aim to achieve a 90% reduction in Scope 1 &
                                                                                                                                              2 by 2030 based on FY20 baseline. This is in line with our emissions reduction pathway which has been validated by the
                                                                                                                                              Science Based Targets initiative (‘SBTi’).

                                                                                                                                           Vesting outcome
                                                                                                                                           The 2024 long-term incentive (‘GLTI’) awards which were granted to executives in July 2023 will vest at
                                                                                                                                           70.0% of maximum in July 2026.
                                                                                                                                           The adjusted free cash flow for the three-year period ended on 31 March 2026 was €12.2 billion and
                                                                                                                                           equates to vesting under the FCF element of 100.0% of maximum.
                                                                                                                                           The chart on the next page shows that our TSR performance over the three-year period ended on
                                                                                                                                           31 March 2026 was below the median of the peer group resulting in no vesting under this measure.
                                                                                                                                           
    112       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                  Strategic report                               Governance                                          Financials                                Other information


          Annual Report on Remuneration continued


          2024 GLTI award: TSR performance                                                                                                        Long-term incentive (‘GLTI’) award vesting in July 2028
          Growth in the value of hypothetical US$100 holding over the performance period, six-month averaging.                                    The performance conditions for the 2026 long-term incentive awards granted in July 2025, subject to a
          
                                                                                                                                                  three-year performance period ending 31 March 2028, are adjusted free cash flow (60% of total award),
                                                                                                                                                  relative TSR (30% of total award) and ESG (10% of total award), performance conditions set out in the
                                                                                                                                                  tables below.
                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Adjusted FCF
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    performance      Vesting percentage
                                                                                                                                                  Adjusted FCF performance (60% of total award)                                                            (€bn)     (% of FCF element)

                                                                                                                                                  Below threshold                                                                                             <7.5               0%
                                                                                                                                                  Threshold                                                                                                    7.5             20%
                                                                                                                                                  Maximum                                                                                                      9.5            100%
                                                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Vesting percentage
                                                                                                                                                  TSR performance (30% of total award)                                                       TSR outperformance (% of TSR element)

                                                                                                                                                  Below threshold                                                                             Below median                       0%
          ESG performance across our three metrics was as follows:
                                                                                                                                                 Threshold                                                                                            Median                  20%
          – Net Zero: achieved 84% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 emissions versus the FY20 baseline as at 31 March
            2026                                                                                                                                  Maximum                                                                                         7.00% p.a.                  100%
          – Female representation in management: achieved 36% representation of women in management as at                                         
                                                                                                                                                  TSR peer group
            31 March 2026
          – Financial inclusion connections: achieved the ambition of 70.0m connections at 31 March 2026 and our                                  BT Group                                                           Deutsche Telekom                                    Telefónica
            overall ambition of >75m financial inclusion customers by 2026                                                                        Orange                                                                 Telecom Italia                                       MTN
                                                                                                                                                  
          The Committee reviewed the above performance and determined vesting under the ESG element of 100.0%                                     ESG performance – 10% of total award
          of maximum. This reflected full vesting achievement under all ESG metrics where strong progress against                                                    ESG metric for 2026
          the stretching ambitions were made.                                                                                                     Mission pillar     GLTI                         Overall ambition          Baseline position for 2026 GLTI     Ambition for 2026 GLTI

          The vesting outcome when applied to the number of shares granted is set out in the table below.                                         Protecting our       Net zero                   90% reduction in          83.7% reduction in                  86.5% reduction
                                                                                                                                                 Planet                                          Scope 1 and 2             Scope 1 and 2                       in Scope 1 and 2
                                                      Adjusted free                                                                                                                               emissions by 2030         emissions versus                    emissions versus
          2024 GLTI share awards                          cash flow Relative TSR          ESG     Weighted                                                                                        against a FY20            a FY20 baseline at                  a FY20 baseline
          subject to performance                      performance   performance   performance  performance                   Value of
          conditions vesting in July Maximum number         payout         payout       payout       payout  Number of shares vesting
                                                                                                                                                                                                  baseline                  31 March 2025                       by 31 March
          20261                            of shares % of maximum % of maximum % of maximum % of maximum shares vesting       (’000)2                                                                                                                           2028
          Margherita Della Valle        8,061,395           100%              0%         100.0%           70.0%      5,642,976     £6,129,965     Empowering           Female                     40% representation of 37.0% representation                    38.0%
                                                                                                                                                  People               representation in          women in              of women in                             representation of
          Notes:
          1. Luka Mucic’s 2024 award lapsed in full on 30 November 2025 following his resignation from the Company.                                                    management                 management by 2030 management at                              women in
          2. The amount shown is valued using an average closing share price over the last quarter of the 2026 financial year of 108.63 pence.                                                                          31 March 2025                           management by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                31 March 2028
          A review is performed by our internal Risk and Assurance team over the adjusted free cash flow calculation                              
          to assist with the Committee’s assessment of performance. The performance assessment in respect of the
          TSR measure is undertaken by WTW. ESG performance is shared with the ESG Committee prior to the
          Remuneration Committee. Details of how the plan works can be found in the 2023 Remuneration Policy
          which can be found in the 2023 Annual Report on Remuneration.
                 Strategic report                                 Governance                                            Financials                            Other information                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                            113


    Annual Report on Remuneration continued



    The table below sets out the conditional share awards granted to Margherita Della Valle in July 2025 and                              Alignment to shareholder interests
    Pilar López in November 2025. Luka Mucic did not receive an award following the announcement of his                                   Share ownership levels and requirements for individuals who held the position of Executive Director are
    resignation in May 2025 (see page 114 for further details). The number of shares granted represents the                               set out in the table below.
    maximum vesting possible. At the time of the awards vesting, the Remuneration Committee will assess if
    any adjustments are required based on any windfall gains believed to have occurred.                                                   As shown in the chart below, Margherita increased her shareholding level during the year. The share price
                                                                                                                                         used for measurement purposes increased from 69.55 pence for the 31 March 2025 measurement to
                                                                                                        Proportion of                     108.63 pence for the 31 March 2026 measurement.
                                                                  Maximum            Maximum        maximum award                         
                                                               vesting level      vesting level   vesting at minimum       Performance
    2026 GLTI performance share awards granted in 20251   (number of shares)      (face value2)          performance         period end                                                                                     % of                                         Date for
                                                                                                                                                                                  Requirement                        requirement      Number of        Value of      requirement
    Margherita Della Valle                                     7,480,848        £6,250,000                    1/5th     31 Mar 2028       Position at 31 March 2026            as a % of salary   % of salary held      achieved   shares owned   shareholding1   to be achieved

    Pilar López                                                3,438,553        £3,262,500                    1/5th     31 Mar 2028       Margherita Della Valle                       500%               457%            91%      5,441,487 £          5.9m        Apr 2028
    Notes:                                                                                                                                Pilar López                                  400%                  0%             0%               0 £        0.0m       Dec 2030
    1. GLTI awards were granted as conditional share awards with a value equal to the percentages of salary referred to on page 102
       and based on their base salary as at 31 March 2025 or at appointment. Dividend equivalents on the shares that vest are paid in     Position at 30 November 2025
       cash after the vesting date.                                                                                                       Luka Mucic                                   400%               640%          160%       4,476,000 £          4.9m               N/A
    2. For Margherita Della Valle the face value of the award was calculated based on the closing share price using three business
       days immediately preceding the date of grant, this was 83.6 pence (award granted in July 2025). For Pilar López the face value     Notes:
       of the award was calculated based on the closing share price on the day immediately preceding the date of grant, this was 94.9     1. The amounts shown are valued using an average closing share price over the last quarter of FY26 of 108.63 pence.
       pence (award granted in November 2025).                                                                                            

    Outstanding awards
    The structure of the 2026 GLTI (vesting July 2028) is set out on the previous page. Further details of the
    structure of the 2025 GLTI (vesting July 2027), and relevant targets, can be found in the Annual Report on
    Remuneration for 2025.
    Employee share plans
    During the year the Executive Directors were eligible to participate in the Vodafone Group Sharesave Plan
    which is a HM Revenue & Customs (‘HMRC’) tax advantaged scheme. Options under the plan are
    granted at up to a 20% discount to market value. No Executive Directors currently hold options under the
    plan.
    Pensions
    During FY26, Margherita Della Valle accrued benefits under the defined contribution pension plan of                                   The shareholding requirements include a post-employment condition whereby the Executive Directors will
    £10,000, with the remainder of her 10% of base salary pension benefit for the year delivered as a cash                                need to continue to hold shares equivalent to the value of their requirement at the date of departure (or
    allowance. Pilar López’s pension contribution of £10,000 was pro-rated for her service during the 2026                                actual holding on departure if the requirement has not been reached during employment) for a further two
    financial year. Luka Mucic received a cash allowance of 10% of base salary prorated up until his                                      years post-employment. As a result, Luka Mucic will be required to maintain a shareholding of at least
    departure date.                                                                                                                       3,536,528 shares until 30 November 2027.

    Margherita Della Valle, Pilar López, and Luka Mucic have not participated in a Vodafone-sponsored                                     The Committee has a number of processes in place to ensure this condition is met, including executives
    defined benefit pension plan during their employments. The Executive Directors are provided life                                      holding all of their share awards in a Company-accessible account and the Committee having the ability
    assurance to cover death in service. In the event of ill health, an entitlement to a benefit of two-thirds of                         to lapse any unvested GLTI awards if the condition is not met.
    base salary, up to a maximum benefit determined by the insurer, may be provided up until state pension                                Based on membership as at 31 March 2026, collectively the Executive Committee, including the
    age. In respect of the Executive Committee members, during the year the Group has made aggregate                                      Executive Directors, owned around 18.5 million Vodafone shares at 31 March 2026, with an approximate
    contributions of £64,075 (2025: £60,439) into a defined contribution pension plan during the year.                                    value of £20.1 million. None of the Executive Committee members’ shareholdings amounts to more than
                                                                                                                                          1% of the issued shares in that class of share, excluding treasury shares.
                                                                                                                                          
    114       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                Strategic report                                    Governance                                         Financials                                       Other information


          Annual Report on Remuneration continued


          Directors’ interests in the shares of the Company                                                                                          Performance share awards
          A summary of interests in shares and scheme interests of the current Executive Directors is given below.                                   The maximum numbers of shares subject to outstanding performance conditions that have been granted
          More details of the outstanding shares subject to award are set out in the table below.                                                    to Directors under the long-term incentive (‘GLTI’) plan are currently as follows.
                                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2026 award
                                                                                                                 Unvested with     Unvested with
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Awarded: July 2025 /November 2025
                                                                                             Total number of      performance       performance
                                                                                                                                                                                               2024 award                                 2025 award    Performance period ending: March 2028
                                                                                          interests in shares       conditions         conditions
                                                                                                                                                                                       Awarded: July 2023                        Awarded: July 2024                     Vesting date: July 2028
          At 31 March 2026                                                                    (at maximum)1          (at target)   (at maximum)
                                                                                                                                                     GLTI           Performance period ending: March 2026     Performance period ending: March 2027                        Share price at grant:
          Executive Directors                                                                                                                        performance                   Vesting date: July 2026                   Vesting date: July 2027                  83.6 pence (July award) /
                                                                                                                                                     share awards          Share price at grant: 77.5 pence          Share price at grant: 73.1 pence            94.9 pence (November award)
          Margherita Della Valle                                                             29,528,985         14,452,499 24,087,498
                                                                                                                                                     Margherita
          Pilar López                                                                          3,438,553         2,063,132          3,438,553        Della Valle                              8,061,395                                 8,545,255                                 7,480,848
          Total                                                                              32,967,538         16,515,631 27,526,051                Pilar
          Note:                                                                                                                                      López                                               –                                         –                              3,438,553
          1. This includes both owned shares, including interests of connected persons, and the maximum number of unvested share awards.
                                                                                                                                                     Note:
          In August 2025 the Company introduced new guidance asking the Chair and Non-Executive Directors to                                         1. The Committee will review the performance outcome of all awards to assess whether any windfall gains are present at the point
          build up a holding equivalent to the Non-Executive Director basic fee over a five year period. Their total                                    of vest.
          number of interests in shares is set out in the table below.
          
                                                                                                                                                     Details of the performance conditions for the awards can be found on page 112 or in the Remuneration
          At 31 March 2026                                                                                  Total number of interests in shares      Report from the relevant year.
          Non-Executive Directors                                                                                                                    Share options
          Stephen A. Carter CBE                                                                                                     175,033          As at 31 March 2026 no Directors held any share options.
          Delphine Ernotte Cunci                                                                                                     88,000          Leaving arrangements for Luka Mucic
          Michel Demaré                                                                                                             100,000          Luka Mucic stepped down as Group Chief Financial Officer and as a Director of the Company on
                                                                                                                                                     30 November 2025. From 1 April 2025 to 30 November 2025, Luka continued to receive his salary and
          Simon Dingemans                                                                                                             52,118         benefits (car, pension, life assurance, and relocation allowance) and will receive a 2026 GSTIP award. His
          Hatem Dowidar                                                                                                                      –       GSTIP payment will be pro-rated for his service during the 2026 financial year up to and including his
          Deborah Kerr                                                                                                     (ADRs) 12,0001            departure date on 30 November 2025. Please see page 110 for full details of his payments in respect of
                                                                                                                                                     the 2026 financial year.
          Amparo Moraleda                                                                                                            30,000
          Anne-Françoise Nesmes2                                                                                                     21,278          As outlined in our 2025 Directors’ Remuneration Report, Luka did not receive a 2026 GLTI award and his
                                                                                                                                                     2024 and 2025 GLTI awards fully lapsed when he ceased to be an employee of the Company. The
          Christine Ramon                                                                                                           138,055          Company’s treatment of these awards complies with the terms and conditions of the share plan rules.
          Simon Segars                                                                                                               40,000          Luka will receive no further payments other than those stated above.
          Jean-François van Boxmeer                                                                                                1,360,180         Payments to past Directors
          Former Non-Executive Directors                                                                                                             During the 2026 financial year Lord MacLaurin received benefits, including grossed up tax, in respect of
                                                                                                                                                     security, £58,927 (2025: £56,351), and private medical insurance, £6,589 (2025: £5,923), as per his
          David Nish3                                                                                                               107,018          contractual arrangements. No other costs for past Directors exceeded our de minimis reporting threshold
          Note:                                                                                                                                      of £5,000 p.a..
          1. One ADR is equivalent to 10 ordinary shares.
          2. Appointed on 29 July 2025.                                                                                                              
          3. David Nish retired and stepped down from the Board on the 29 July 2025, following the 2025 Annual General Meeting. The share
             interest shown represents the number of shares held at the date David stepped down from the Board

          Between 31 March 2026 and 19 May 2026 there was no change to the Directors’ shareholdings other than
          Simon Segars who purchased 50,000 shares on 13 May 2026.
          Other than those who were Board members at 31 March 2026 in the tables above, members of the Group’s
          Executive Committee at 31 March 2026 had an aggregate beneficial interest in around 13 million ordinary
          shares of the Company. None of the Directors had an individual beneficial interest amounting to greater than
          1% of the Company’s ordinary shares.
                 Strategic report                                  Governance                                          Financials                            Other information                          Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026      115


    Annual Report on Remuneration continued

                                                                                                                                         Fair pay at Vodafone
    2026 remuneration for the Chair and Non-Executive Directors                                                                          In addition to being a core principle of the Committee, there is a clear culture in our business of ensuring
                                                                                                                                         we offer competitive and fair pay to all our people. Our approach across our business is guided by six
                                                                                                                                        principles which can be found on our fair pay website through the link below and includes a commitment
                                                                               Salary/fees         Benefits1               Total         to gender pay parity. Our commitment to these principles is reflected by the fact that the UK-based Living
                                                                             2026       2025        2026 2025           2026     2025    Wage Foundation has certified us as an Accredited Living Wage employer.
                                                                            £’000       £’000      £’000 £’000         £’000     £’000

    Chair                                                                                                                                    Click to learn more about our fair pay principles: vodafone.com/fair-pay
    Jean-François van Boxmeer                                               683         650          34      31         717       681    In keeping with our fair pay principle of ensuring reward decisions are free from discrimination, each year
    Senior Independent Director                                                                                                          we publish our UK pay gap report in line with the statutory UK requirements for disclosing the gender pay
    Simon Segars                                                            193         150          15    105          208       255    gap. Our report also voluntarily reports on our ethnicity pay gap for UK employees in our local market and
                                                                                                                                         Group entity. Details of our pay gap disclosure can be found in our report linked below.
    Non-Executive Directors                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                             Click to learn more about our initiatives, case studies, and key statistics on our dedicated UK pay gap webpage:
    Stephen A. Carter CBE                                                   135         115            3      4         138       119        vodafone.com/gender-pay-gap
    Delphine Ernotte Cunci                                                  135         115            6      5         141       120
                                                                                                                                         We are proud of the policies that we have put in place to support our employees and we remain
    Michel Demaré                                                           138         115          11       5         149       120    committed to addressing all forms of representation at all levels.
    Simon Dingemans                                                         152          29            4      –         156         29
                                                                                                                                         Risk management
    Hatem Dowidar                                                              –2          –           5      4            5         4   The Committee undertakes an annual review of the potential risks within our incentive plans and what
    Deborah Kerr                                                            138         115          15      10         153       125    steps have been taken to mitigate these. The review looks at both the structure of our incentives and the
                                                                                                                                         performance conditions used. Given our current structure and performance metrics, the 2026 review
    Amparo Moraleda                                                         185         185          11      11         196       196
                                                                                                                                         focused on risk areas such as capital expenditure and alignment between management and stakeholders.
    Anne-Françoise Nesmes (appointed 29 July 2025)                          101            –           9      –         110          –
                                                                                                                                         Stakeholder engagement
    Christine Ramon                                                         138         115          10      15         148       130    The Committee considers all stakeholder groups when setting executive pay including:
    Former Non-Executive Directors                                                                                                       

    David Nish (retired on 29 July 2025)                                      62        190          15      203          77      210    Employees       The Committee is fully briefed on pay arrangements across the business to ensure any
                                                                                                                                                         decisions on executive pay are made within our wider business context and take into
    Total                                                                 2,060      1,779         138     210        2,198     1,989                    account wider employee pay conditions. We engage with our employees through a
    Notes:                                                                                                                                               variety of means including employee forums, interactive webinars with our executives,
    1. This includes certain travel and accommodation expenses in relation to Board activities which are treated as a taxable benefit.                   global Spirit Beat surveys, and digital communication platforms, all of which give our
       Values include these expenses and the corresponding grossed up tax settled by the Company.
    2. As per the terms of our strategic relationship agreement with e&, Hatem Dowidar does not receive a fee for this role.
                                                                                                                                                         people the chance to voice their opinion on any area of interest, including all-employee
    3. This figure is restated on account of a change to David Nish’s applicable tax treatment for the benefits provided.                                and executive pay.
                                                                                                                                         Customers       The importance of customers to our strategy is reflected in how our annual bonus plan
    Pay in the wider context                                                                                                                             includes the customer-focused measures of revenue market share, NPS, and churn.
    Remuneration arrangements                                                                                                            Shareholders    The Committee values the active participation of our shareholders during our
    As part of its review of executive remuneration arrangements, the Committee takes account of the pay                                                 consultations and fully considers all feedback as part of the review process.
    policies in place across the wider business. This includes considering the structure of remuneration                                 External bodies The Committee actively engages with external professional bodies and government
    offerings at each level of the business.                                                                                                             departments when they issue consultations on proposed changes to legislation or
    During the year the Committee reviewed the remuneration structure across the business, which included                                                reporting guidelines.
    how our arrangements aligned with our strategy, the introduction of the Vodafone Leadership Team (‘VLT’)                             Wider society   The Committee is fully aware that society remains concerned about the risk of
    and how the business is preparing for the EU Pay Transparency Directive. The update also set out the                                                 excessive executive pay practices in the wider market. The Committee believes that
    results of the latest annual fair pay review, including where the key focus areas were, and any actions                                              transparent reporting and active engagement in explaining both the operation of, and
    agreed locally to implement required adjustments.                                                                                                    rationale for, executive pay decisions is key for businesses to retain trust in this area.
                                                                                                                                         
    116       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                       Strategic report                                    Governance                                Financials                             Other information


          Annual Report on Remuneration continued


          Relative spend on pay                                                                                                                             The pay ratio figures in the above table are calculated using the following total pay and benefits
          The chart below shows the distributions to shareholders in the year by way of dividends and share                                                 information:
          buy-backs and the total cost of remuneration in the Group.                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                    25th percentile pay       Median pay ratio           75th percentile pay
                                                                                                                                                            Year     Supporting information                 ratio (£’000)              (£’000)                   ratio (£’000)

                                                                                                                                                            2026     Salary                                       41.0                   62.7                          75.3
                                                                                                                                                                     Total pay and benefits                       46.4                   77.3                          89.3
                                                                                                                                                            2025     Salary                                       40.5                   67.1                          76.3
                                                                                                                                                                     Total pay and benefits                       47.0                   75.7                          90.5
                                                                                                                                                            2024     Salary                                       35.9                   54.6                          72.8
                                                                                                                                                                     Total pay and benefits                       41.3                   63.7                          88.5
               Further details of the above chart can be found in notes 9 and 24 of the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                            2023     Salary                                       26.5                   56.1                          75.6
          CEO pay ratio                                                                                                                                              Total pay and benefits                       34.6                   70.5                          92.8
          The following table sets out our CEO pay ratio figures:
          
                                                                                                                                                            2022     Salary                                       31.7                   47.1                          71.5
          Year                          CEO single figure (£’000)      Method   25th percentile pay ratio   Median pay ratio   75th percentile pay ratio             Total pay and benefits                       36.9                   57.5                          87.2
          2026                                         10,132       Option B                     218:1              131:1                       113:1       2021     Salary                                       30.0                   37.1                          71.2
          20251                                          4,825      Option B                     103:1                64:1                       53:1                Total pay and benefits                       33.5                   41.0                          85.3
          2024                                           4,395      Option B                     106:1                69:1                       50:1       2020     Salary                                       28.0                   42.8                          65.0
          20232                                          4,394      Option B                     127:1                62:1                       47:1                Total pay and benefits                       31.3                   51.1                          78.6
          2022                                           4,173      Option B                     113:1                73:1                       48:1       2019     Salary                                       23.1                   36.4                          65.0
          2021                                           3,551      Option B                     106:1                87:1                       42:1                Total pay and benefits                       28.3                   40.8                          78.2
          2020                                           3,529      Option B                     113.1                69.1                       45.1
                                                                                                                                                            The calculation methodology used reflects Option B as defined under the relevant regulations. In line with
          20193                                          4,359      Option B                     154:1              107:1                        56:1       the relevant regulations this utilises the most recently collected and disclosed data analysed within our
          Notes:                                                                                                                                            Gender Pay Gap report, with employees at the three quartiles identified from this analysis and their
          1. The CEO single figure and subsequent pay ratios for 2025 has been updated to reflect the final vest price under the GLTI                       respective single figure values calculated. To ensure this data accurately reflects individuals at each
             confirmed after the 2025 Annual Report on Remuneration was published.                                                                          quartile the single figure values for individuals immediately above and below the identified employee at
          2. The CEO single figure used in the calculation of the 2023 ratios reflects a blended figure for Nick Read and Margherita Della Valle,
             recognising the change in incumbency for the role during this year.                                                                            each quartile within the gender pay gap analysis were also reviewed.
          3. The CEO single figure used in the calculation of the 2019 ratios reflects a blended figure for Vittorio Colao and Nick Read,
             recognising the change in incumbency for the role during this year.                                                                            For 2026, the CEO pay ratio increased compared to 2025 and was driven by the GLTI and GSTIP awards
                                                                                                                                                            paying out at a higher level compared to 2025 and due to the 40% increase in share price of the GLTI
                                                                                                                                                            award over the grant to vest period. Variable pay forms a more significant proportion of the Group Chief
                                                                                                                                                            Executive’s package compared to other employees, and this year the value increased because of
                                                                                                                                                            stronger performance. For the GLTI, this was also driven by an appreciating share price and the award
                                                                                                                                                            being granted based on the Group Chief Executive package rather than as interim Group Chief Executive,
                                                                                                                                                            as was the case for 2025. Considering these factors, the Company believes the median pay ratio is
                                                                                                                                                            consistent with pay policies for the Company’s UK employees, supported by our approach to non-variable
                                                                                                                                                            pay where decisions are aligned to the wider workforce, as described on page 102.
                                                                                                                                                            
                   Strategic report                               Governance                                          Financials                                  Other information                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                      117


    Annual Report on Remuneration continued


    Change in remuneration for Directors and all employees
    In line with regulatory requirements, the table below calculates the percentage change in Directors’ remuneration (salary, taxable benefits and annual bonus payment) compared to the average remuneration for other
    Vodafone Group employees in the UK who are measured on comparable business objectives and employed in the same location.
    
                                                                                                         Change from 2025 to 2026 (%)      Change from 2024 to 2025 (%)      Change from 2023 to 2024 (%)     Change from 2022 to 2023 (%)       Change from 2021 to 2022 (%)
                                                                                                        Base salary/ Taxable Annual       Base salary/ Taxable    Annual   Base salary/   Taxable   Annual   Base salary/  Taxable Annual       Base salary/ Taxable Annual
                                                                                                               fees benefits    bonus            fees benefits     bonus          fees    benefits   bonus          fees   benefits   bonus            fees benefits    bonus
    Executive Directors
    Margherita Della Valle                                                                                      2.6     -14.0      13.9          1.0      42.5     -17.8         53.6       53.8      47.6          15.1       18.2     24.6            0.0      4.8    11.6
    Pilar López1                                                                                                  –         –        –             –         –        –             –          –         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Luka Mucic1                                                                                               -33.3     -52.9    -26.6          71.6      21.7     41.0             –          –         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Non-Executive Directors
    Jean-François van Boxmeer                                                                                   5.1       9.7        –           0.0     -20.5        –           0.0       34.5         –           0.0       61.1        –          118.9        –       –
    Stephen A. Carter CBE                                                                                      17.4     -25.0        –           0.0      33.3        –          45.6       50.0         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Delphine Ernotte Cunci                                                                                     17.4      20.0        –           0.0       0.0        –          45.6        0.0         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Michel Demaré                                                                                              20.0     120.0        –           0.0     -50.0        –           0.0        -9.1        –           0.0    1,000.0        –            0.0        –       –
    Simon Dingemans                                                                                          424.1         –2        –             –         –        –             –          –         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Hatem Dowidar                                                                                                 –      25.0        –             –    400.0         –             –          –         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Deborah Kerr                                                                                               20.0      50.0        –           0.0     -41.2        –           0.0       21.4         –      1,050.0     1,300.0        –             –         –       –
    Amparo Moraleda                                                                                             0.0       0.0        –          17.8       0.0        –          12.1       10.0         –           2.2      900.0        –          19.1         –       –
    Anne-Françoise Nesmes3                                                                                        –         –        –             –         –        –             –          –         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    David Nish3                                                                                               -67.4     -25.0        –          21.0       0.04       –          12.1        5.3         –           0.0       90.0        –            0.0   900.0        –
    Christine Ramon                                                                                            20.0     -33.3        –           0.0       0.0        –         161.4    1,400.0         –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Simon Segars                                                                                               28.7     -85.7        –           9.5     -15.3        –          73.4      933.32        –             –          –        –             –         –       –
    Other Vodafone Group employees employed in the UK                                                           5.8       4.1      21.8          6.1       5.3      -8.6         10.2        2.7      45.7           5.8        5.2      -9.6           2.5      0.3    80.0
    Notes:
    1. On 1 December 2025 Pilar López joined the Board as Group Chief Financial Officer. Luka Mucic stepped down as Group Chief Financial Officer and as a Director of the Company on 30 November 2025.
    2. The % change in Simon Dingeman’s taxable benefits figure was not possible to calculate due to his reported 2025 figure being 0.
    3. On 27 July 2025 Anne-Françoise Nesmes was appointed as a Non-Executive Director and David Nish retired from the Board. 4. This figure is restated on account of a change to David Nish’s applicable tax treatment for the benefits provided.

    The percentage change in remuneration from 2025 to 2026 for Luka Mucic in respect of base salary, taxable benefits, and annual bonus reflect a full period of service as Group Chief Financial Officer in the 2025 financial
    year compared to a part year of service in the 2026 financial year.
    Context on year-on-year percentile changes of prior years outlined in the table above can be found in the Annual Report on Remuneration of the relevant financial year.
    
    Assessing pay and performance                                                                                                           Ten year historical TSR performance
    In the table on the next page we summarise the Chief Executive’s single figure remuneration over the                                    Growth in the value of a hypothetical €100 holding over ten years.
    past 10 years and how our variable pay plans have paid out in relation to the maximum opportunity. This                                 
    can be compared with the historic TSR performance over the same period. The chart to the right shows
    the performance of the Company relative to the FTSE 100 Index over a 10-year period. This year we
    changed to the FTSE 100 index to better reflect the resized Group portfolio, while retaining a broad-
    based index. It should be noted that the TSR element of the 2024 GLTI is based on the TSR performance
    shown in the chart on page 112 and not this chart.




    
    118       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                    Strategic report                             Governance                                        Financials                                   Other information


          Annual Report on Remuneration continued


          Financial year remuneration for Group Chief Executive                                                                                   2027 remuneration
          
                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration arrangements
                                                                                                                                                  Details of how key elements of the Remuneration Policy will be implemented for the 2027 financial year
                                                                                                                                                  are set out below.
                                                                                                                                                  

                                                                                                                                                      2027 base salaries
                                                                                                                                                  As part of this year’s review, conducted in March 2026, the Committee reviewed executive remuneration
                                                                                                                                                  arrangements against its comparator group of FTSE 30 companies (excluding financial services) and
                                                                                                                                                  industry peers.
                                                                                                                                                  Following the review the Committee agreed that effective 1 July 2026 the salary for Margherita Della Valle
                                                                                                                                                  will increase by 3.0%. The level of increase is in line with the budget applicable for Vodafone’s wider UK
                                                                                                                                                  workforce. It was agreed that the base salary for Pilar López will remain unchanged given her recent
                                                                                                                                                  appointment. As a result, the salaries for the Executive Directors are as follows:
                                                                                                                                                  

                                                                                                                                                  – Group Chief Executive (Margherita Della Valle): £1,332,565 (3.0% increase)
                                                                                                                                                  – Group Chief Financial Officer (Pilar López): £725,000 (no change)
                                                                                                                                                  

                                                                                                                                                      2027 annual bonus (‘GSTIP’)
                                                                                                                                                  Following its annual review of the GSTIP structure, the Committee agreed that the performance measures
          Notes:                                                                                                                                  and associated weightings continue to support strategic priorities and therefore the 2027 plan should
          


          1. Reflects the single figure in respect of Vittorio Colao for the period of 1 April 2018 to 30 September 2018.                         remain unchanged from 2026 as follows:
          2. Reflects the single figure in respect of Nick Read for the period of 1 October 2018 to 31 March 2019.
          3. Reflects the single figure in respect of Nick Read for the period of 1 April 2022 to 31 December 2022.                               Growth (70% of total)
          4. Reflects the single figure in respect of Margherita Della Valle for the period of 1 January 2023 to 31 March 2023.                   Service revenue (20%); adjusted EBIT (20%); adjusted free cash flow (20%); and revenue market share
          5. The single figure for 2025 has been updated to reflect the final vest price under the GLTI confirmed after the 2025 Annual Report    (10%).
             on Remuneration was published.
                                                                                                                                                  Customers (30% of total)
                                                                                                                                                  Net promoter score1 (20%); and churn (10%).
                                                                                                                                                  Note:
                                                                                                                                                  


                                                                                                                                                  1. The assessment of NPS utilises data collected in our local markets which is validated for quality and consistency by
                                                                                                                                                     independent third-party agencies.

                                                                                                                                                  Due to the potential impact on our commercial interests, annual bonus targets are considered
                                                                                                                                                  commercially sensitive and therefore will be disclosed in the 2027 Remuneration Report following the
                                                                                                                                                  completion of the financial year.
                                                                                                                                                  

                                                                                                                                                      Long-term incentive awards for 2027
                                                                                                                                                  Awards for 2027 will be made in line with the arrangements described in our proposed policy on page
                                                                                                                                                  105. Performance will be measured over the three financial years ending 31 March 2029, and any net
                                                                                                                                                  vested shares will be subject to an additional two-year holding period. It is anticipated that the final
                                                                                                                                                  awards will be reviewed by the Committee at the July 2026 meeting and, subject to the Committee’s
                                                                                                                                                  approval, will be granted shortly afterwards.
                                                                                                                                                  Full disclosure of the rationale for the final vesting decision of each award will be provided in the relevant
                                                                                                                                                  Directors’ Remuneration Report.
                                                                                                                                                  
                   Strategic report                              Governance                            Financials                         Other information                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           119


    Annual Report on Remuneration continued



    Global long-term incentive (‘GLTI’) award                                                                          Further remuneration information
    Vesting of the 2027 award will be subject to adjusted free cash flow (90% of total award) and ESG (10%             Dilution
    of total award) performance.                                                                                       All awards are made under plans that incorporate dilution limits as set out in the 2023 Investment
                                                                                                                       Association Principles of Remuneration. We note the 2024 Investment Association principles incorporate
    Proposed targets                                                                                                   a revised approach to these limits. In line with the AGM notice, we are proposing to reflect the Investment
    Details of the targets for the 2027 GLTI award, including the three-year adjusted free cash flow target            Association’s revised approach by updating our 2023 Global Incentive Plan rules. The current estimated
    range and the ESG ambitions for female representation in management and net zero, will be disclosed in             dilution from subsisting executive awards is approximately 3.9% of the Company’s share capital at
    the relevant market announcement at the time of grant and published in the 2027 Directors’ Remuneration            31 March 2026 (3.4% at 31 March 2025), whilst from all-employee share awards it is approximately 0.3%
    Report.                                                                                                            (0.3% at 31 March 2025). This gives a total dilution of 4.2% (3.7% at 31 March 2025).
    Market value share options (‘MVSO’) award                                                                          Service contracts
    Market value share options will be granted to participants in July 2026 based on a fair value equivalent to        The terms and conditions of appointment of our Directors are available for inspection at the Company’s
    their maximum opportunity level, described on page 105. The number of options will be determined by                registered office during normal business hours and at the Annual General Meeting (for 15 minutes prior to
    reference to the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the exercise price of the award will be based on          the meeting and during the meeting). The Executive Directors have notice periods in their service
    the prevailing share price at the time of the grant.                                                               contracts of 12 months. The Non-Executive Directors’ letters of appointment do not contain provision for
    The number of options granted and the associated exercise share price will be confirmed and disclosed in           notice periods or for compensation if their appointments are terminated.
    the 2027 Directors’ Remuneration Report.                                                                           External advisers
    The vesting of the award will be subject to continuing employment at the Company, over the three                   The Committee seeks and considers advice from independent remuneration advisers where appropriate.
    financial years ending 31 March 2029. Full disclosure of vesting will be provided in the relevant Directors’       The appointed advisers, WTW, were appointed by the Committee in 2007. The Chair of the Committee
    Remuneration Report.                                                                                               has direct access to these advisers as and when required, and the Committee determines the protocols
                                                                                                                       by which these advisers interact with management in support of the Committee. The advice and
    2027 remuneration for the Chair and Non-Executive Directors                                                        recommendations of the external advisers are used as a guide, but do not serve as a substitute for
    Following this year’s review, it was agreed that the current fee for the Chair of the Board and Non-               thorough consideration of the issues by each Committee member. Advisers attend Committee meetings
    Executive Directors remain appropriate. Details of the 2027 fee levels are set out in the table below.             occasionally, as and when required by the Committee.
    
                                                                                                2027           2026    WTW is a member of the Remuneration Consultants’ Group and, as such, voluntarily operates under the
    Fees payable                                                                               £’000           £’000   Remuneration Consultants’ Group Code of Conduct in relation to executive remuneration consulting in the
    Chair1                                                                                     700             700     UK. This is based upon principles of transparency, integrity, objectivity, competence, due care, and
                                                                                                                       confidentiality by executive remuneration consultants. WTW has confirmed that it adhered to that Code of
    Non-Executive Director (basic fee)                                                         115             115     Conduct throughout the year for all remuneration services provided to Vodafone and therefore the
    Senior Independent Director                                                                  35             35     Committee is satisfied that it is independent and objective. The Remuneration Consultants’ Group Code of
    Committee Chair: Audit and Risk                                                              40             40     Conduct is available at remunerationconsultantsgroup.com.
                                                                                                                       
    Committee Chair: ESG, Remuneration and Technology                                            35             35                                                                            Fees for services
                                                                                                                                                                   Services provided to the   provided to the     Other services provided
    Committee Membership: Audit and Risk                                                         20             20     Adviser          Appointed by               Committee                  Committee £’0001    to the Company
    Committee Membership: ESG, Nominations and Governance, Remuneration and                                            WTW              Remuneration               Advice on market         £132                  Reward and benefits
    Technology                                                                                   15             15                      Committee in 2007          practice; governance;                          consultancy; provision of
                                                                                                                                                                   provision of market data                       benchmark data;
    Note:
                                                                                                                                                                  on executive reward;                           outsourced pension
    1. The Chair does not receive additional fees for committee memberships.                                                                                       reward consultancy; and                        administration; and
    In August 2025 the Company introduced new guidance asking the Chair and Non-Executive Directors to                                                             performance analysis.                          insurance consultancy
    build up a holding equivalent to the Non-Executive Director basic fee over a five year period.                                                                                                                services.
                                                                                                                       Note:
                                                                                                                       


                                                                                                                       1. Fees are determined on a time spent basis.
                                                                                                                       
    120       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         Strategic report                           Governance   Financials   Other information


          Annual Report on Remuneration continued


          2023 Annual General Meeting – Remuneration Policy voting results                                                           
          At the 2023 Annual General Meeting there was a binding vote on our Remuneration Policy.
          Details of the voting outcomes are provided in the table below.
          
                                              Votes for       %       Votes against      %           Total votes         Withheld

          Remuneration Policy         16,676,713,036       95.18    845,122,413        4.82    17,521,835,449       435,210,254

          2025 Annual General Meeting – Remuneration Report voting results
          At the 2025 Annual General Meeting there was an advisory vote on our Remuneration Report.
          Details of the voting outcomes are provided in the table below.
          
                                               Votes for       %       Votes against      %           Total votes        Withheld

          Remuneration Report          15,234,527,578       97.65    365,861,839        2.35    15,600,389,417       25,749,044

          This report on remuneration has been approved by the Board of Directors and signed on its
          behalf by:
          /s/ Amparo Moraleda
          Amparo Moraleda
          On behalf of the Remuneration Committee
          19 May 2026
              Strategic report                      Governance                                   Financials                      Other information                 Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  121



    Our US listing requirements
    As Vodafone’s American Depositary Shares are listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (‘NASDAQ’), we are required to disclose a summary of any significant differences
    between the corporate governance practices we follow and those of US companies listed on NASDAQ. Vodafone’s corporate governance practices are primarily based on UK requirements but substantially
    conform to those required of US companies listed on NASDAQ.

    The material differences are set out in the following table:



    Board member independence        Different tests of independence for Board members are applied under the      Code of Ethics and Code of          Under the NASDAQ Listing Rules, US companies must adopt a Code of
                                     2024 UK Corporate Governance Code (the ‘Code’) and the NASDAQ                Conduct                             Conduct applicable to all directors, officers and employees that comply
                                     Listing Rules (the ‘NASDAQ Listing Rules’). The Board is not required to                                         with the definition of a ‘Code of Ethics’ set out in section 406 of the
                                     take into consideration NASDAQ’s detailed definitions of independence as                                         Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
                                     set out in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. The Board has carried out an                                                – We have adopted a Code of Ethics that complies with section 406 of
                                     assessment based on the independence requirements of the Code and                                                     the Sarbanes-Oxley Act that is applicable only to the senior financial
                                     has determined that, in its judgement, with the exception of Hatem                                                    and principal executive officers.
                                     Dowidar, each of Vodafone’s Non-Executive Directors is independent                                                    Click to read our Code of Ethics: vodafone.com/governance
                                     within the meaning of those requirements.
                                                                                                                                                      – We have also adopted a separate Code of Conduct which applies to
    Committees                       The NASDAQ Listing Rules require US companies to have a nominations
                                                                                                                                                           all employees.
                                     committee, an audit committee and a compensation committee, each
                                     composed entirely of independent directors, with the nominations                                                      Click to read our Code of Conduct: vodafone.com/governance
                                     committee and the audit committee each required to have a written            Quorum                              The quorum required for shareholder meetings, in accordance with our
                                     charter that addresses the committee’s purpose and responsibilities, and                                         Articles of Association, is two shareholders, regardless of the level of their
                                     the compensation committee having sole authority and adequate funding                                            aggregate share ownership, while US companies listed on NASDAQ are
                                     to engage compensation consultants, independent legal counsel and                                                required by the NASDAQ Listing Rules to have a minimum quorum of
                                     other compensation advisers.                                                                                     33.33% of the holders of ordinary shares for shareholder meetings.
                                     – Our Nominations and Governance Committee is chaired by the Chair of        Related-party transactions          For related-party transactions that meet certain financial thresholds set
                                        the Board and based on the independence requirements of the Code,                                             out in the Listing Rules issued by the Financial Conduct Authority (‘FCA’)
                                        with the exception of Hatem Dowidar, its other members are                                                    in the UK (the ‘FCA Listing Rules’), if required we will seek Board approval
                                        independent Non-Executive Directors.                                                                          (excluding conflicted directors) in accordance with the Companies Act
                                     – Our Remuneration Committee is composed entirely of independent                                                 2006 and our Articles of Association and obtain confirmation from a
                                        Non-Executive Directors.                                                                                      sponsor that the terms of the transaction are ‘fair and reasonable’. These
                                     – Our Audit and Risk Committee is composed entirely of Non-Executive                                             steps are similar to what would be required by the NASDAQ Listing Rules
                                        Directors, each of whom the Board has determined to be independent                                            if we were a US company.
                                        based on the independence requirements of the Code; and meets the
                                        independence requirements of the US Securities Exchange Act of 1934                                           Further, we use the definition of a transaction with a related party as set
                                        (the ‘Exchange Act’).                                                                                         out in the FCA Listing Rules, which differs in certain respects from the
                                     – We have terms of reference for our Nominations and Governance                                                  definition of related party transaction in the NASDAQ Listing Rules.
                                        Committee, Audit and Risk Committee and Remuneration Committee,           Shareholder approval                When determining whether shareholder approval is required for a
                                        all of which comply with the requirements of the Code and are available                                       proposed transaction, we comply with the FCA Listing Rules. Under the
                                        for inspection on our website at                                                                              FCA Listing Rules, shareholder approval is required for a reverse takeover
                                        vodafone.com/governance.                                                                                      and certain other types of transaction.
                                     – These terms of reference are generally responsive to the relevant
                                        NASDAQ Listing Rules, but may not address all aspects of these rules.
                                                                                                                  Securities dealing policy
                                                                                                                  Vodafone Group Plc has adopted the Securities Dealing Policy, which, among other things, governs the
                                                                                                                  purchase, sale and other dispositions of Vodafone securities by our Directors, Executive Committee
                                                                                                                  members and certain other employees. The Securities Dealing Policy is designed to ensure compliance
                                                                                                                  with applicable insider trading and market abuse regulations. A copy of our Securities Dealing Policy is
                                                                                                                  filed as Exhibit 11 to the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2026.
                                                                                                                  
    122       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                      Governance                                 Financials                         Other information



          Directors’ Report
          


          The Directors of the Company                           System of risk management and internal                Strategic Report                                         Disclosures required under UK Listing
          present their report together with                     control                                               The Strategic Report is set out on pages 1 to 70         Rule 6.6.1
                                                                 The Board is responsible for maintaining a risk       and is incorporated into this Directors’ Report by       The information on the amount of interest
          the audited consolidated financial                     management and internal control system and for        reference.                                               capitalised and the treatment of tax relief can be
          statements for the year ended 31                       managing the principal risks faced by the Group.                                                               found in notes 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial
          March 2026.                                            Such a system is designed to manage rather than       Directors and their interests                            statements, respectively. The remaining
                                                                 eliminate business risks and can only provide         The Directors of the Company who served during           disclosures required by UK Listing Rule 6.6.1 are
          This report has been prepared in accordance            reasonable and not absolute assurance against         the financial year ended 31 March 2026 and up to         not applicable to Vodafone.
          with the requirements outlined within the Large        material mistreatment or loss. This is described in   the date of signing the financial statements are as
          and Medium-sized Companies and Groups                  more detail in the Audit and Risk Committee           follows: Jean-François van Boxmeer, Margherita           Capital structure and rights attaching to
          (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008 and            Report on pages 92 to 97.                             Della Valle, Pilar López (appointed 1 December           shares
          forms part of the management report as required                                                              2025), Stephen A. Carter CBE, Delphine Ernotte           Ordinary shares of Vodafone Group Plc are traded
          under Disclosure Guidance and Transparency             The Board has implemented in full the Financial       Cunci, Michel Demaré, Hatem Dowidar, Deborah             on the London Stock Exchange and in the form of
          Rule (‘DTR’) 4. Certain information that fulfils the   Reporting Council’s (‘FRC’) ‘Guidance on Risk         Kerr, Maria Amparo Moraleda Martinez, Christine          American Depositary Shares (‘ADS’) on NASDAQ.
          requirements of the Directors’ Report can be           Management, Internal Control and Related              Ramon, Simon Segars and Simon Dingemans,
          found elsewhere in this document and is                Financial and Business Reporting’ for the year        Anne-Françoise Nesmes (appointed 29 July 2025),          ADSs, each representing 10 ordinary shares, are
          referred to below. This information is                 ended 31 March 2026 and up to the date of this        David Nish (until 29 July 2025) and Luka Mucic           traded on NASDAQ under the symbol ‘VOD’. The
          incorporated into this Directors’ Report by            Annual Report. The resulting procedures, which        (until 30 November 2025). A summary of the rules         ADSs are evidenced by American Depositary
          reference.                                             are subject to regular monitoring and review,         relating to the appointment and replacement of           Receipts (‘ADRs’) issued by J.P. Morgan, as
                                                                 provide an ongoing process for identifying,           Directors and Directors’ powers can be found on          depositary, under a deposit agreement, dated
          Vodafone Group Plc is incorporated and                 evaluating and managing the Company’s principal       page 237. Details of the Directors’ interests in the     15 February 2022 between the Company, the
          domiciled in England and Wales (registration           risks (which can be found on pages 60 to 62).         Company’s ordinary shares, options held over             depositary and the holders from time to time of
          number 1833679). The registered address and                                                                  ordinary shares, interests in share options and          ADRs issued thereunder.
          contact number of the Company is Vodafone              Corporate Governance Statement                        long-term incentive plans are set out on pages
          House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire,             The Corporate Governance Statement setting out        114.                                                     ADS holders are not shareholders in the Company
          RG14 2FN, England, telephone +44 (0)1635               how the Company complies with the Code is set                                                                  but may instruct J.P. Morgan on the exercise of
          33251.                                                 out on page 71. This includes a description of the    Directors’ conflicts of interest                         voting rights relative to the number of ordinary
                                                                 main features of our internal control and risk        Established within the Company is a procedure for        shares represented by their ADSs. See the
          Responsibility statement                               management arrangements in relation to the            managing and monitoring conflicts of interest for        sections ‘Articles of Association and applicable
          As required under the DTRs, a statement made           financial reporting process. The information          Directors. Details of this procedure are set out on      English law’ and ‘Rights attaching to the
          by the Board regarding the preparation of the          required by DTR 7.2.6R can be found in the            page 90 and 91.                                          Company’s shares – Voting rights’ on pages 237 to
          financial statements is set out on pages 125 to        ‘Shareholder information’ section on pages 236 to                                                              238.
          126, which also provides details regarding the         241. A description of the composition and             Directors’ indemnities
          disclosure of information to the Company’s             operation of the Board and its Committees             In accordance with our Articles of Association, and      All information relating to the Company’s capital
          auditor and management’s report on internal            including the Board Diversity Policy is set out on    to the extent permitted by law, Directors are            structure, rights attaching to shares, dividends, the
          control over financial information.                    pages 74 to 80, pages 84 to 86, and pages 89 to       granted an indemnity by the Company in respect           policy to repurchase the Company’s own shares,
                                                                 102. The Code can be viewed in full at frc.org.uk.    of liability incurred as a result of their office. In    details of Company share repurchases and details
          Going concern                                                                                                addition, we maintained a directors’ and officers’       of other shareholder information is contained on
          The going concern statement required by the                                                                  liability insurance policy throughout the year.          pages 236 to 241.
          Listing Rules and the UK Corporate Governance                                                                Neither our indemnity nor the insurance provides
          Code 2024 (the ‘Code’) is set out in the                                                                     cover in the event that a Director is proven to have
          ‘Directors’ statement of responsibility’ section on                                                          acted dishonestly or fraudulently.
          page 125. A range of mitigations for risks faced
          by the Group are disclosed on page 63.

          
              Strategic report                         Governance                             Financials                         Other information             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         123


    Directors’ Report continued



    Change of control                                    Political donations                                 Group policy compliance                                 Branches
    Details of change of control provisions in the       No political donations or contributions to          Each Group policy is owned by a member of               The Group, through various subsidiaries, has
    Company’s revolving credit facilities are set        political parties under the Companies Act 2006      the Executive Committee so that there is clear          branches in a number of different jurisdictions
    out in note 22 ‘Capital and financial risk           were made during the financial year. The            accountability and authority for ensuring the           in which the business operates. Further details
    management’.                                         Group policy is that no political donations be      associated business risk is adequately                  are included in note 31 ‘Related undertakings’.
                                                         made or political expenditure incurred.             managed. The Senior Leadership Team
    Information on agreements between the                                                                    member responsible for each of our markets              Employee disclosures
    Company and its Directors providing for              Financial objectives risk and                       and Head Office functions have primary                  Vodafone is an inclusive employer and diversity
    compensation for loss of office or                   management policies                                 accountability for ensuring compliance with all         is important to us. We give full and fair
    employment (including details of change of                                                               Group policies.                                         consideration to applications for employment
                                                         Disclosures relating to financial risk
    control provisions in share schemes) is set                                                                                                                      by disabled persons and the continued
                                                         management objectives and policies, including
    out on pages 107 to 108. Other than these,                                                               Our Group compliance team and policy                    employment of anyone incurring a disability
                                                         our policy for hedging, are set out in note 22 to
    there are no agreements between the                                                                      champions support the policy owners and local           while employed by us. Training, career
                                                         the consolidated financial statements, and
    Company and its employees providing for                                                                  markets in implementing policies and                    development and promotion opportunities are
                                                         disclosures relating to exposure to credit risk,
    compensation for loss of office or                                                                       monitoring compliance. All the key Group                equally applied for all our employees,
                                                         liquidity risk and market risk are outlined in
    employment that occurs because of a                                                                      policies have been consolidated into the                regardless of disability. Our disclosures relating
                                                         note 22.
    takeover bid.                                                                                            Vodafone Code of Conduct, which applies to all          to the employment of women in senior
                                                                                                             employees and those who work for or on behalf           management roles, diversity, employee
    Dividends                                            Important of the financial events year              of Vodafone. It sets out the standards of               engagement and policies are set out on pages
    Full details of the Company’s dividend policy        since the end                                       behaviour expected in relation to areas such as         38 to 41.
    and proposed final dividend payment for the          See note 33 ‘Subsequent events’ to the              insider dealing, bribery and raising concerns           
    year ended 31 March 2026 are set out on              consolidated financial statements .                 through the whistleblowing process (known
    page 22 and note 9 ‘Equity dividends’ to the                                                             internally as ‘Speak Up’).                                  The Directors’ Report was approved by
    consolidated financial statements.                   Future developments within the                                                                                 the Board and signed on its behalf by the
                                                         Group                                                   Read more on pages 44 to 45
                                                                                                                                                                         Group General Counsel and Company
    Sustainability                                                                                                                                                       Secretary.
                                                         The Strategic Report contains details of likely
    Information about the Company’s approach             future developments within the Group.                                                                           Maaike de Bie
    to sustainability risks and opportunities is set                                                                                                                     Group General Counsel and Company
    out on pages 65 to 70.                                                                                                                                               Secretary
    UK Streamlined Energy and Carbon                                                                                                                                     19 May 2026
    Reporting                                                                                                                                                        
    In accordance with UK Streamlined Energy
    and Carbon Reporting (‘SECR’)
    requirements, we monitor and report on the
    greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions of our
    operations, the intensity of our GHG
    emissions relative to revenue, and our
    energy consumption for Vodafone UK.
    Please see the ESG, and Responsible
    Business section of our Strategic Report for
    more details on our GHG and energy
    performance (pages 28 to 30 ) and our
    SECR data disclosure (page 58).

    
    124       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                Governance                                 Financials   Other information



          Reporting on our financial performance
          Contents
          
          125 Directors’ statement of responsibility         Financial position                              Additional disclosures
          127 Report of independent registered public        165   10. Intangible assets                     199 27. Acquisitions and disposals
              accounting firm                                167   11. Property, plant and equipment         202 28. Commitments
                                                             169   12. Associates and joint arrangements     202 29. Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings
          137 Consolidated financial statements              175   13. Other investments                     205 30. Related party transactions
          137 Consolidated income statement                  176   14. Trade and other receivables           206 31. Related undertakings
          137 Consolidated statement of comprehensive        177   15. Trade and other payables              218 32. Subsidiaries exempt from audit
              expense                                        178   16. Provisions                            218 33. Subsequent events
          138 Consolidated statement of financial position   179   17. Called-up share capital               219 These pages are intentionally left blank
          139 Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                    226 Non-GAAP measures (unaudited
          141 Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                             Cash flows                                          information)
                                                             179 18. Reconciliation of net cash flow from    230 Additional information (unaudited
          141 Notes to the consolidated financial
                                                                 operating activities                            information)
              statements
          141 1. Basis of preparation                        180 19. Cash and cash equivalents
                                                             180 20. Leases
                 Income statement                            183 21. Borrowings
                                                             184 22. Capital and financial risk management
          148 2. Revenue disaggregation and segmental
              analysis
          151 3. Operating profit/(loss)                     Employee remuneration
          152 4. Impairment losses                           193 23. Directors’ and key management
          157 5. Investment income and financing costs           compensation
          157 6. Taxation                                    193 24. Employees
          162 7. Discontinued operations and assets held     194 25. Post-employment benefits
              for sale                                       198 26. Share-based payments
          164 8. Earnings per share
          164 9. Equity dividends

          
                Strategic report                              Governance                                  Financials                           Other information                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               125





    Directors’ statement of responsibility
    
    The Directors are responsible for                           The Directors are responsible for keeping proper            Having taken advice from the Audit and Risk                    Business planning process and
                                                                accounting records that disclose with reasonable            Committee, the Board considers the Annual Report,
    preparing the financial statements in                       accuracy at any time the financial position of the          taken as a whole, is fair, balanced and
                                                                                                                                                                                           performance management
                                                                                                                                                                                           The Group’s forecasting and planning cycle consists
    accordance with applicable law and                          Company and of the Group and enable them to                 understandable and that it provides the information
                                                                                                                                                                                           of in-year forecasts, a budget and a long-range plan.
    regulations and for keeping proper                          ensure that the financial statements are prepared in        necessary for shareholders to assess the Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                                           These generate income statement, cash flow and
                                                                accordance with UK-adopted IAS, with IFRS as                position and performance, business model and
    accounting records. Detailed below                          issued by the IASB and with the requirements of the         strategy.
                                                                                                                                                                                           borrowings projections for assessment by Group
                                                                                                                                                                                           management and the Board. Each forecast is
    are statements made by the Directors                        Act. They are also responsible for the system of            Neither the Company nor the Directors accepts any              compared with prior forecasts and actual results to
                                                                internal control, for safeguarding the assets of the
    in relation to their responsibilities,                      Company and the Group, and for taking reasonable
                                                                                                                            liability to any person in relation to the Annual Report       identify variances and understand the drivers of the
    disclosure of information to the                                                                                        except to the extent that such liability could arise           changes and their future impact so management can
                                                                steps for the prevention and detection of fraud and         under English law. Accordingly, any liability to a             take action where appropriate. Additional analysis is
    Company’s auditor, going concern and                        other irregularities.                                       person who has demonstrated reliance on any untrue             undertaken to review and sense check the key
    management’s report on internal                             The Directors are responsible for the maintenance           or misleading statement or omission shall be                   assumptions underpinning the forecasts. These
                                                                and integrity of the Company’s website. Legislation in      determined in accordance with section 90A and                  forecasts are also used to review the expected
    control over financial reporting.                           the United Kingdom governing the preparation and            schedule 10A of the Financial Services and Markets             outcomes of announced M&A transactions.
    Financial statements and accounting                         dissemination of financial statements may differ from       Act 2000.
                                                                legislation in other jurisdictions.                                                                                        Cash flow and liquidity reviews
    records                                                                                                                 Disclosure of information to the auditors                      The business planning process provides outputs for
    Company law of England and Wales requires the               Directors’ responsibility statement                         Having made the requisite enquiries, so far as the             detailed cash flow and liquidity reviews, to ensure
    Directors to prepare financial statements for each          Each of the Directors, whose names and functions            Directors are aware, there is no relevant audit                that the Group maintains adequate liquidity
    financial year that give a true and fair view of the        are listed on pages 77 to 80, confirms that, to the         information (as defined by section 418(3) of the               throughout the forecast periods. The prime output is a
    state of affairs of the Company and of the Group at         best of their knowledge:                                    Companies Act 2006) of which the Company’s auditor             liquidity forecast that is prepared and updated at least
                                                                
    the end of the financial year and of the profit or loss                                                                 is unaware and the Directors have taken all the steps          on a monthly basis, which highlights the extent of the
                                                                – The consolidated financial statements, prepared           they ought to have taken to make themselves aware
    of the Group for that period. In preparing those                                                                                                                                       Group’s liquidity based on controlled cash flows and
                                                                  in accordance with UK-adopted IAS, with IFRS as           of any relevant audit information and to establish that
    financial statements, the Directors are required to:                                                                                                                                   the headroom under the Group’s undrawn revolving
                                                                  issued by the IASB and with the requirements of           the Company’s auditor is aware of that information.
                                                                                                                                                                                          credit facility. The key inputs into this forecast are:
    – Select suitable accounting policies and apply               the Act, give a true and fair view of the assets,                                                                        

      them consistently;                                          liabilities, financial position and loss of the Group;    Going concern                                                  – Cash flow forecasts with information taken from
    – Make judgements and estimates that are                    – The parent company financial statements,                  The Group’s business activities, performance,                    the business planning process;
      reasonable and prudent;                                     prepared in accordance with UK generally                  position, principal risks and uncertainties and the            – Bond and other debt maturities;
    – Present information, including accounting                   accepted accounting practice, give a true and fair        Directors’ assessment of its long-term viability are set       – Completion of committed M&A transactions; and
      policies, in a manner that provides relevant,               view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and   out on pages 60 to 64.                                         – Expectations for shareholder returns and
      reliable, comparable and understandable                     loss of the Company; and                                                                                                   spectrum auctions.
                                                                – The Strategic Report includes a fair review of the        In addition, the funding position of the Group is
      information;                                                                                                          included in ‘Borrowings’ and ‘Capital and financial risk       The liquidity forecast is reviewed by the Group Chief
    – State whether the consolidated financial                    development and performance of the business
                                                                                                                            management’ in notes 21 and 22, respectively, to the           Financial Officer and included in each of the reports
      statements have been prepared in accordance                 and the position of the Group, together with a
                                                                                                                            consolidated financial statements. Notes 21 and 22             to the Board. In addition, the Group continues to
      with UK-adopted International Accounting                    description and robust assessment of the principal
                                                                                                                            include disclosure in relation to the Group’s                  manage its foreign exchange and interest rate risks
      Standards (‘IAS’), with International Financial             risks and uncertainties that it faces.
                                                                                                                            objectives, policies and processes for managing, as            within the framework of policies and guidelines
      Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the             The Directors are also responsible under section 172        well as details regarding its capital, its financial risk      authorised and reviewed by the Board, with Treasury
      International Accounting Standards Board                  of the Companies Act 2006 for promoting the success         management objectives, its financial instruments and           risk management oversight provided by the
      (‘IASB’) and with the requirements of the UK              of the Company for the benefit of its members as a          hedging activities, and its exposures to credit risk and       responsible committee with its members receiving
      Companies Act 2006 (the ‘Act’);                           whole and in doing so have regard for the needs of          liquidity risk. As noted on pages 184 to 185, the              management information relating to treasury activities
    – State for the Company’s financial statements              wider society and stakeholders, including customers,        Group has access to substantial cash and financing             on a quarterly basis.
      whether applicable UK accounting standards                consistent with the Group’s core and sustainable            facilities.
      have been followed; and                                                                                                                                                              The Directors have also considered sensitivities in
                                                                business objectives.
    – Prepare the financial statements on a going                                                                           The Group also believes it adequately manages or               respect of potential downside scenarios in concluding
      concern basis unless it is inappropriate to                                                                           mitigates its solvency and liquidity risks through two         that the Group is able to continue in operation for the
      presume that the Company and the Group will                                                                           primary processes, described below.                            period to 30 June 2027 from the date of approving
      continue in business.                                                                                                                                                                the

    
    126       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     Strategic report                          Governance                                   Financials                           Other information

          Directors’ statement of responsibility continued


          consolidated financial statements. These                   transactions are recorded as necessary to permit         Identification and description of the                      Changes to internal control over financial
          sensitivities include the non-refinancing of debt          the preparation of financial statements in
          maturities, A reverse stress test was reviewed to          accordance with UK-adopted IAS, with IFRS as
                                                                                                                              Material Weakness                                          reporting
                                                                     issued by the IASB and with the requirements of          A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a       Except as noted above, during the period covered by
          understand how severe conditions would have to be
                                                                     the Act, and that receipts and expenditures are          combination of deficiencies, in internal control over      this document, there were no changes in the Group’s
          to breach liquidity, including a required reduction in
                                                                     being made only in accordance with authorisation         financial reporting such that there is a reasonable        internal control over financial reporting that have
          profitability metrics compared to current
                                                                     of management and the Directors of the Company;          possibility that a material misstatement of the Group’s    materially affected or are reasonably likely to
          performance and forecasts. The availability of the
                                                                     and                                                      annual or interim financial statements will not be         materially affect the effectiveness of the internal
          Group’s €7.8 billion undrawn revolving credit
                                                                   – Provide reasonable assurance regarding                   prevented or detected on a timely basis.                   controls over financial reporting.
          facilities as at 31 March 2026 was also considered
          by the Directors.                                          prevention or timely detection of unauthorised           A material weakness was identified in a control            The Group’s internal control over financial reporting at
                                                                     acquisition, use or disposition of the Group’s           supporting the deferred tax asset recoverability           31 March 2026 has been audited by Ernst & Young
          The Directors also considered the findings of the
                                                                     assets that could have a material effect on the          assessment for a UK tax group. The control over            LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm
          work performed to support the statement on the
                                                                     financial statements.                                    certain long term taxable income assumptions within        who also audit the Group’s consolidated financial
          long-term viability of the Group. As noted on page
                                                                   Any internal control framework, no matter how well         the deferred tax asset model did not operate with          statements. See page 129 for their audit opinion on
          64, this included key changes to relevant principal
                                                                   designed, has inherent limitations including the           sufficient precision following the separation of the UK    internal control over financial reporting.
          risks in light of global economic and political
                                                                   possibility of human error and the circumvention or        tax groups after completion of the merger of Vodafone
          uncertainty, sensitivity analysis, scenario                                                                                                                                    By order of the Board
                                                                   overriding of the controls and procedures, and may         UK and Three UK. This control deficiency relates to
          assessments, and combinations of these, over the
                                                                   not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections     the 31 March 2026 financial statement period only.         Maaike de Bie
          viability assessment period.
                                                                   of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are   There was no material weakness identified in any           Group General Counsel and Company Secretary
          Conclusion                                               subject to the risk that controls may become               prior years.
                                                                                                                                                                                         19 May 2026
          Based on the review, the Directors have a                inadequate because of changes in conditions or             Based on the identification of this material weakness,
          reasonable expectation that the Company and the          because the degree of compliance with the policies or      management has concluded that the Group’s internal
          Group have adequate resources to continue in             procedures may deteriorate.                                control over financial reporting was not effective as at
          operational existence for the foreseeable future.                                                                   31 March 2026. However, as the error was identified
          Accordingly, the Directors continue to adopt the         We assessed the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
                                                                   control over financial reporting as at 31 March 2026       and corrections made to amend our current year UK
          going concern basis in preparing the Annual Report                                                                  deferred tax charge, the Group financial statements
          and Accounts.                                            based on the criteria established in the Internal
                                                                   Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the        for the year ended 31 March 2026 were not impacted
          Disclosure controls and procedures                       Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the               and there was no uncorrected misstatement because
                                                                   Treadway Commission (‘COSO’).                              of this material weakness. The error had no impact on
          The Directors, the Group Chief Executive and
                                                                                                                              cash flow reporting.
          Group Chief Financial Officer have evaluated the         During the FY26 year-end process an error was
          effectiveness of the disclosure controls and             identified relating to the assessment of the               Remediation
          procedures, including those defined in the United        recoverability of a deferred tax asset for a new UK tax    Remediation activities have commenced to address
          States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule          group that was formed after the completion of the          the identified material weakness. These activities
          13a–15 thereunder. As a result of the material           merger of Vodafone UK and Three UK in the current          include plans to review and enhance the design of
          weakness described in management’s report on             year. In their assessment of internal control over         controls, including procedures on supporting data and
          internal control over financial reporting, they have     financial reporting (‘ICFR’), Management identified        analysis to ensure the review is sufficiently precise.
          concluded that the disclosure controls and               this as giving rise to a material weakness.                Management also plans to strengthen the governance
          procedures were not effective at the end of the                                                                     and independent review over complex tax models and
          period covered by this report.                                                                                      long term forecasting and assumptions, enhancing
          Management’s report on internal control                                                                             controls over non routine and first year processes.
          over financial reporting                                                                                            The material weakness will be considered remediated
          As required by section 404 of the US Sarbanes-                                                                      only once the enhanced controls have been
          Oxley Act, management is responsible for                                                                            appropriately designed and have operated effectively
          establishing and maintaining adequate internal                                                                      for a sufficient period of time.
          control over financial reporting for the Group. The
          Group’s internal control over financial reporting
          includes policies and procedures that:
          
          – Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
            reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
            transactions and dispositions of assets;
          – Are designed to provide reasonable assurance
            that

          
               Strategic report                          Governance                                 Financials                        Other information              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            127





    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Vodafone Group Plc                                             Carrying value of cash generating units, including goodwill (Germany)
                                                                                                                     


    Opinion on the Financial Statements                                                                              Description of the   As more fully described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, in
    We have audited the accompanying consolidated statement of financial position of Vodafone Group Plc              matter               accordance with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets, the Company calculates the
    (the Company) as of 31 March 2026 and 2025, the related consolidated income statement, statement of                                   recoverable amount for cash generating units (‘CGUs’) based on value in use (‘VIU’)
    comprehensive expense, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for each of the                                     to determine whether an impairment to the carrying value of the CGU, and therefore,
    three years in the period ended 31 March 2026, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the                                 goodwill, is required. As of 31 March 2026, the Company has recorded
    “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in                        €21,918 million of goodwill, including €16,092 million in respect of Germany. The
    all material respects, the financial position of the Company at 31 March 2026 and 2025, and the results of                            Company’s assessment of the VIU of its CGUs involves estimation about the future
    its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 31 March 2026, in                                   performance of the local market businesses. In particular, the determination of the
    conformity with International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the International Accounting                                VIU for Germany was sensitive to the significant assumptions of projected Adjusted
    Standards Board.                                                                                                                      EBITDAaL growth, timing and amount of future capital expenditure, license and
                                                                                                                                          spectrum payments, the long-term growth rate and the discount rate.
    We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
    Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of 31 March                                 Auditing the Company’s annual impairment test for the Germany CGU was complex
    2026, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of                               and involved significant auditor judgement, given the estimation uncertainty related
    Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated 19 May                                      to the significant assumptions described above and the sensitivity to fluctuations and
    2026 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.                                                                                            market specific factors in those assumptions.
                                                                                                                     How we addressed     We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating
    Basis for Opinion                                                                                                the matter in our    effectiveness of management’s controls over the Company’s goodwill impairment
    These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to          audit                review process, including, for example, management’s controls over the significant
    express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public                                         assumptions described above.
    accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the
    Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of                               We evaluated, with the involvement of EY valuation specialists, the methodology
    the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.                                                                                 applied in the Germany VIU model, as compared to the requirements of IAS 36,
                                                                                                                                          including the mathematical accuracy of management’s model.
    We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that
    we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are                               We assessed management’s projected Adjusted EBITDAaL growth, for example by
    free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures                               comparing underlying assumptions including Average Revenue Per User (‘ARPU’) to
    to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,                              external data, such as economic and industry forecasts and competitor data for the
    and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test                                  German telecoms market, supporting contracts and benchmarking provided by
    basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also                                    management, and for consistency with evidence obtained from other areas of our
    included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as                                   audit. Our procedures also included evaluating the historical accuracy of
    well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide                           management’s German business projections, which underpin the VIU model, by
    a reasonable basis for our opinion.                                                                                                   comparing the prior years’ forecast to actual results for each of the last five years.
                                                                                                                                          We performed sensitivity analyses on the VIU model, to evaluate the impact that
    Critical Audit Matters                                                                                                                changes in assumptions would cause to the valuation of the Germany CGU.
    The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the
                                                                                                                                          To assess management’s forecast capital expenditure, license and spectrum
    financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
                                                                                                                                          payments assumption, our procedures included, among others, comparing forecast
    that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
                                                                                                                                          capital expenditure to actual historical spend, assessing market specific events such
    especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
                                                                                                                                          as network deployment plans, industry analysis and competitor data, where
    does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we
                                                                                                                                          available. We compared management’s long-term growth rate and discount rate
    are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical
                                                                                                                                          assumptions to EY independently determined ranges, with the involvement of EY
    audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
                                                                                                                                          valuation specialists.
                                                                                                                                          We evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosures, in particular the sensitivity
                                                                                                                                          disclosures in relation to changes in assumptions that would lead to an impairment
                                                                                                                                          being recorded.

    
    128       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               Strategic report                    Governance                         Financials                       Other information


          Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm continued



          Recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets in Luxembourg and                                 How we              Overall procedures in respect of both jurisdictions
          VodafoneThree                                                                                           addressed the       We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the
          Description of the    As more fully described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements,       matter in our audit operating effectiveness of management’s controls around the recognition of
          matter                the Company recognizes deferred tax assets in accordance with IAS 12                                  deferred tax assets specifically relating to the Luxembourg and
                                Income Taxes, based on whether management determines that it is                                       VodafoneThree tax groups, including, for example, management’s controls
                                probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits in the relevant legal                          over the gross amount of deferred tax assets recorded and the preparation
                                entity or tax group to allow the recognized asset to be recovered.                                    of the prospective financial information used to determine the Luxembourg
                                                                                                                                      and VodafoneThree entities’ future taxable income.
                                Deferred tax assets amounting to €15,248 million are recognized in
                                Luxembourg in respect of losses, and €2,067 million for VodafoneThree,                               We involved our tax professionals and tax specialists, in the performance of
                                primarily relating to excess capital allowances. Management concluded it                             our audit procedures which included, among others, assessment of the
                                is probable that the related entities will continue to generate taxable profits                      existence of available losses for Luxembourg and excess capital allowances
                                in the future against which the deferred tax assets will be recovered over a                         for VodafoneThree, and evaluation of management’s position on the
                                period of 46 to 50 years in Luxembourg and 46 years for VodafoneThree.                               recoverability of the losses and excess capital allowances with respect to
                                The Company does not currently recognize deferred tax assets which are                               local tax law and tax planning strategies adopted.
                                forecast to be used 60 years beyond the reporting period.                                            We also evaluated the nature of reconciling items between forecast profit
                                The Luxembourg companies’ income is primarily derived from internal                                  before tax and taxable profit and considered their appropriateness in
                                financing, centralized procurement and international roaming activities.                             accordance with IAS 12.
                                Management’s forecasted future income considers assumptions of future                                We performed sensitivities to understand the impact of changes in key
                                interest rates and levels of intragroup financing, as well as forecasted                             assumptions of forecast taxable income, on the utilization period, including
                                income from the activities described above.                                                          historical profitability against forecast.
                                The VodafoneThree income is derived from operating activity of the                                   We evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures in respect of the recognition
                                VodafoneThree UK tax group. Management’s forecast assumes an                                         of the deferred tax asset against the requirements of IAS 12.
                                expected level of future profitability, expected level of intercompany debt
                                and inherent risks related to the telecommunications sector.
                                Auditing the Group’s recognition and recoverability of deferred tax assets
                                in Luxembourg and of VodafoneThree is significant to the audit because it
                                involved significant judgements and estimates in relation to future taxable
                                profits and the period of time over which the Group is expected to utilize
                                these assets, results in increased estimation uncertainty.

          
               Strategic report                         Governance                                 Financials                      Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             129


    Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm continued



    How we                Luxembourg specific procedures                                                           How we addressed       We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating
    addressed the         To evaluate the forecast finance income, our procedures included, on a sample            the matter in our      effectiveness of management’s controls over its accounting for the acquisition. We
    matter in our audit   basis, recalculation of income with reference to underlying agreements and               audit                  tested controls over management’s review of the control assessment, valuation of
                          comparison of future interest rates utilized in the forecasts to relevant external                              the consideration and identifiable intangible and tangible assets, including the review
                          benchmarks. We also assessed the projections of internal debt levels for                                        of the models and significant assumptions used.
                          consistency with our understanding of the business and relevant tax regulations in
                          respect of transfer pricing of financial transactions. To assess the likelihood of                              To test the control assessment, our audit procedures included an evaluation of the
                          intercompany debt levels reducing to the extent it would result in the Luxembourg                               terms of the Shareholder Agreement, including the rights of minority shareholders,
                          deferred tax asset not being fully recoverable, we considered the commercial                                    and management’s own assessment against the requirements of IFRS 10.
                          rationale of the arrangements and obtained written representations from                                         To test the valuation of consideration, our audit procedures included, among others,
                          management regarding their intentions to retain the debt levels sufficient to recover                           assessing of the valuation of the Vodafone UK equity value contributed based on its
                          the Luxembourg deferred tax asset.                                                                              standalone valuation model, market assumptions and review of the Shareholder
                          We assessed the reasonability of forecasted procurement and roaming taxable                                     Agreement.
                          profits utilized in management’s assessment, by considering historical forecasting                              To test the value of the acquired identifiable intangible and tangible assets, our audit
                          accuracy and comparing forecasts with evidence obtained from other areas of our                                 procedures included, among others, assessing the competence, capabilities and
                          audit.                                                                                                          objectivity of management’s specialists. In addition, we tested the completeness and
                          VodafoneThree specific procedures                                                                               accuracy of the underlying data used in the purchase price allocation by comparing
                          To evaluate the forecast taxable income for VodafoneThree utilized in                                           to supporting ledgers, and evaluated of the valuation methodologies applied against
                          management’s assessment, our procedures included corroborating that                                             the requirements of IFRS 13, with involvement of EY valuation specialists. For
                          VodafoneThree forecast trading activities used within the deferred tax asset                                    identified intangible assets, we also evaluated the accuracy of the prospective
                          recognition model are consistent with those used as an input into the going                                     financial information by identifying key assumptions and benchmarking them to
                          concern, long-term viability statement, impairment assessment, and the information                              available competitor data and external industry reports, and performing sensitivity
                          approved by the Board related to management’s business plans. We assessed                                       analysis over the key assumptions.
                          management’s expected future profitability, by comparison of underlying                                         We evaluated the adequacy of the related disclosures, in particular the description of
                          assumptions to external data, such as economic and industry forecasts and                                       the transaction and the purchase price allocation.
                          competitor data for the UK telecommunications sector and supporting contracts
                          and benchmarks provided by management.
                          We also assessed the reasonableness of the expected future profitability by              /s/Ernst & Young LLP
                          comparing underlying assumptions to historical performance, commercial rationale,
                                                                                                                   We have servied as the Company’s auditor since 2019.
                          the application of transfer pricing policies and with evidence obtained from other
                          areas of our audit.                                                                      London, United Kingdom
    Merger of Vodafone Limited and Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited in the UK                                      19 May 2026
    Description of the    As more fully described in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements, on
    matter                31 May 2025, the Group completed a transaction to merge Vodafone Limited
                          (‘Vodafone UK’) and Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited (‘Three UK’), to form
                          VodafoneThree Holdings Limited (‘VodafoneThree’) for total consideration valued
                          at €2,446 million. The transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method,
                          which resulted in the recognition of identifiable intangible assets of €2,555 million,
                          tangible assets of €3,457 million and goodwill of €1,358 million.
                          The audit of the merger required significant auditor judgement, in assessing control
                          over VodafoneThree, including whether the Group has the power and ability to use
                          that power to affect its returns. Significant judgement was also involved in
                          evaluating the valuation of the consideration and the identified intangible and
                          tangible assets, given the estimation uncertainty and sensitivity of key
                          assumptions, including those relating to future performance.

    
    130       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                     Governance                              Financials                          Other information


          Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

          To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Vodafone Group Plc                                      Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
                                                                                                                    A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
          Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting                                                      assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
          We have audited Vodafone Group Plc’s internal control over financial reporting as of 31 March 2026,       external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
          based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of         control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
          Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In              maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
          our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of         dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are
          the objectives of the control criteria, Vodafone Group Plc (the Company) has not maintained               recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
          effective internal control over financial reporting as of 31 March 2026, based on the COSO criteria.      accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made
          A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial   only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
          reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company’s      reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
          annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The           disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
          following material weakness has been identified and included in management’s assessment.                  Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
          Management has identified a material weakness in the design and operation of a control supporting         misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
          the deferred tax asset recoverability assessment for a UK tax group.                                      risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
          We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting                   compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
          Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statement of financial position of the
          Company as of 31 March 2026 and 2025, the related consolidated income statement, statement of             /s/Ernst & Young LLP
          comprehensive expense, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for each of the
          three years in the period ended 31 March 2026, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the     London, United Kingdom
          “consolidated financial statements”). This material weakness was considered in determining the
                                                                                                                    19 May 2026
          nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2026 consolidated financial
          statements, and this report does not affect our report dated 19 May 2026, which expressed an
          unqualified opinion thereon.
          Basis for Opinion
          The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial
          reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
          included in the accompanying Management’s report on Internal control over financial reporting on
          page 126. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over
          financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB
          and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
          securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
          and the PCAOB.
          We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require
          that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal
          control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
          Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing
          the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating
          effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures
          as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
          basis for our opinion.
          


          
        Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   131



    Page intentionally blank
    
    132       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank
          
        Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   133



    Page intentionally blank
    
    134       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank
          
        Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   135



    Page intentionally blank
    
    136       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank
          
       Strategic report                             Governance                                         Financials                         Other information                                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 137


    Consolidated income statement                                                                                                         Consolidated statement of comprehensive expense
    for the years ended 31 March                                                                                                          for the years ended 31 March
                                                                                                         2026           2025       2024                                                                                                  2026          2025       2024
                                                                                          Note            €m              €m         €m                                                                                      Note         €m             €m         €m

     Revenue                                                                                  2       40,461     37,448         36,717        (Loss)/profit for the financial year                                                      (49)       (3,746)     1,505
     Cost of sales                                                                                   (27,728)   (24,929)       (24,459)       Other comprehensive (expense)/income:
     Gross profit                                                                                     12,733     12,519         12,258        Items that may be reclassified to the income statement in
     Selling and distribution expenses                                                                (3,149)    (2,934)        (2,674)       subsequent years:
     Administrative expenses                                                                          (5,841)    (5,447)        (5,768)       Foreign exchange translation differences, net of tax                                    (696)           321       (440)
     Net credit losses on financial assets                                                   22         (429)      (476)          (491)       Foreign exchange translation differences, transferred to the                               –            115         23
     Share of results of equity accounted associates and joint                               12         (382)      (123)           (96)       income statement
     ventures                                                                                                                                 Other, net of tax1                                                                       209             36     (1,748)
     Impairment (charge)/reversal                                                             4            –        (4,515)         64
                                                                                                                                              Total items that may be reclassified to the income statement                            (487)           472     (2,165)
     Other (expense)/income                                                                   3          (88)          565         372        in subsequent years
     Operating profit/(loss)                                                                  3        2,844          (411)      3,665        Items that will not be reclassified to the income statement in
     Investment and other income                                                              5        1,395           864         581        subsequent years:
     Financing costs                                                                          5       (2,375)       (1,931)     (2,626)       Fair value gains on equity instruments classified as Other
     Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                                     1,864        (1,478)      1,620        investments, net of tax                                                                  428            116              –
     Income tax expense                                                                       6       (1,805)       (2,246)        (50)       Net actuarial gains/(losses) on defined benefit pension schemes,
     Profit/(loss) for the financial year - Continuing operations                                         59        (3,724)      1,570        net of tax                                                                      25         9              1         (58)
     Loss for the financial year - Discontinued operations                                    7         (108)          (22)        (65)       Total items that will not be reclassified to the income                                  437            117         (58)
     (Loss)/profit for the financial year                                                                (49)       (3,746)      1,505        statement in subsequent years
                                                                                                                                              Other comprehensive (expense)/income                                                      (50)          589 (2,223)
     Attributable to:                                                                                                                         Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the financial year                               (99)       (3,157)  (718)
     – Owners of the parent                                                                            (397)        (4,169)     1,140
     – Non-controlling interests1                                                                       348            423        365         Attributable to:
     (Loss)/profit for the financial year                                                               (49)        (3,746)     1,505
                                                                                                                                              – Owners of the parent                                                                  (254)        (3,485)      (920)
                                                                                                                                              – Non-controlling interests                                                              155            328        202
     (Loss)/earnings per share - Continuing operations
                                                                                                                                              Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the financial year                              (99)        (3,157)      (718)
     – Basic                                                                                  8      (1.20)c        (15.86)c     4.45c
     – Diluted                                                                                8      (1.20)c        (15.86)c     4.44c    Note:
                                                                                                                                          1. Principally includes the impact of the Group’s cash flow hedges deferred to other comprehensive income during the year.

     (Loss)/earnings per share - Total Group                                                                                              Further details on items in the consolidated statement of comprehensive expense can be found in the
     – Basic                                                                                  8      (1.65)c        (15.94)c     4.21c    consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 139 and 140.
     – Diluted                                                                                8      (1.65)c        (15.94)c     4.20c    
    Note:
    1. Profit attributable to non-controlling interests derives solely from continuing activities.
      138    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report                       Governance                                Financials                          Other information



    Consolidated statement of financial position                                                         




    at 31 March
                                                                         31 March 2026   31 March 2025                                                                                         31 March 2026   31 March 2025
                                                                  Note             €m               €m                                                                                  Note             €m               €m
    Non-current assets                                                                                       Equity
    Goodwill                                                        10      21,918          20,514           Called up share capital                                                     17        3,950           4,319
    Other intangible assets                                         10      14,359          12,924           Additional paid-in capital                                                          150,312         149,834
    Property, plant and equipment                                   11      34,193          30,712           Treasury shares                                                                      (6,704)         (6,791)
    Investments in associates and joint ventures                    12       6,492           6,892           Accumulated losses                                                                 (126,532)       (123,503)
                                                                                                             Accumulated other comprehensive income                                               29,607          28,886
    Other investments                                               13       2,087           3,153
    Deferred tax assets                                              6      18,068          19,033           Total attributable to owners of the parent                                           50,633          52,745
    Post employment benefits                                        25         288             242           Non-controlling interests                                                              3,732           1,171
    Trade and other receivables                                     14       5,221           6,431           Total equity                                                                         54,365          53,916
                                                                           102,626          99,901
                                                                                                             Non-current liabilities
    Current assets
                                                                                                             Borrowings                                                                  21       45,506          46,096
    Inventory                                                                  596             617
                                                                                                             Share of net liabilities in associates and joint ventures                   12          102              96
    Taxation recoverable                                                       186             174           Deferred tax liabilities                                                     6        1,043             798
    Trade and other receivables                                     14      10,584           9,404           Post employment benefits                                                    25          206             187
    Other investments                                               13       6,770           7,424           Provisions                                                                  16        1,261           1,430
    Cash and cash equivalents                                       19       8,982          11,001           Non-debt liabilities in respect of written put options                                  107              97
                                                                            27,118          28,620           Trade and other payables                                                    15        3,333           3,147
    Assets held for sale                                             7         174               –                                                                                                51,558          51,851
    Total assets                                                           129,918         128,521           Current liabilities
                                                                                                             Borrowings                                                                  21        7,130           7,047
                                                                                                             Taxation liabilities                                                                    555             578
                                                                                                             Provisions                                                                  16          731           1,066
                                                                                                             Trade and other payables                                                    15       15,579          14,063
                                                                                                                                                                                                  23,995          22,754
                                                                                                             Total equity and liabilities                                                       129,918         128,521

                                                                                                         The consolidated financial statements on pages 137 to 218 were approved by the Board of
                                                                                                         Directors and authorised for issue on 19 May 2026 and were signed on its behalf by:


                                                                                                         
                                                                                                         /s/ Margherita Della Valle                                  /s/ Pilar López
                                                                                                         Margherita Della Valle                                      Pilar López
                                                                                                         Group Chief Executive                                       Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                         
         Strategic report                     Governance                   Financials                       Other information                                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026     139


    Consolidated statement of changes in equity
    for the years ended 31 March
                                                                            Additional                                           Accumulated other comprehensive income                         Equity         Non-
                                                                 Share         paid-in   Treasury   Accumulated       Currency            Pensions          Revaluation                   attributable   controlling       Total
                                                                capital1      capital2     shares        losses       reserve3             reserve              surplus4      Other5       to owners       interests      equity
                                                                     €m            €m         €m            €m             €m                   €m                   €m          €m                €m            €m          €m
        1 April 2023                                           4,797       149,145       (7,719)    (113,086)        27,584                 (911)              1,227         2,362        63,399          1,084        64,483
        Issue or reissue of shares                                 –             –           74          (72)             –                    –                   –            –              2              –              2
        Share-based payments                                       –           108            –            –              –                    –                   –             –           108              7           115
        Transactions with NCI in subsidiaries                      –             –            –          (26)             –                    –                   –             –           (26)            (5)           (31)
        Share of equity accounted entities change in equity        –             –            –         (164)             –                    –                   –             –          (164)             –          (164)
        Dividends                                                  –             –            –       (2,433)             –                    –                   –             –        (2,433)          (256)       (2,689)
        Comprehensive income/(expense)                             –             –            –        1,140           (254)                 (58)                  –        (1,748)         (920)           202          (718)
        Profit                                                     –             –            –        1,140              –                    –                   –             –         1,140            365          1,505
        OCI - before tax                                           –             –            –            –           (826)                 (77)                  –        (2,331)       (3,234)          (192)       (3,426)
        OCI - taxes                                                –             –            –            –              –                   19                   –           583           602              –           602
        Transfer to the Income statement                           –             –            –            –             23                    –                   –             –            23              –             23
        Translation of hyperinflationary results                   –             –            –            –            549                    –                   –             –           549             29           578

        31 March 2024                                          4,797       149,253       (7,645)    (114,641)        27,330                 (969)              1,227          614         59,966          1,032        60,998
        Issue or reissue of shares                                 –             –           84          (81)             –                    –                   –           –               3              –             3
        Share-based payments                                       –           103            –            –              –                    –                   –            –            103              7           110
        Transactions with NCI in subsidiaries                      –             –            –          (47)             –                    –                   –            –            (47)            50             3
        Dividends                                                  –             –            –       (1,795)             –                    –                   –            –         (1,795)          (246)       (2,041)
        Comprehensive (expense)/income                             –             –            –       (4,169)           531                    1                   –          152         (3,485)           328        (3,157)
        (Loss)/profit                                              –             –            –       (4,169)             –                    –                   –            –         (4,169)           423        (3,746)
        OCI - before tax                                           –             –            –            –           (162)                 (12)                  –          204             30            (55)          (25)
        OCI - taxes                                                –             –            –            –              –                   13                   –          (78)           (65)             –           (65)
        Transfer to the Income statement                           –             –            –            –            115                    –                   –           26            141              –           141
        Translation of hyperinflationary results                   –             –            –            –            578                    –                   –            –            578            (40)          538
        Purchase of Treasury shares6                               –             –       (2,000)           –               –                    –                    –           –         (2,000)              –      (2,000)
        Cancellation of shares                                 (478)           478        2,770       (2,770)              –                    –                    –           –              –               –           –

        31 March 2025                                          4,319       149,834       (6,791)    (123,503)        27,861                 (968)              1,227          766         52,745          1,171        53,916
    Continued overleaf for the year ended 31 March 2026 and accompanying footnotes.
    
         140     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                             Strategic report                               Governance                                    Financials                         Other information



    Consolidated statement of changes in equity (continued)
    for the years ended 31 March
                                                                                                 Additional                                                         Accumulated other comprehensive income                    Equity            Non-
                                                                                    Share           paid-in         Treasury           Accumulated      Currency             Pensions          Revaluation              attributable      controlling      Total
                                                                                   capital1        capital2           shares                losses      reserve3              reserve              surplus4    Other5    to owners          interests     equity
                                                                                        €m              €m               €m                    €m            €m                    €m                   €m        €m             €m               €m         €m
        31 March 2025                                                             4,319        149,834             (6,791)             (123,503)       27,861                  (968)              1,227        766      52,745             1,171        53,916
        Issue or reissue of shares                                                    –               2                 82                  (81)               –                   –                    –        –            3              348           351
        Share-based payments                                                          –             107                  –                    –                –                   –                    –        –          107                7           114
        Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                   –               –                  –                    –                –                   –                    –        –            –            1,045         1,045
        Transactions with NCI in subsidiaries                                         –               –                  –                  548              578                   –                    –        –        1,126            1,248         2,374
        Dividends                                                                     –               –                  –               (1,094)               –                   –                    –        –       (1,094)            (242)       (1,336)
        Comprehensive (expense)/income                                                –               –                  –                 (397)            (496)                  1                    –       638        (254)             155           (99)
        (Loss)/profit                                                                –                –                 –                  (397)            –                      –                    –        –         (397)              348          (49)
        OCI - before tax                                                             –                –                 –                     –        (1,058)                     5                    –     1,034         (19)             (190)        (209)
        OCI - taxes                                                                  –                –                 –                     –             –                     (4)                   –     (396)        (400)               (3)        (403)
        Transfer to the Income statement                                             –                –                 –                     –             –                      –                    –        –            –                 –            –
        Translation of hyperinflationary results                                     –                –                 –                     –           562                      –                    –        –          562                 –          562
        Purchase of Treasury shares7                                                 –                –            (2,000)                    –             –                      –                    –        –       (2,000)                –       (2,000)
        Cancellation of shares                                                    (369)             369             2,005                (2,005)            –                      –                    –        –            –                 –            –

        31 March 2026                                                            3,950         150,312             (6,704)             (126,532)       27,943                  (967)              1,227       1,404     50,633             3,732        54,365
    Notes:
    


    1 See note 17 ‘Called up share capital’.
    


    2 Includes share premium, capital reserve, capital redemption reserve, merger reserve and share-based payment reserve.
      The merger reserve was derived from acquisitions made prior to 31 March 2004 and subsequently allocated to additional
      paid-in capital on adoption of IFRS.
    


    3 The currency reserve is used to record cumulative translation differences on the assets and liabilities of foreign operations.
      These differences are recycled to the income statement on disposal of the foreign operation.
    


    4 The revaluation surplus derives from acquisitions of subsidiaries made before the Group’s adoption of IFRS 3 (Revised) on
      1 April 2010 and comprises the amounts arising from recognising the Group’s pre-existing equity interest in the acquired
      subsidiary at fair value.
    


    5 Includes fair value movements on equity instruments classified as Other investments (2026: €428 million net of tax; 2025:
      €116 million net of tax; 2024: €nil), together with the impact of the Group’s cash flow hedges, for which a €1,106 million net
      loss was deferred to other comprehensive income during the year (2025: €230 million net gain; 2024: €2,037 million net
      loss) and €1,337 million net loss (2025: €197 million net gain; 2024: €254 million net gain) was recycled to the consolidated
      income statement. These hedges primarily relate to foreign exchange exposure on fixed borrowings, with any foreign
      exchange on nominal balances directly impacting the income statements in each period but interest cash flows unwinding
      to the consolidated income statement over the life of the hedges, up to 2064. See note 22 ‘Capital and financial risk
      management’.
    


    6 Represents the irrevocable and non-discretionary share buyback programmes which completed on 6 August 2024,
      13 November 2024, 22 January 2025 and 19 May 2025.
    


    7 Represents the irrevocable and non-discretionary share buyback programmes which completed on 23 July 2025,
      10 November 2025, 4 February 2026 and the programme that commenced on 5 February 2026.

    
         Strategic report                        Governance                                   Financials                               Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         141


    Consolidated statement of cash flows                                                                                               1. Basis of preparation
    for the years ended 31 March
    




                                                                                                 2026          2025             2024
                                                                                   Note           €m             €m               €m   This section describes the critical accounting judgements and estimates that
        Inflow from operating activities                                             18     14,291        15,373        16,557         management has identified as having a potentially material impact on the Group’s
        Cash flows from investing activities                                                                                           consolidated financial statements and sets out our material accounting policies that
        Purchase of interests in subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                  27        (193)          (9)             –        relate to the consolidated financial statements as a whole. Where an accounting policy is
        Purchase of interests in associates and joint ventures                       12        (729)        (321)           (75)       generally applicable to a specific note to the consolidated financial statements, the policy
        Purchase of intangible assets                                                        (2,447)      (2,375)        (2,641)       is described within that note. We have also detailed below the new accounting
        Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                            (4,871)      (4,324)        (4,219)       pronouncements that we will adopt in future years and our current view of the impact
        Purchase of investments                                                              (1,060)      (3,499)        (1,233)       they will have on our financial reporting.
        Disposal of interests in subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                  27        (131)      11,221            (67)
        Disposal of interests in associates and joint ventures                                   20        3,021            500        The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with UK-adopted International
                                                                                                                                       Accounting Standards (‘IAS’), with International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’) as issued by the
        Disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets                         209            9             15        International Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’) and with the requirements of the Companies Act 2006
        Disposal of investments                                                               3,601          737          1,931        (the ‘Act’). The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis (see
        Dividends received from investments                                                     818          530            442        page 125).
        Interest received                                                                       545          556            542
                                                                                                                                       Vodafone Group Plc is incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales (registration number 1833679).
        Cash outflows from discontinued operations                                                –         (787)        (1,317)       The registered address of the Company is Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire,
        (Outflow)/inflow from investing activities                                           (4,238)       4,759         (6,122)       RG14 2FN, England.
        Cash flows from financing activities
                                                                                                                                       IFRS requires the Directors to adopt accounting policies that are the most appropriate to the Group’s
        Proceeds from issue of long-term borrowings                                          6,081         4,680          1,533        circumstances. These have been applied consistently to all the years presented, unless otherwise
        Repayment of borrowings                                                            (11,924)      (12,963)        (8,970)       stated. In determining and applying accounting policies, Directors and management are required to
        Net movement in short-term borrowings                                                 (502)           78         (1,636)       make judgements and estimates in respect of items where the choice of specific policy, accounting
        Net movement in derivative and other financial instruments                              73           404            144        judgement, estimate or assumption to be followed could materially affect the Group’s reported financial
        Interest paid                                                                       (2,257)       (2,705)        (2,227)       position, results or cash flows and disclosure of contingent assets or liabilities during the reporting
        Payments for settlement of written put options                                           –             –           (493)       period; it may later be determined that a different choice may have been more appropriate.
        Purchase of treasury shares                                                         (2,041)       (1,868)             –        The Group’s critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty are detailed
        Issue of ordinary share capital and reissue of treasury shares               17          2             3              3        below. Actual outcomes could differ from those estimates. The estimates and underlying assumptions
        Equity dividends paid                                                         9     (1,093)       (1,787)        (2,430)       are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in
        Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders in subsidiaries                        (245)         (249)          (260)       which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period; they are recognised in the period of
                                                                                                                                       the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.
        Other transactions with non-controlling shareholders in
        subsidiaries                                                                 27        100             8           (16)        Management regularly reviews, and revises as necessary, the accounting judgements that significantly
        Cash outflows from discontinued operations                                              –           (879)       (1,503)        impact the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements and the estimates that are
        Outflow from financing activities                                                  (11,806)      (15,278)      (15,855)        considered to be ‘critical estimates’ due to their potential to give rise to material adjustments in the
                                                                                                                                       Group’s consolidated financial statements in the year to 31 March 2027. As at 31 March 2026,
        Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                           (1,753)        4,854        (5,420)        management has identified critical judgements in respect of revenue recognition, lease accounting, the
        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the financial                                                                    recognition of deferred tax assets, the accounting for tax disputes, valuing assets and liabilities acquired
        year1                                                                        19     10,893         6,114        11,628         in business combinations, determining whether the Group controls an entity, whether to recognise
        Exchange loss on cash and cash equivalents                                            (227)          (75)          (94)        provisions or to disclose contingent liabilities, the identification of impairment indicators, the
        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the financial year1                  19      8,913        10,893         6,114         determination of whether assets are held for sale and the impacts of climate change. In addition,
    Note:
                                                                                                                                       management has identified critical accounting estimates in relation to the recovery of deferred tax
    
                                                                                                                                       assets, post employment benefits and impairment reviews; estimates have also been identified that are
    1. Comprises cash and cash equivalents as presented in the consolidated statement of financial position of €8,982 million
       (€11,001 million as at 31 March 2025), together with overdrafts of €69 million (€108 million as at 31 March 2025).
                                                                                                                                       not considered to be critical in respect of the allocation of revenue to goods and services, the useful
                                                                                                                                       economic lives of finite lived intangible assets and property, plant and equipment.
                                                                                                                                       
      142     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                   Governance                            Financials                             Other information



                                                                                                                    It is necessary to estimate the standalone price when the Group does not sell equivalent goods or
    1. Basis of preparation (continued)                                                                             services in similar circumstances on a standalone basis. When estimating the standalone price the
                                                                                                                    Group maximises the use of external inputs; methods for estimating standalone prices include
    The majority of the Group’s provisions are either long-term in nature (such as asset retirement                 determining the standalone price of similar goods and services sold by the Group, observing the
    obligations) or relate to shorter-term liabilities (such as those relating to restructuring and property)       standalone prices for similar goods and services when sold by third parties or using a cost-plus
    where there is not considered to be a significant risk of material adjustment in the next financial year.       reasonable margin approach (which is sometimes the case for devices and other equipment). Where it
    Critical judgements exercised relating to other contingent liabilities include the assessment of the            is not possible to reliably estimate standalone prices due to a lack of observable standalone sales or
    expected outcome of a tax dispute related to financing costs in the Netherlands (see note 29 ‘Contingent        highly variable pricing, which is sometimes the case for services, the standalone price of an obligation
    liabilities and legal proceedings’).                                                                            may be determined as the transaction price less the standalone prices of other obligations in the
                                                                                                                    contract. The standalone price determined for obligations materially impacts the allocation of revenue
    These critical accounting judgements, estimates and related disclosures have been discussed with the            between obligations and impacts the timing of revenue when obligations are provided to customers at
    Group’s Audit and Risk Committee.                                                                               different times – for example, the allocation of revenue between devices, which are usually delivered
                                                                                                                    up-front, and services which are typically delivered over the contract period. However, there is not
    Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty                                        considered to be a significant risk of material adjustment to the carrying value of contract-related assets
    Revenue recognition                                                                                             or liabilities in the 12 months after the balance sheet date if these estimates were revised.
    Revenue recognition under IFRS 15 necessitates the collation and processing of very large amounts of            Lease accounting
    data and the use of management judgements and estimates to produce financial information. The most
    significant accounting judgements and source of estimation uncertainty are disclosed below.                     Lease accounting under IFRS 16 is complex and necessitates the collation and processing of very large
                                                                                                                    amounts of data and the increased use of management judgements and estimates to produce financial
    Gross versus net presentation                                                                                   information. The most significant accounting judgements are disclosed below.
    If the Group has control of goods or services when they are delivered to a customer, then the Group is          Lease identification
    the principal in the sale to the customer; otherwise the Group is acting as an agent. Whether the Group
    is considered to be the principal or an agent in the transaction depends on analysis by management of           Whether the arrangement is considered a lease or a service contract depends on the analysis by
    both the legal form and substance of the agreement between the Group and its business partners; such            management of both the legal form and substance of the arrangement between the Group and the
    judgements impact the amount of reported revenue and operating expenses (see note 2 ‘Revenue                    counter party to determine if control of an identified asset has been passed between the parties; if not,
    disaggregation and segmental analysis’) but do not impact reported assets, liabilities or cash flows.           the arrangement is a service arrangement. Control exists if the Group obtains substantially all of the
    Scenarios requiring judgement to determine whether the Group is a principal or an agent primarily               economic benefit from the use of the asset, and has the ability to direct its use, for a period of time. An
    include those where the Group delivers third-party branded digital products like software or services           identified asset exists where an agreement explicitly or implicitly identifies an asset or a physically
    (such as premium music, TV content or cloud-based services) to customers and those where goods or               distinct portion of an asset which the lessor has no substantive right to substitute.
    services are delivered to customers in partnership with a third-party. The Group considers a range of           The scenarios requiring the greatest judgement include those where the arrangement is for the use of
    factors when assessing whether the Group is the principal; the Group generally has pricing discretion           fibre or other fixed telecommunication lines. Generally, where the Group has exclusive use of a physical
    but also considers that it must be the primary obligor or have inventory risk to be the principle in a supply   line it is determined that the Group can also direct the use of the line and therefore leases will be
    arrangement. The Group is the primary obligor when it is responsible to the customer for the quality of         recognised. Where the Group provides access to fibre or other fixed telecommunication lines to another
    goods and services provided and/or has the ability to substitute goods or providers’ content in service         operator on a wholesale basis the arrangement will generally be identified as a lease, whereas when the
    bundles. Inventory risk can be via the risk of economic loss for inventory held pre-transfer to the             Group provides fixed line services to an end-user, generally control over such lines is not passed to the
    customer or via minimum purchase commitments to the supplier for content and services.                          end-user and a lease is not identified.
    Allocation of revenue to goods and services provided to customers                                               Where the Group contracts with tower companies to utilise space on a tower for the placement of
    Revenue is recognised when goods and services are delivered to customers (see note 2 ‘Revenue                   transmission equipment for a period of time, the arrangement will generally be identified as a lease.
    disaggregation and segmental analysis’). Goods and services may be delivered to a customer at                   
    different times under the same contract, hence it is necessary to allocate the amount payable by the
    customer between goods and services on a ‘relative standalone selling price basis’; this requires the
    identification of performance obligations (‘obligations’) and the determination of standalone selling prices
    for the identified obligations. The determination of obligations is, for the primary goods and services sold
    by the Group, not considered to be a critical accounting judgement; the Group’s policy on identifying
    obligations is disclosed in note 2 ‘Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis’. The determination
    of standalone selling prices for identified obligations is discussed below.
         Strategic report                  Governance                             Financials                        Other information                            Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          143


                                                                                                                    – 5 years where the Group has leases for the use of space on towers for the placement of transmission
        1. Basis of preparation (continued)                                                                           equipment.

    The impact of determining whether an agreement is a lease or a service depends on whether the Group             In most instances the Group has options to renew or extend leases for additional periods after the end of
    is a potential lessee or lessor in the arrangement and, where the Group is a lessor, whether the                the lease term which are assessed using the criteria above.
    arrangement is classified as an operating or finance lease. The impacts for each scenario are described         Lease terms are reassessed if a significant event or change in circumstances occurs relating to the
    below where the Group is potentially:                                                                           leased assets that is within the control of the Group; such changes usually relate to commercial
    
                                                                                                                    agreements entered into by the Group, or business decisions made by the Group. Where such changes
    – A lessee. The judgement impacts the nature and timing of both costs and reported assets and                   change the Group’s assessment of whether it is reasonably certain to exercise options to extend, or not
      liabilities. A lease results in an asset and a liability being reported and depreciation and interest being   terminate leases, then the lease term is reassessed and the lease liability is remeasured, which in most
      recognised; the interest charge will decrease over the life of the lease. A service contract results in       cases will increase the lease liability.
      operating expenses being recognised evenly over the life of the contract and no assets or liabilities
      being recorded (other than trade payables, prepayments and accruals).                                         Taxation
    

    – An operating lessor. The judgement impacts the nature of income recognised. An operating lease                The Group’s tax charge on ordinary activities is the sum of the total current and deferred tax charges.
      results in lease income being recognised whilst a service contract results in service revenue. Both are       The calculation of the Group’s total tax charge involves estimation and judgement in respect of certain
      recognised evenly over the life of the contract.                                                              matters, being principally:
    

    – A finance lessor. The judgement impacts the nature and timing of both income and reported assets. A           Recognition of deferred tax assets
      finance lease results in the lease income being recognised at commencement of the lease and an
      asset (the net investment in the lease) being recorded.                                                       Significant items on which the Group has exercised accounting estimation and judgement include the
                                                                                                                    recognition of deferred tax assets in respect of losses in Luxembourg and Germany, and losses and
    Lease term                                                                                                      capital allowances in the United Kingdom. The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon whether
    Where leases include additional optional periods after an initial lease term, significant judgement is          management judge that it is probable that there will be sufficient and suitable taxable profits in the
    required in determining whether these optional periods should be included when determining the lease            relevant legal entity or tax group against which to utilise the assets in the future. The Group assesses
    term. The impact of this judgement is significantly greater where the Group is a lessee. As a lessee,           the availability of future taxable profits using the same undiscounted five year forecasts for the Group’s
    optional periods are included in the lease term if the Group is reasonably certain it will exercise an          operations as are used in the Group’s value in use calculations (see note 4 ‘Impairment losses’). For
    extension option or will not exercise a termination option; this depends on an analysis by management           Luxembourg, this includes forecasts of income from the Group’s internal financing, centralised
    of all relevant facts and circumstances including the leased asset’s nature and purpose, the economic           procurement and roaming activities, which require significant judgement. For the UK, this includes
    and practical potential for replacing the asset and any plans that the Group has in place for the future        forecasts of income for VodafoneThree and for the legacy tax group for financing, holding company,
    use of the asset. Where a leased asset is highly customised (either when initially provided or as a result      brand and Group service activities.
    of leasehold improvements) or it is impractical or uneconomic to replace then the Group is more likely to       Where tax losses are forecast to be recovered beyond the five-year period, the availability of taxable
    judge that lease extension options are reasonably certain to be exercised. The value of the right-of-use        profits is assessed using the cash flows and long-term growth rates used for the value in use
    asset and lease liability will be greater when extension options are included in the lease term. The            calculations.
    normal approach adopted for lease term by asset class is described below.
                                                                                                                    The estimated cash flows inherent in these forecasts include the unsystematic risks of operating in the
    At the inception of a lease, the lease term can vary significantly by type and use of asset and                 telecommunications business including the potential impacts of changes in the market structure, trends
    geography. In addition, the exact lease term is subject to the non-cancellable period and rights and            in customer pricing, the costs associated with the acquisition and retention of customers, future
    options in each contract. Generally, lease terms are judged to be the longer of the non-cancellable             technological evolutions and potential regulatory changes, such as our ability to acquire and/or renew
    term and, for leases that include optional extension periods:                                                   spectrum licences.
                                                                                                                   Changes in the estimates which underpin the Group’s forecasts could have an impact on the amount of
    – Between 5 and 10 years for land and buildings (excluding retail), with terms at the top end of this           future taxable profits and could therefore have a significant impact on the value of deferred tax assets
      range if the lease relates to assets that are considered to be difficult to exit sooner for economic,         recognised and the period over which deferred tax assets would be recovered.
      practical or reputational reasons;
    

    – The period to the next contractual lease break date for retail premises (excluding breaks within the          The Group only considers enacted or substantively enacted tax laws when assessing the amount and
      next 12 months);                                                                                              availability of tax losses to offset against the future taxable profits. See note 6 ‘Taxation’ to the
                                                                                                                   consolidated financial statements.
    – The lease term, or useful economic life, of the assets connected for leases that are used to provide
      internal connectivity;                                                                                        See additional commentary relating to climate change below.
                                                                                                                    
    

    – The customer service agreement length for leases of local loop connections or other assets required
      to provide fixed line or other services to individual customers; and
      144     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                   Governance                           Financials                            Other information



    1. Basis of preparation (continued)                                                                             Finite lived intangible assets
                                                                                                                    Other intangible assets include amounts spent by the Group acquiring licences and spectrum, customer
                                                                                                                    bases and the costs of purchasing and developing computer software.
    Uncertain tax positions
    The tax impact of a transaction or item can be uncertain until a conclusion is reached with the relevant        Where intangible assets are acquired through business combinations and no active market for the
    tax authority or through a legal process. The Group uses in-house tax experts when assessing uncertain          assets exists, the fair value of these assets is determined by discounting estimated future net cash flows
    tax positions and seeks the advice of external professional advisors where appropriate. The most                generated by the asset. Estimates relating to the future cash flows and discount rates used may have a
    significant judgements in this area relate to the Group’s tax dispute related to financing costs in the         material effect on the reported amounts of finite lived intangible assets.
    Netherlands. Further details of tax disputes are included in note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal          Estimation of useful life
    proceedings’ to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                    The useful life over which intangible assets are amortised depends on management’s estimate of the
    Business combinations and goodwill                                                                              period over which economic benefit will be derived from the asset. Useful lives are periodically reviewed
    When the Group completes a business combination, the fair values of the identifiable assets and                 to ensure that they remain appropriate. Management’s estimates of useful life have a material impact on
    liabilities acquired, including intangible assets, are recognised. The determination of the purchase            the amount of amortisation recorded in the year, but there is not considered to be a significant risk of
    consideration, fair values of acquired assets and liabilities is based, to a considerable extent, on            material adjustment to the carrying values of intangible assets in the year to 31 March 2027 if these
    management’s judgement. If the purchase consideration exceeds the fair value of the net assets                  estimates were revised. The basis for determining the useful life for the most significant categories of
    acquired then the incremental amount paid is recognised as goodwill. If the purchase price consideration        intangible assets are discussed below.
    is lower than the fair value of the assets acquired then the difference is recorded as a gain in the            Customer bases
    consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                                    The estimated useful life principally reflects management’s view of the average economic life of the
    Allocation of the purchase price between finite lived assets (discussed below) and indefinite lived assets      customer base and is assessed by reference to customer churn rates. An increase in churn rates may
    such as goodwill affects the subsequent results of the Group as finite lived intangible assets are              lead to a reduction in the estimated useful life and an increase in the amortisation charge.
    amortised, whereas indefinite lived intangible assets, including goodwill, are not amortised.
                                                                                                                    Capitalised software
    See note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
                                                                                                                    For computer software, the estimated useful life is based on management’s view, considering historical
    Control of subsidiaries                                                                                         experience with similar products as well as anticipation of future events which may impact their life such
    The Group controls an entity for accounting purposes, and consolidates it as a subsidiary, when it has          as changes in technology. The useful life will not exceed the duration of a licence.
    the current ability to make the ‘relevant decisions’ that affect the entity’s profitability and has exposure,
    through its shareholding, to the resulting profits or losses. Where minority shareholders have rights in an     Property, plant and equipment
    entity which do not allow participation in such decisions in the ordinary course of business then these         Property, plant and equipment represents 26.3% of the Group’s total assets (2025: 23.9%). Estimates
    are considered to be ‘protective rights’ that do not impair the Group’s control of the entity for accounting    and assumptions made may have a material impact on their carrying value and related depreciation
    purposes.                                                                                                       charge. See note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’ to the consolidated financial statements for further
                                                                                                                    details.
    Where call options or other rights potentially provide the Group with the opportunity to control an entity, a
    range of factors are assessed to determine whether these rights confer the current ability to make the          Estimation of useful life
    relevant decisions including whether it is economically favourable to obtain the rights and whether there       The depreciation charge for an asset is derived using estimates of its expected useful life and expected
    are legal barriers that prevent or delay the exercise of the rights.                                            residual value, which are reviewed annually. Management’s estimates of useful life have a material
    The Group has concluded that it controls VodafoneThree Holdings Limited (‘VTHL’) through its 51%                impact on the amount of depreciation recorded in the year, but there is not considered to be a significant
    shareholding and associated rights. In certain very limited circumstances, including the significant            risk of material adjustment to the carrying values of property, plant and equipment in the year to
    financial underperformance of VTHL, CK Hutchison Group Telecom Holdings Limited may acquire                     31 March 2027 if these estimates were revised.
    additional rights that might result in the Group’s loss of control of VTHL for accounting purposes. See         Management determines the useful lives and residual values for assets when they are acquired, based
    note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ to the consolidated financial statements for further details on the        on experience with similar assets and taking into account other relevant factors such as any expected
    acquisition.                                                                                                    changes in technology.
                                                                                                                    See additional commentary relating to climate change, below.
                                                                                                                    
         Strategic report                 Governance                             Financials                       Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026        145


                                                                                                                  hence reported assets and profit or loss. Further details, including a sensitivity analysis, are included in
        1. Basis of preparation (continued)                                                                       note 4 ‘Impairment losses’ to the consolidated financial statements.

    Post employment benefits                                                                                      Where the Group has interests in listed entities, market data, such as share price, is used to assess the
                                                                                                                  fair value of those interests. If the market capitalisation indicates that their carrying amounts may not be
    Management uses estimates when determining the Group’s liabilities and expenses arising for defined           recoverable, possible adjustments to the share price are reviewed and, where information is available, a
    benefit pension schemes. Management is required to estimate the future rates of inflation, salary             value in use calculation is performed to support a conclusion on impairment.
    increases, discount rates and longevity of members, each of which may have a material impact on the
    defined benefit obligations that are recorded. Further details, including a sensitivity analysis, are         For operations that are classified as held for sale, management is required to determine whether the
    included in note 25 ‘Post employment benefits’ to the consolidated financial statements.                      carrying value of the discontinued operation can be supported by the fair value less costs to sell. Where
                                                                                                                  not observable in a quoted market or via an agreed sale price, management has determined fair value
    Contingent liabilities                                                                                        less costs to sell by reference to the outcomes from the application of a number of potential valuation
    The Group exercises significant judgement to determine whether to recognise provisions and the                techniques, determined from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability,
    exposures to contingent liabilities related to pending litigations or other outstanding claims subject to     either directly or indirectly.
    negotiated settlement, mediation, arbitration or government regulation, as well as other contingent
    liabilities (see note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’ to the consolidated financial         Held for sale accounting
    statements). Judgement is necessary to assess the likelihood that a pending claim will succeed, or a          When the value of a non-current asset or a group of assets in a disposal group will be primarily
    liability will arise.                                                                                         recovered through a sale transaction and there is an active plan for the disposal such that it is highly
                                                                                                                  probable that the disposal will be completed within 12 months (subject to certain matters outside of the
    Impairment reviews                                                                                            Group’s control) then the related assets will be classified as held for sale and, where appropriate, as a
    IFRS requires management to perform impairment tests annually for indefinite lived assets (comprising         discontinued operation.
    goodwill). Impairment tests are also performed for indefinite and finite lived assets, and for equity
    accounted investments if events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may          Judgement is applied by management in determining if assets meet the requirements to be classified as
    not be recoverable.                                                                                           held for sale.
    Management is required to make significant judgements concerning the identification of potentially            Climate change
    impaired assets and the determination of recoverable amounts for its assets which are based on the            The potential climate change-related risks and opportunities to which the Group is exposed, as identified
    higher of their fair value less costs to sell and their value in use.                                         by management, are disclosed in the Group’s Climate-related risk reporting on pages 65 to 70.
                                                                                                                  Management has assessed the potential financial impacts relating to the identified risks, primarily
    Management considers a range of indicators when judging whether assets may be impaired including              considering the useful lives of, and retirement obligations for, property, plant and equipment, the
    recent and forecast business performance, external factors such as changes in the economic                    possibility of impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets and the recoverability of the Group’s
    environment, interest rates, and, where entities are listed, observable market data. Observable market        deferred tax assets. Management has exercised judgement in concluding that there are no further
    data on fair values for equivalent assets is often limited and, for a number of reasons, transaction values   material financial impacts of the Group’s climate-related risks and opportunities on the consolidated
    agreed as part of any business acquisition or disposal may be higher than the assessed value in use.          financial statements. These judgements will be kept under review by management as the future impacts
    The Group performs an annual impairment test which focuses on determining the recoverable amounts             of climate change depend on environmental, regulatory and other factors outside of the Group’s control
    for its assets based on value in use, being the present value of the future cash flows it expects to          which are not all currently known.
    generate from the continuing use of its assets or cash-generating units.                                      
    Calculating the net present value of the future cash flows requires estimates to be made in respect of
    highly uncertain matters including management’s expectations of:
    
    – Growth in Adjusted EBITDAaL, (see note 2 ‘Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis’ for a
      reconciliation to the consolidated income statement);
    
    – Timing and amount of future capital expenditure, licence and spectrum payments;
    
    – Long-term growth rates; and
    
    – Discount rates that reflect the future cash flows.
    Changing the assumptions selected by management, in particular projected Adjusted EBITDAaL, long-
    term growth rate and discount rate assumptions, could significantly affect the Group’s impairment
    evaluation and
         146   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                  Governance                                    Financials                                     Other information



                                                                                                                 The main impacts of the aforementioned adjustments for the Group’s Turkish and Ethiopian operations
        1. Basis of preparation (continued)                                                                      (in prior years only) on the consolidated financial statements are shown below.
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Increase/(decrease)
    Significant accounting policies applied in the current reporting period that relate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2026          2025       2024
    to the consolidated financial statements as a whole                                                                                                                                                               €m             €m         €m

    Accounting convention                                                                                            Impact on the consolidated income statement for the years
    The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a historical cost basis except for certain financial       ended 31 March
    and equity instruments that have been measured at fair value and for the application of IAS 29 ‘Financial        Revenue                                                                                       185           88           111
    Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’ for the Group’s entities reporting in Turkish lira and its             Operating (loss)/profit1                                                                     (338)        (287)           66
    associate’s reporting in Ethiopian birr (see below).                                                             Loss for the financial year1                                                                 (428)        (449)         (169)
    Basis of consolidation                                                                                       
    The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company, subsidiaries                                                                                                                  Increase
    controlled by the Company (see note 31 ‘Related undertakings’ to the consolidated financial                                                                                                                      2026          2025       2024
    statements), joint operations that are subject to joint control and the results of joint ventures and                                                                                                             €m             €m         €m
    associates (see note 12 ‘Associates and joint arrangements’ to the consolidated financial statements).           Impact on the consolidated statement of financial position at 31
                                                                                                                     March
    Hyperinflationary economies
                                                                                                                     Net assets                                                                                     895        1,029          981
    The Turkish economy was designated as hyperinflationary from 30 June 2022. The Ethiopian economy
    was designated as hyperinflationary from 31 December 2022 until 31 March 2025. The Group has                     Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                                    895          987          913
    applied IAS 29 ‘Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’ to its Turkish operations whose              Non-controlling interests                                                                        –           41           68
    functional currency is Turkish lira, from 1 April 2022, and to the Ethiopian operations, whose functional    Note:
    currency is Ethiopian Birr, from 1 April 2022 until 31 March 2025. Comparative amounts are not restated.     


                                                                                                                 1. Includes €77 million gain on the net monetary assets/liabilities (2025: €112 million gain; 2024: €360 million gain).
    In applying IAS 29 to the Group’s operations in Türkiye, the Turkish lira results and non-monetary asset
    and liability balances for relevant financial years have been revalued to their present value equivalent     Foreign currencies
    local currency amounts at the reporting date, based on the consumer price indexes issued by the              The consolidated financial statements are presented in euro, which is also the Company’s functional
    Turkish Statistical Institute. The Turkish index has risen by 30.9% (2025: 38.1%; 2024: 68.5%) during        currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the
    this financial year. The revalued balances are translated to euros at the reporting date exchange rate of    financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.
    €1: 51.25 TRL (2025: €1: 41.00 TRL; 2024: €1: 34.94 TRL) respectively applying IAS 21.
                                                                                                                 With the exception of the Group’s Turkish lira operations which are subject to hyperinflation accounting
    For the Group’s operations in Türkiye:                                                                       (see above), transactions in foreign currencies are initially recorded at the functional currency rate
                                                                                                                prevailing at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
    – The gain or loss on the revaluation of net monetary assets resulting from IAS 29 application is            currencies are retranslated into the respective functional currency of the entity at the rates prevailing on
      recognised in the consolidated income statement within Other (expense)/income.                             the reporting period date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign
    

    – The Group also presents the gain or loss on cash and cash equivalents as monetary items together           currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the valuation date. Non-monetary items measured
      with the effect of inflation on operating, investing and financing cash flows as one number in the         in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.
      consolidated statement of cash flows.                                                                      Share capital, share premium and other capital reserves are initially recorded at the functional currency
    

    – The Group has presented the equity revaluation effects and the impact of currency movements within         rate prevailing at the date of the transaction and are not retranslated.
      other comprehensive income as such amounts are judged to meet the definition of ‘exchange
                                                                                                                 For the purpose of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of entities with
      differences’.
                                                                                                                 a functional currency other than euro are expressed in euro using exchange rates prevailing at the
                                                                                                                 reporting period date.
                                                                                                                 
      Strategic report                     Governance                             Financials                       Other information                           Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026        147


    1. Basis of preparation (continued)                                                                            New accounting pronouncements adopted on 1 April 2025
                                                                                                                   The Group adopted the following new policy on 1 April 2025 to comply with amendments to IFRS:
                                                                                                                   
    Income and expense items and cash flows are translated at the average exchange rates for each month            – Amendments to IAS 21 ‘Lack of Exchangeability’.
    and exchange differences arising are recognised directly in other comprehensive income. On disposal of
    a foreign entity, the cumulative amount previously recognised in the consolidated statement of                 The amendment, which has been adopted by the UK Endorsement Board (‘UKEB’), did not have a
    comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss in the      material impact on the Group’s financial reporting.
    consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                                   New accounting pronouncements to be adopted on or after 1 April 2026
    Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as
                                                                                                                   The following amendments have been issued by the IASB and are effective on or after 1 January 2026.
    assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated accordingly.
                                                                                                                   These amendments have been endorsed by the UKEB.
                                                                                                                   
    The net foreign exchange gain recognised in the consolidated income statement for the year ended               – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 ‘Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
    31 March 2026 is €60 million (2025: €171 million loss; 2024: €272 million loss). The net gains and net           Instruments’;
    losses are recorded within operating profit (2026: €16 million charge; 2025: €146 million charge; 2024:        


    €110 million charge), financing costs (2026: €56 million credit; 2025: €1 million charge; 2024:                – Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 ‘Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity’; and
                                                                                                                   

    €173 million charge) and income tax expense (2026: €20 million credit; 2025: €24 million charge; 2024:         – Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards (Volume 11).
    €11 million credit).
                                                                                                                   The amendments are not currently expected to have a material impact on the Group’s financial reporting
    Current or non-current classification                                                                          on adoption. However, the IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 amendments relating to ‘Classification and Measurement
    Assets are classified as current in the consolidated statement of financial position where recovery is         of Financial Instruments’ and ‘Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity’ may result in
    expected within 12 months of the reporting date. All assets where recovery is expected more than 12            additional disclosures within the Group’s financial reporting.
    months from the reporting date and all deferred tax assets, goodwill and intangible assets, property,
    plant and equipment and investments in associates and joint ventures are reported as non-current.
                                                                                                                   New accounting pronouncements to be adopted on or after 1 April 2027
                                                                                                                   The following new standards and amendments have been issued by the IASB but have not yet been
    Liabilities are classified as current unless the Group has the substantive right at the reporting date to      endorsed by the UKEB except where noted:
    defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting date. For provisions, where the   
    timing of settlement is uncertain, amounts are classified as non-current where settlement is expected          – IFRS 18 ‘Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements’, which has been endorsed by the
    more than 12 months from the reporting date. In addition, deferred tax liabilities and post-employment           UKEB;
                                                                                                                   
    benefits are reported as non-current.
                                                                                                                   – IFRS 19 ‘Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures’, which has been endorsed by the
    Inventory                                                                                                        UKEB;
                                                                                                                   


    Inventory is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the basis of          – Amendments to IFRS 19 ‘Subsidiaries without Public Accountability Disclosures’; and
                                                                                                                   
    weighted average costs and comprises direct materials and, where applicable, direct labour costs and           – Amendments to IAS 21 ‘Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency’.
    those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and
    condition.                                                                                                     With the exception of IFRS 18, none of the newly issued standards or amendments are expected to
                                                                                                                   have a material impact on the Group’s financial reporting upon adoption. IFRS 18 is expected to have a
                                                                                                                   material impact on the Group’s financial reporting, particularly the Group’s consolidated income
                                                                                                                   statement and the presentation of certain performance measures; the Group is undertaking a detailed
                                                                                                                   assessment of the impacts.
                                                                                                                   
      148     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                   Governance                            Financials                            Other information



                                                                                                                   Revenue for device sales to end customers is generally recognised when the device is delivered to the
    2. Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis                                                               end customer. For device sales made to intermediaries such as indirect channel dealers, revenue is
                                                                                                                   recognised if control of the device has transferred to the intermediary and the intermediary has no right
    The Group’s businesses are managed on a geographical basis. Selected financial data                            to return the device to receive a refund; otherwise revenue recognition is deferred until sale of the device
    is presented on this basis below.                                                                              to an end customer by the intermediary or the expiry of any right of return.
                                                                                                                   Where refunds are issued to customers they are deducted from revenue in the relevant service period.
    Accounting policies
                                                                                                                   When the Group has control of goods or services prior to delivery to a customer, then the Group is the
    Revenue                                                                                                        principal in the sale to the customer. As a principal, receipts from, and payments to, suppliers are
    When the Group enters into an agreement with a customer, goods and services deliverable under the              reported on a gross basis in revenue and operating costs. If another party has control of goods or
    contract are identified as separate performance obligations (‘obligations’) to the extent that the customer    services prior to transfer to a customer, then the Group is acting as an agent for the other party and
    can benefit from the goods or services on their own and that the separate goods and services are               revenue in respect of the relevant obligations is recognised net of any related payments to the supplier
    considered distinct from other goods and services in the agreement. Where individual goods and                 and recognised revenue represents the margin earned by the Group. See ‘Critical accounting
    services do not meet the criteria to be identified as separate obligations they are aggregated with other      judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ for details.
    goods and/or services in the agreement until a separate obligation is identified. The obligations identified
    will depend on the nature of individual customer contracts, but might typically be separately identified for   Customers typically pay in advance for prepay mobile services and monthly for other communication
    mobile handsets, other equipment such as set-top boxes and routers provided to customers and                   services. Customers typically pay for handsets and other equipment either up-front at the time of sale or
    services provided to customers such as mobile and fixed line communication services. The Group’s               over the term of the related service agreement.
    digital services and Internet of Things (‘IoT’) customer offers typically include separate obligations for
                                                                                                                   When revenue recognised in respect of a customer contract exceeds amounts received or receivable
    communications services, as well as equipment and software or software as a service (‘SaaS’). Where
                                                                                                                   from a customer at that time a contract asset is recognised; contract assets will typically be recognised
    goods and services have a functional dependency (for example, a fixed line router can only be used with
                                                                                                                   for handsets or other equipment provided to customers where payment is recovered by the Group via
    the Group’s services) this does not, in isolation, prevent those goods or services from being assessed
                                                                                                                   future service fees. Once the amount receivable becomes conditional only on the passage of time, the
    as separate obligations. Activities relating to connecting customers to the Group’s network for the future
                                                                                                                   contract asset becomes a trade receivable (see note 14 ‘Trade and other receivables’). If amounts
    provision of services are not considered to meet the criteria to be recognised as obligations except to
                                                                                                                   received or receivable from a customer exceed revenue recognised for a contract, for example if the
    the extent that the control of related equipment passes to customers.
                                                                                                                   Group receives an advance payment from a customer, a contract liability is recognised.
    The Group determines the transaction price to which it expects to be entitled in return for providing the
                                                                                                                   When contract assets or liabilities are recognised, a financing component may exist in the contract; this
    promised obligations to the customer based on the committed contractual amounts, net of sales taxes
                                                                                                                   is typically the case when a handset or other equipment is provided to a customer up-front but payment
    and discounts. Where indirect channel dealers, such as retailers, acquire customer contracts on behalf
                                                                                                                   is received over the term of the related service agreement, in which case the customer is deemed to
    of the Group and receive commission, any commissions that the dealer is compelled to use to fund
                                                                                                                   have received financing. If a significant financing component is provided to the customer, the transaction
    discounts or other incentives to the customer are treated as payments to the customer when
                                                                                                                   price is reduced and interest revenue is recognised over the customer’s payment period using an
    determining the transaction price and consequently are not included in contract acquisition costs.
                                                                                                                   interest rate reflecting the relevant central bank rates and customer credit risk.
    The transaction price is allocated between the identified obligations according to the relative standalone
    selling prices of the obligations. The standalone selling price of each obligation deliverable in the          Contract-related costs
    contract is determined according to the prices that the Group would achieve by selling the same goods          When costs directly relating to a specific contract are incurred prior to recognising revenue for a related
    and/or services included in the obligation to a similar customer on a standalone basis; where standalone       obligation, and those costs enhance the ability of the Group to deliver an obligation and are expected to
    selling prices are not directly observable, estimation techniques are used maximising the use of external      be recovered, then those costs are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position as
    inputs. See ‘Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of     fulfilment costs and are recognised as expenses in line with the recognition of revenue when the related
    preparation’ for details. Revenue is recognised when the respective obligations in the contract are            obligation is delivered.
    delivered to the customer and cash collection is considered probable. Revenue for the provision of
    services, such as mobile airtime, fixed line broadband, other communications services and SaaS, is             The direct and incremental costs of acquiring a contract including, for example, certain commissions
    recognised when the Group provides the related service during the agreed service period.                       payable to staff or agents for acquiring customers on behalf of the Group, are recognised as contract
                                                                                                                   acquisition cost assets in the consolidated statement of financial position when the related payment
                                                                                                                   obligation is recorded. Costs are recognised as an expense in line with the recognition of the related
                                                                                                                   revenue that is expected to be earned by the Group; typically this is over the customer contract period
                                                                                                                   as new commissions are payable on contract renewal. Certain amounts payable to agents are deducted
                                                                                                                   from revenue recognised (see above).
                                                                                                                   
         Strategic report                        Governance                                   Financials                                Other information                                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 149


        2. Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis (continued)                                                                    Revenue disaggregation and segmental income statement analysis
                                                                                                                                        Revenue reported for the year includes revenue from contracts with customers, comprising service and
                                                                                                                                        equipment revenue, as well as other revenue items including revenue from leases and interest revenue
    Segmental analysis                                                                                                                  arising from transactions with a significant financing component.
    The Group’s operating segments are established on the basis of those components of the Group that
    are evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and                             The table below presents Revenue and Adjusted EBITDAaL for the years ended 31 March 2026 and
    in assessing performance. The Group has determined the chief operating decision maker to be its Chief                               31 March 2025.
    Executive. The Group has a single group of similar services and products, being the supply of                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Revenue from                                Total
    communications services and related products.                                                                                                                               Service    Equipment   contracts with      Other    Interest    segment     Adjusted
                                                                                                                                                                               revenue       revenue      customers     revenue1   revenue      revenue    EBITDAaL
    Revenue is attributed to a country based on the location of the Group company reporting the revenue.                                    31 March 2026                           €m            €m              €m         €m          €m          €m          €m
    Transactions between operating segments are charged at arm’s-length prices.                                                             Germany                          10,874            890        11,764          346          23      12,133       4,243
    The operating segments for Germany, UK, Türkiye and Africa are individually material for the Group and                                  UK                                7,597          1,486         9,083           43          66       9,192       1,881
    are each reporting segments for which certain financial information is provided. The aggregation of                                     Other Europe                      4,888            707         5,595           91          28       5,714       1,574
    smaller operating segments into the Other Europe reporting segment reflects, in the opinion of
    management, the similar local market economic characteristics and regulatory environments for each of                                   Türkiye                           2,826            526         3,352            8          71       3,431         983
    those operating segments as well as the similar products and services sold and comparable classes of                                    Africa                            6,653          1,157         7,810          522          33       8,365       2,834
    customers. The Other Europe reporting segment (Albania, Czech Republic, Greece, Ireland, Portugal                                       Common Functions2                   763             41           804        1,020           1       1,825        (164)
    and Romania) largely reflects countries with membership or a close association with the European                                        Eliminations                       (121)             –          (121)         (78)          –        (199)          –
    Union. Common Functions is a separate reporting segment and comprises activities which are
    undertaken primarily in central Group entities that do not meet the criteria for aggregation with other                                 Group                            33,480          4,807        38,287        1,952        222       40,461      11,351
    reporting segments.
                                                                                                                                        
    Adjusted EBITDAaL is the Group’s measure of segment profit. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDAaL,                                                                                                 Revenue from                                Total
    which excludes discontinued operations, to the Group’s profit or loss before taxation for the financial                                                                     Service    Equipment   contracts with      Other    Interest    segment     Adjusted
                                                                                                                                                                               revenue       revenue      customers     revenue1   revenue      revenue    EBITDAaL
    year is shown below.                                                                                                                    31 March 2025                           €m            €m              €m         €m          €m          €m          €m
    
                                                                                                2026           2025              2024       Germany                          10,876            942        11,818          345          17      12,180        4,384
                                                                                                 €m              €m                €m
                                                                                                                                            UK                                5,887          1,109         6,996           14          59       7,069        1,558
        Adjusted EBITDAaL                                                                   11,351        10,932         11,019             Other Europe                      4,805            761         5,566          108          20       5,694        1,510
        Restructuring costs1                                                                  (370)         (164)          (703)
                                                                                                                                            Türkiye                           2,484            595         3,079            7           –       3,086          842
        Interest on lease liabilities                                                          615           488            440
                                                                                                                                            Africa                            6,172          1,113         7,285          472          34       7,791        2,593
        Gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment and                           199           (25)           (34)
                                                                                                                                            Common Functions2                   663             57           720        1,097           –       1,817           45
        intangible assets
                                                                                                                                            Eliminations                       (129)             –          (129)         (60)          –        (189)           –
        Depreciation and amortisation on owned assets                                       (8,481)        (7,569)        (7,397)
        Share of results of equity accounted associates and joint ventures                    (382)          (123)           (96)           Group                            30,758          4,577        35,335        1,983        130       37,448      10,932
        Impairment (charge)/reversal                                                             –         (4,515)            64        Notes:
                                                                                                                                        


        Other (expense)/income                                                                 (88)           565            372        1. Other revenue includes lease revenue recognised under IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ (see note 20 ‘Leases’).
                                                                                                                                        



        Operating profit/(loss)                                                              2,844           (411)         3,665        2. Comprises corporate functions and shared operations.
                                                                                                                                        
        Investment income                                                                    1,395            864            581
        Financing costs                                                                     (2,375)        (1,931)        (2,626)
        Profit/(loss) before taxation                                                        1,864         (1,478)         1,620
    Note:
    


    1. Restructuring costs includes €299 million relating to depreciation on leased assets. See page 230 for more information.
         150    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         Strategic report                     Governance                                    Financials                                       Other information



        2. Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis (continued)                                                            Segmental assets
                                                                                                                                The tables below present the segmental assets at 31 March 2026, 31 March 2025 and 31 March 2024.
                                                                                                                                
    The table below presents Revenue and Adjusted EBITDAaL for the comparative year ended 31 March                                                                    Non-current        Capital      Right-of-use     Other additions Depreciation and   Impairment
    2024.                                                                                                                                                                assets1       additions2   asset additions intangible assets3     amortisation      charge4
                                                                                                                                   31 March 2026                             €m              €m                 €m                 €m               €m          €m
                                                               Revenue from                                 Total
                                                  Equipment    contracts with      Other    Interest     segment     Adjusted
                                                                                                                                    Germany                            36,746          2,496               953               175             4,556               –
                                      Service
                                     revenue        revenue       customers     revenue1   revenue       revenue    EBITDAaL        UK                                 13,953          1,549             1,113                38             3,274               –
        31 March 2024                     €m             €m               €m         €m          €m           €m          €m
                                                                                                                                    Other Europe                        7,451            892               702                47             1,531               –
        Germany                     11,453         1,132         12,585           357          15       12,957       5,017
                                                                                                                                    Türkiye                             2,781            540               219               514               795               –
        UK                           5,631         1,111          6,742            54          41        6,837       1,408
                                                                                                                                    Africa                              7,344          1,185               496               309             1,209               –
        Other Europe                 4,722           665          5,387           102          15        5,504       1,516
                                                                                                                                    Common Functions5                   2,195            838               362                 1             1,089               –
        Türkiye                      1,746           609          2,355             7           –        2,362         510
                                                                                                                                    Group                              70,470          7,500             3,845             1,084            12,454               –
        Africa                       5,951         1,030          6,981           409          30        7,420       2,539
                                                                                                                                
        Common Functions2              559            49            608         1,256           –        1,864          29                                            Non-current        Capital      Right-of-use     Other additions Depreciation and   Impairment
        Eliminations                  (150)           (1)          (151)          (76)          –         (227)          –                                               assets1       additions2   asset additions intangible assets3     amortisation      charge4
                                                                                                                                    31 March 2025                             €m              €m                 €m                 €m               €m          €m
        Group                       29,912         4,595         34,507         2,109         101       36,717      11,019
                                                                                                                                    Germany                            37,621          2,482             1,127                 –             4,536         4,350
    Notes:
                                                                                                                                   UK                                  7,904            926             2,157                48             1,908             –
    1. Other revenue includes lease revenue recognised under IFRS 16 ‘Leases’ (see note 20 ‘Leases’).
    
                                                                                                                                    Other Europe                        7,304            857               474                26             1,472           165
    2. Comprises corporate functions and shared operations.
                                                                                                                                    Türkiye                             2,059            447               187                 –               681             –
    The total future revenue from the remaining term of Group’s contracts with customers for performance                            Africa                              6,981          1,039               499               162             1,129             –
    obligations not yet delivered to those customers at 31 March 2026 is €17,622 million (2025:
    €17,297 million; 2024: €16,577 million); of which €11,469 million (2025: €10,812 million; 2024: €10,488                         Common Functions5                   2,281          1,142               212                 –             1,078             –
    million) is expected to be recognised within the next year and the majority of the remaining amount in                          Group                              64,150          6,893             4,656               236            10,804         4,515
    the following 12 months.                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                      Non-current        Capital      Right-of-use     Other additions Depreciation and   Impairment
                                                                                                                                                                         assets1       additions2   asset additions intangible assets3     amortisation     reversal4
                                                                                                                                    31 March 2024                             €m              €m                 €m                 €m               €m           €m

                                                                                                                                    Germany                            42,931          2,565             1,045                 –             4,543              –
                                                                                                                                    UK                                  6,863            878               957                 –             1,733              –
                                                                                                                                    Other Europe                        7,564            862               442                 –             1,447              –
                                                                                                                                    Türkiye                             1,644            320               160               120               537            (64)
                                                                                                                                    Africa                              6,377          1,005               296               163             1,184              –
                                                                                                                                    Common Functions5                   1,972            782               203                 –               970              –
                                                                                                                                    Group                              67,351          6,412             3,103               283            10,414            (64)
                                                                                                                                Notes:
                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                1. Comprises goodwill, other intangible assets and property, plant and equipment.
                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                2. Includes additions to: (i) property, plant and equipment (excluding right-of-use assets) and (ii) computer software,
                                                                                                                                   development costs and identifiable wavelengths, reported within Intangible assets.
                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                3. Includes additions to licences and spectrum and customer base acquisitions.
                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                4. See note 4 ‘Impairment losses’ for more information.
                                                                                                                                


                                                                                                                                5. Comprises corporate functions and shared operations.
                                                                                                                                
         Strategic report                       Governance                         Financials                       Other information                                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  151


        3. Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                  Auditor remuneration
                                                                                                                    The total remuneration of the Group’s auditor, Ernst & Young LLP and other member firms of Ernst &
                                                                                                                    Young Global Limited, for services provided to the Group during the year ended 31 March 2026 is
    Detailed below are the key amounts recognised in arriving at our operating                                      analysed below.
    profit/(loss)                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2026         2025        2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    €m            €m          €m
                                                                                      2026         2025      2024
                                                                                       €m            €m        €m       Parent company and consolidated financial statements                                        11            8            7
        Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 10)                                 4,090       3,695     3,515         Subsidiaries                                                                                23           19           19
        Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (Note 11):                                                        Total audit fees1                                                                           34           27           26
         Owned assets                                                               4,391       3,874     3,882
         Leased assets                                                              3,973       3,235     3,017         Audit-related assurance services2                                                             1            3          10
        Impairment charge/(reversal) (Note 4)                                           –       4,515       (64)        Other assurance services                                                                      1            –           –
        Staff costs (Note 24)                                                       5,474       5,236     5,498         Total non-audit fees                                                                          2            3          10
        Amounts related to inventory included in cost of sales                      4,915       4,514     4,659
        Own costs capitalised attributable to the construction or acquisition of                                        Total fees                                                                                  36           30           36
        property, plant and equipment                                              (1,395)      (1,254)   (1,188)   Notes:
                                                                                                                    

        Gain on the revaluation of net monetary assets resulting from IAS 29                                        1. Includes fees in connection with the interim review, preliminary announcement and controls audit required under Section 404
        application (Note 1)1                                                         (77)        (112)    (360)       of the Sarbanes Oxley Act. In total this amounted to €2 million (2025: €2 million, 2024: €1 million).
                                                                                                                    


        Shares pledged to Vodafone Idea Limited for settlement of the                                               2. Fees for special purpose audits and statutory and regulatory filings during the year. Fees for the year ended 31 March 2024
        Contingent Liability Adjustment Mechanism1                                   256            –          –       are higher than fees for the other years presented, primarily due to Reporting Accountant and audit services performed
                                                                                                                       during the year which were required in connection with the merger of Vodafone UK and Three UK and the disposal of
        Gain on disposal of Indus Towers Limited1                                      –          714          –       Vodafone Spain.
        Pledge arrangements in respect of Indus Towers Limited (Note 29)1              –         (214)         –
                                                                                                                    Fees payable to auditors other than Ernst & Young LLP for audits of certain subsidiaries for the year
    Note:                                                                                                           ended 31 March 2026 were €11 million (2025: €nil, 2024: €nil).
    


    1. Included in Other income in the consolidated income statement.                                               
      152      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                  Governance                          Financials                           Other information



                                                                                                                   Where there has been a change in the estimates used to determine recoverable amount and an
    4. Impairment losses                                                                                           impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is
                                                                                                                   increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, not to exceed the carrying amount that
    Impairment occurs when the carrying value of assets is greater than the present value of                       would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or cash-generating
    the net cash flows they are expected to generate. We review the carrying value of assets                       unit in prior years and an impairment loss reversal is recognised immediately in the consolidated income
                                                                                                                   statement.
    for each country in which we operate at least annually. For further details of our
    impairment review process see ‘Critical accounting judgements and key sources of                               Goodwill
    estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ to the consolidated financial                         The remaining carrying value of goodwill at 31 March was as follows:
                                                                                                                   
    statements.                                                                                                                                                                                             2026      2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                             €m         €m
    Accounting policies                                                                                                Germany                                                                          16,092     15,985
    Goodwill                                                                                                           UK                                                                                2,050        774
    Goodwill is not subject to amortisation but is tested for impairment annually or whenever there is an              Vodacom                                                                           1,601      1,593
    indication that the asset may be impaired.                                                                         Other                                                                             2,175      2,162
    For the purpose of impairment testing, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are                                                                                                  21,918     20,514
    separately identifiable cash flows, known as cash-generating units. The determination of the Group’s
                                                                                                                   
    cash-generating units is primarily based on the geographic area where the Group supplies
    communications services and products. If cash flows from assets within one jurisdiction are largely
    independent of the cash flows from other assets in that same jurisdiction and management monitors
    performance separately, multiple cash-generating units are identified within that geographic area.
    If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than the carrying amount of the unit, the
    impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and
    then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit.
    Impairment losses recognised for goodwill are not reversible in subsequent periods.
    The recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value
    in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount
    rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
    asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
    Management prepares formal five-year plans for the Group’s cash-generating units, which are the basis
    for the value in use calculations.
    Property, plant and equipment, finite-lived intangible assets and equity-accounted
    investments
    At each reporting period date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
    equipment, finite lived intangible assets and equity-accounted investments to determine whether there is
    any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
    recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent, if any, of the impairment
    loss. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group
    estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
    If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying
    amount, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount
    and an impairment loss is recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement.
         Strategic report                    Governance                           Financials                        Other information                               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026     153


        4. Impairment losses (continued)                                                                            
                                                                                                                    
    Key assumptions used in the value in use calculations
    The key assumptions used in determining the value in use are:                                                   
                                                                                                                    
    

        Assumption          How determined                                                                          



        Projected           Projected adjusted EBITDAaL has been based on experience adjusted for the                   Assumption         How determined
        adjusted            following:                                                                                  Long-term growth For the purposes of the Group’s value in use calculations, a long-term growth rate
        EBITDAaL             – In Germany, competitive pressure on mobile revenue is expected to continue               rate             into perpetuity is applied immediately at the end of the five-year forecast period and
                                despite wholesale revenue growth and the transition of customers to more                                 is based on the lower of:
                                valuable plans with higher data allowances and improved value-added services.                             – The nominal GDP growth rate forecasts for the country of operation; and
                                Fixed revenue is impacted by the structural decline seen in the TV segment,
                                whilst broadband revenue is expected to improve as customers move to higher                               – The long-term compound annual growth rate in adjusted EBITDAaL as
                                speeds (including Fibre) and increase their usage of growing digital services;                              estimated by management.
                             – In Europe, mobile revenue is expected to benefit from increased usage as                                  Long-term compound annual growth rates determined by management may be
                                customers transition to higher data bundles, and new consumer and business                               lower than forecast nominal GDP growth rates due to the following market-specific
                                products and services are introduced. Fixed revenue is forecast to grow as                               factors: competitive intensity levels, maturity of business, regulatory environment or
                                penetration is increased and more products and services are sold to customers;                           sector-specific inflation expectations.
                             – Outside of Europe, revenue is expected to continue to grow as the penetration
                                of faster data-enabled devices rises along with higher data bundle attachment
                                rates, and new products and services are introduced; and                                Pre-tax discount   The pre-tax discount rate for each cash-generating unit is derived such that when
                                                                                                                        rate               applied to pre-tax cash flows it gives the same result as when the observable
                             – Margins are expected to be impacted by negative factors such as the cost of                                 post-tax weighted average cost of capital is applied to post-tax cash flows.
                                acquiring and retaining customers in increasingly competitive markets and by
                                positive factors such as the efficiencies expected from the implementation of                              The assumptions used to develop discount rates for each cash-generating unit are
                                Group initiatives.                                                                                         benchmarked to externally available data.
                                                                                                                                           – The risk-free rate is derived from an average yield of a ten-year bond issued by
                                                                                                                                             the government in each cash-generating unit’s respective country of operations;
        Projected capital   The cash flow forecasts for capital expenditure are based on experience and include                            – The forward-looking equity market risk premium (an investor’s required rate of
        expenditure         the ongoing capital expenditure required to maintain our networks, provide products                              return over and above a risk-free rate) is based on studies by independent
                            and services in line with customer expectations, including of higher data volumes                                economists, the long-term average equity market risk premium and the market
                            and speeds, and to meet the population coverage requirements of certain of the                                   risk premiums typically used by valuation practitioners;
                            Group’s licences. In Europe, capital expenditure is required to roll out capacity-                             – The asset beta reflecting the systematic risk of the telecommunications
                            building next generation 5G and gigabit networks. Outside of Europe, capital                                     segment relative to the market is determined from betas observed for
                            expenditure will be required for the continued rollout of current and next generation                            comparable listed telecommunications companies; and
                            mobile networks in emerging markets. Capital expenditure includes cash outflows                                – The region-specific leverage ratios are estimated from ratios observed for
                            for the purchase of owned property, plant and equipment and computer software.                                   comparable listed telecommunications companies.
                                                                                                                                           Each cash-generating unit’s discount rate is determined in nominal terms to match
        Projected licence To enable the continued provision of products and services, the cash flow forecasts                              their nominal estimates of future cash flows.
        and spectrum      for licence and spectrum payments for each relevant cash-generating unit include                                 Changes in risk-free rates have increased and decreased the cash-generating unit
        payments          amounts for expected renewals and newly available spectrum. Beyond the five-year                                 discount rates in the current year.
                          forecast period, a long-run cost of spectrum is assumed.

                                                                                                                    
         154    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                             Strategic report                            Governance                                  Financials                                  Other information



                                                                                                                                           For the Group’s operations in Germany management has prepared the following sensitivity analysis to
        4. Impairment losses (continued)                                                                                                   the base case recoverable amount less carrying value for changes in pre-tax discount rate and projected
                                                                                                                                           adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1 assumptions. The associated impact of the change in each key assumption
    The Group performs its annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at                                   does not consider any consequential impact on other assumptions used in the impairment review.
                                                                                                                                           
    31 March and when there is an indicator of impairment of an asset. Judgement is exercised by                                                                                                                                     Recoverable amount less carrying value
    management in determining whether any internal or external sources of information observed are                                                                                                                                                                Germany
    indicative that the carrying amount of any of the Group’s cash generating units is not recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                €bn

                                                                                                                                               Base case                                                                                                             0.3
    Year ended 31 March 2026
                                                                                                                                               Change in pre-tax discount rate
    The Group did not recognise any impairments for the year ended 31 March 2026.
                                                                                                                                               Decrease by 0.5pps                                                                                                    3.2
    Value in use assumptions                                                                                                                   Increase by 0.5pps                                                                                                   (2.2)
    The table below shows key assumptions used in the value in use calculations, and separately presented                                      Change in projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1
    cash generating units for which the carrying amount of goodwill is significant in comparison with the
                                                                                                                                               Decrease by 2.0pps                                                                                                   (3.1)
    Group’s total carrying amount of goodwill:
                                                                                                                                              Increase by 2.0pps                                                                                                    4.0
                                                                                           Assumptions used in value in use calculations
                                                                                                          Germany                     UK   Note:
                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                  %                    %   1. Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR is expressed as the compound annual growth rates in the initial five years for all cash-
        Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                7.5                9.1           generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.

        Long-term growth rate                                                                                1.2                2.0        
        Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1                                                                    1.9                7.7
        Projected capital expenditure2                                                               19.5 - 20.3        10.9 - 16.3

    Sensitivity analysis
    The recoverable amount estimates for Germany and the UK exceed carrying value by €0.3 billion and
    €2.2 billion respectively. If the assumptions used in the impairment review were changed to a greater
    extent than as presented in the following table, the changes would, in isolation, lead to an impairment
    loss being recognised for the year ended 31 March 2026.
    
                                                                          Change required for carrying value to equal recoverable amount
                                                                                                             Germany                 UK
                                                                                                                   pps              pps

        Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                   0.1              2.6
        Long-term growth rate                                                                                  (0.0)            (2.8)
        Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1                                                                      (0.2)            (5.6)
        Projected capital expenditure2                                                                          0.5             10.3
    Notes:
    


    1. Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR is expressed as the compound annual growth rates in the initial five years for all cash-
       generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
    


    2. Projected capital expenditure, which excludes licences and spectrum, is expressed as capital expenditure as a percentage
       of revenue in the initial five years for all cash-generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
         Strategic report                       Governance                                    Financials                                  Other information                                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                    155


                                                                                                                                          For the Group’s operations in Germany and Romania management has prepared the following
        4. Impairment losses (continued)                                                                                                  sensitivity analysis to the base case recoverable amount less carrying value for changes in pre-tax
                                                                                                                                          discount rate and projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1 assumptions. The associated impact of the
    Year ended 31 March 2025                                                                                                              change in each key assumption does not consider any consequential impact on other assumptions used
                                                                                                                                          in the impairment review.
    The disclosures below for the year ended 31 March 2025 are as previously disclosed in the Annual                                      
    Report for the year ended 31 March 2025.                                                                                                                                                                                        Recoverable amount less carrying value
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Germany        Romania
    For the year ended 31 March 2025, the Group recorded impairment charges of €4.4 billion and                                                                                                                                                         €bn           €bn
    €0.2 billion with respect to the Group’s investments in Germany and Romania respectively. The                                             Base case (prior to impairment charge recognition)                                                      (4.4)        (0.2)
    impairment charges relate solely to goodwill and are recognised in the consolidated income statement                                      Change in pre-tax discount rate
    within operating loss.
                                                                                                                                              Decrease by 0.5pps                                                                                      (1.7)        (0.1)
    The goodwill impairment charges reflect management’s latest assessment of likely trading and                                              Increase by 0.5pps                                                                                      (6.6)        (0.2)
    economic conditions, including the drivers of the reduction in Germany EBITDAaL from the year ended                                       Change in projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1
    31 March 2024 to the year ended 31 March 2025, in the five-year business plan. The carrying values of                                     Decrease by 2.0pps                                                                                      (7.6)        (0.2)
    Germany and Romania have been reduced to their value in use estimates of €30.9 billion and
                                                                                                                                              Increase by 2.0pps                                                                                      (0.8)        (0.1)
    €0.6 billion respectively.
                                                                                                                                          Note:
                                                                                                                                          

    Value in use assumptions                                                                                                              1. Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR is expressed as the compound annual growth rates in the initial five years for all cash-
    The table below shows key assumptions used in the value in use calculations of Germany and Romania:                                      generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                         Assumptions used in value in use calculations
                                                                                                         Germany             Romania
                                                                                                                 %                  %

        Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                 7.8              11.0
        Long-term growth rate                                                                                 1.2                2.5
        Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1                                                                     1.3                1.5
        Projected capital expenditure2                                                                17.6 - 20.7         9.2 - 11.0

    Sensitivity analysis
    The recoverable amount estimate of the UK exceeds carrying value by €1.0 billion. If the assumptions
    used in the impairment review were changed to a greater extent than as presented in the following table,
    the changes would, in isolation, lead to an impairment loss being recognised for the year ended
    31 March 2025.
    
                                                                         Change required for carrying value to equal recoverable amount
                                                                                                                                    UK
                                                                                                                                    pps

        Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                                    1.5
        Long-term growth rate                                                                                                   (1.4)
        Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1                                                                                       (2.0)
        Projected capital expenditure2                                                                                           3.3
    Notes:
    


    1. Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR is expressed as the compound annual growth rates in the initial five years for all cash-
       generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
    


    2. Projected capital expenditure, which excludes licences and spectrum, is expressed as capital expenditure as a percentage
       of revenue in the initial five years for all cash-generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
         156    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                             Strategic report                            Governance   Financials   Other information



        4. Impairment losses (continued)
                                                                                                                                           
    Year ended 31 March 2024
    The disclosures below for the year ended 31 March 2024 are as previously disclosed in the Annual
    Report for the year ended 31 March 2024.
    Indus Towers Limited
    Management determined the recoverable amount of the Group’s investment in Indus Towers on a fair
    value less costs to sell basis. Indus Towers’ share price was observable in a quoted market and was
    considered a level 1 input under the fair value hierarchy in IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value Measurement’. The share
    price of INR291.15 per share implied a recoverable amount of INR165 billion (€1.8 billion), which
    exceeded the carrying value of the Group’s investment at the same date. The increase in recoverable
    amount supported the reversal of the prior year impairment of €64 million.
    Value in use assumptions
    The table below shows key assumptions used in the value in use calculation for Germany as its carrying
    amount of goodwill is significant in comparison with the Group’s total carrying amount of goodwill.
    
                                                                                           Assumptions used in value in use calculations
                                                                                                                              Germany
                                                                                                                                      %

        Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                                    8.3
        Long-term growth rate                                                                                                    1.0
        Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1                                                                                        2.4
        Projected capital expenditure2                                                                                   17.4 - 19.9

    Sensitivity analysis
    The estimated recoverable amounts of the Group’s operations in Germany and the UK exceeded their
    carrying values by €2.3 billion and €1.6 billion respectively. If the assumptions used in the impairment
    review were changed to a greater extent than as presented in the following table, the changes would, in
    isolation, have led to an impairment loss being recognised for the year ended 31 March 2024.
    
                                                                          Change required for carrying value to equal recoverable amount
                                                                                                                  Germany            UK
                                                                                                                        pps          pps

        Pre-tax discount rate                                                                                       0.5           2.2
        Long-term growth rate                                                                                      (0.4)         (2.1)
        Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR1                                                                          (1.2)         (2.9)
        Projected capital expenditure2                                                                              3.9           4.9
    Notes:
    


    1. Projected adjusted EBITDAaL CAGR is expressed as the compound annual growth rates in the initial five years for all cash-
       generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
    


    2. Projected capital expenditure, which excludes licences and spectrum, is expressed as capital expenditure as a percentage
       of revenue in the initial five years for all cash-generating units of the plans used for impairment testing.
         Strategic report                         Governance                                      Financials                         Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         157


        5. Investment income and financing costs                                                                                     6. Taxation

    Investment income comprises interest received from investments and other receivables.                                            This note explains how our Group tax charge arises. The deferred tax section of the note
    Financing costs mainly arise from interest due on bonds and commercial paper issued,                                             also provides information on our expected future tax charges and sets out the tax assets
    bank loans and the results of hedging transactions used to manage foreign exchange                                               held across the Group together with our view on whether or not the Group expects to be
    and interest rate movements.                                                                                                     able to make use of these in the future.
    
                                                                                                     2026        2025         2024   Accounting policies
                                                                                                      €m           €m           €m
                                                                                                                                     Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred taxes.
        Investment and other income
        Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                                1,200        355          327     Current tax payable or recoverable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from
                                                                                                                                     profit as reported in the consolidated income statement because some items of income or expense are
        Financial assets measured at fair value through profit and loss                              195        509          254     taxable or deductible in different years or may never be taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for
                                                                                                   1,395        864          581     current tax is calculated using tax rates and laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
        Financing costs                                                                                                              the reporting period date.
        Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                                                             The Group recognises provisions for uncertain tax positions when the Group has a present obligation as
           Bonds                                                                                   1,418       1,301       1,596     a result of a past event and management judge that it is probable that there will be a future outflow of
                                                                                                                                     economic benefits from the Group to settle the obligation. Uncertain tax positions are assessed and
           Lease liabilities                                                                         615         488         440
                                                                                                                                     measured on an issue-by-issue basis within the jurisdictions that the Group operates either using
           Bank loans and other liabilities1                                                         416         499         712     management’s estimate of the most likely outcome where the issues are binary, or the expected value
        Interest on derivative and other financial instruments                                      (235)       (356)       (395)    approach where the issues have a range of possible outcomes. The Group recognises interest on late
        Mark-to-market on derivatives                                                                217          (2)        100     paid taxes as part of financing costs, and, if applicable, classifies tax penalties as part of the income tax
                                                                                                                                     expense if the penalties are based on profits.
        Foreign exchange                                                                             (56)          1         173
                                                                                                   2,375       1,931       2,626     Deferred tax is the tax expected to be payable or recoverable in the future arising from temporary
                                                                                                                                     differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the
        Net financing costs2                                                                         980       1,067       2,045     corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. It is accounted for using the
    Notes:
    
                                                                                                                                     statement of financial position liability method. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all
    1. Interest capitalised for the year ended 31 March 2026 was €nil (2025: €nil, 2024: €nil).                                      taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
    


    2. Includes €771 million gain (2025: €253 million gain) resulting from redemption of certain bonds that were bought back in      that taxable temporary differences or taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary
       advance of their maturity dates.                                                                                              differences can be utilised.
                                                                                                                                     Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
                                                                                                                                     recognition of assets and liabilities (other than in a business combination), when the transaction affects
                                                                                                                                     neither the accounting profit nor the taxable profit and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
                                                                                                                                     temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are also not recognised to the extent they arise from the
                                                                                                                                     initial recognition of goodwill that is not deductible for tax.
                                                                                                                                     Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in
                                                                                                                                     subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint arrangements, except where the Group is able to
                                                                                                                                     control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not
                                                                                                                                     reverse in the foreseeable future.
                                                                                                                                     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting period date and adjusted to
                                                                                                                                     reflect changes in the Group’s assessment that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all the
                                                                                                                                     recognised asset to be recovered.
                                                                                                                                     
         158     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                       Governance                                    Financials                                     Other information



        6. Taxation (continued)                                                                                                   Factors affecting the tax expense in the year
                                                                                                                                  The table below explains the differences between the expected tax expense, being the aggregate of the
                                                                                                                                  Group’s geographical split of profits multiplied by the relevant local tax rates and the Group’s total tax
    Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the periods when the liability is
                                                                                                                                  expense for each year.
    settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the                      
    reporting period date. The Group does not discount deferred tax balances.                                                                                                                                                       2026          2025         2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     €m             €m           €m
    Tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets                     Continuing profit/(loss) before tax as shown in the consolidated
    against current tax liabilities and when they either relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation                           income statement                                                                          1,864        (1,478)        1,620
    authority on either the same taxable entity or on different taxable entities which intend to settle the
                                                                                                                                      Profit/(loss) at weighted average statutory tax rate                                        439          (729)          363
    current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
                                                                                                                                      Impairment loss with no tax effect1                                                           –         1,361             –
    Tax is charged or credited to the income statement, except when it relates to items charged or credited                           Disposal of Group investments2                                                               85           146           174
    to other comprehensive income or directly to equity, in which case the tax is recognised in other                                 Effect of taxation of associates and joint ventures, reported within
    comprehensive income or in equity.                                                                                                (loss)/profit before tax                                                                    105             28            23
    
                                                                                               2026           2025         2024       Previously unrecognised temporary differences and losses expected
        Income tax expense                                                                      €m              €m           €m       to be used in the future3                                                                      –             –       (1,021)
        United Kingdom corporation tax expense:                                                                                       Previously recognised temporary differences and losses no longer
        Current year                                                                           39             59           70         expected to be used in the future4                                                          358             25             –
        Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                   6             (8)           1         Current year temporary differences (including losses) that are not
                                                                                                                                      expected to be used                                                                           60           33            84
                                                                                               45             51           71
                                                                                                                                      Adjustments in respect of prior year tax liabilities                                          37         (108)           89
        Overseas current tax expense/(credit):
                                                                                                                                      Impact of tax credits and irrecoverable taxes                                                 97          108           147
        Current year                                                                          930          997         670
                                                                                                                                      Deferred tax on unremitted earnings and outside basis                                        (40)          27             1
        Adjustments in respect of prior years                                                  (4)         (68)         25
                                                                                                                                      Effect of current year changes in statutory tax rates on deferred tax
                                                                                              926          929         695            balances5                                                                                   305           721            (19)
        Total current tax expense                                                             971          980         766
        Deferred tax on origination and reversal of temporary differences:                                                            Settlement of the VISPL tax cases                                                             –           185             –
        United Kingdom deferred tax                                                          280          (91)         (36)           Financing costs and similar not deductible for tax purposes                                 105           137           214
        Overseas deferred tax                                                                554        1,357         (680)           Revaluation of assets for tax purposes in Türkiye6                                           87           128           (65)
        Total deferred tax expense/(credit)                                                  834        1,266         (716)           Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                    167           184            60
        Total income tax expense                                                           1,805        2,246           50            Income tax expense                                                                        1,805         2,246            50
                                                                                                                                  Notes:
                                                                                                                                  


    Tax charged/(credited) directly to other comprehensive income                                                                 1. The amount in 2025 includes impairment charges of €4,350 million and €165 million with respect to the Group’s investments
                                                                                                                                    in Germany and Romania respectively, which are permanently non-deductible for tax purposes.
                                                                                               2026        2025            2024   



                                                                                                €m           €m              €m   2. The amount for 2026 includes €38 million of tax in relation to the €256 million non-deductible liability to settle the CLAM (See
                                                                                                                                     Note 29 – Contingent Liabilities). The amount for 2025 includes €164 million of tax in relation to the 10.33% disposal of
        Current tax                                                                            19             (1)        2           Vantage Towers, offset by a €109 million credit in relation to the non-taxable disposal of Indus Towers reduced by €56 million
        Deferred tax1                                                                         393             49      (579)          non-deductible settlement of MSA obligations that resulted in the release of the secondary pledge. The amount for 2024
                                                                                                                                     includes €110 million of tax in relation to income of the continuing Group presented in Discontinued Operations, €37 million
        Total tax charged/(credited) directly to other comprehensive                                                                 in relation to the disposal of M-Pesa Holding Company Limited and €30 million in relation to the Vantage Towers disposal.
        income                                                                                412             48      (577)       


                                                                                                                                  3. The amount in 2024 includes €1,019 million of additional losses recognised in Luxembourg.
                                                                                                                                  



    Tax charged directly to equity                                                                                                4. The amount in 2026 relates to the €358 million write-down of deferred tax assets in the Group UK tax group, reflecting an
                                                                                                                                    update to the Group’s assessment of the recoverability of those assets (see Deferred tax note below).
                                                                                              2026        2025             2024   



                                                                                               €m           €m               €m   5. The amount for 2026 includes €305 million in relation to the phased corporate income tax rate reduction from 2027 to 2032
                                                                                                                                     in Germany. The amount for 2025 includes €719 million in relation to a 1% corporate income tax rate reduction in
        Current tax                                                                             5             4              –       Luxembourg.
                                                                                                                                  

        Deferred tax                                                                          (17)            3              4    6. The amounts for 2026, 2025 and 2024 relate to inflation adjustments in Türkiye.
        Total tax charged directly to equity                                                  (12)            7              4    
    


    Note:
    


    1. The amount in 2026 primarily derives from gains on our investment in AST SpaceMobile, Inc and on cashflow hedges.
         Strategic report                    Governance                                   Financials                                  Other information                               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                   159


                                                                                                                                      At 31 March 2025, deferred tax assets and liabilities, before offset of balances within countries, were as
        6. Taxation (continued)                                                                                                       follows:
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                            Amount                                                           Net
    Deferred tax                                                                                                                                                                           credited/                                                recognised
                                                                                                                                                                                        (expensed)        Gross          Gross             Less    deferred tax
    The table below is an analysis of movements in the net deferred tax asset balance during the year.                                                                                    in income     deferred   deferred tax         amounts           asset/
                                                                                                                                                                                        statement     tax asset        liability   unrecognised       (liability)
                                                                                                             2026           2025                                                                 €m          €m             €m                €m              €m
                                                                                                              €m              €m
                                                                                                                                          Tangible assets                                    (6)        2,831       (1,133)                –         1,698
        1 April                                                                                         18,235       19,478
                                                                                                                                          Intangible assets                                 133           266       (1,036)               (3)         (773)
        Foreign exchange movements                                                                         (82)          95               Tax losses                                     (1,256)       31,367            –           (13,843)       17,524
        Charged to the income statement                                                                   (834)      (1,266)              Treasury related items                            (43)          583         (214)             (568)         (199)
        Charged directly to OCI                                                                           (393)         (49)              Temporary differences relating to revenue
        Credited / (charged) directly to equity                                                             17           (3)              recognition                                       (28)           83         (789)                –          (706)
        Indexation of the opening balance in respect of hyperinflation in Türkiye                           (9)         (18)              Temporary differences relating to leases          (28)        1,537       (1,340)                –           197
        Arising on acquisitions and disposals                                                               91           (2)              Other temporary differences                       (38)          716         (209)              (13)          494
                                                                                                                                          31 March 2025                                  (1,266)       37,383       (4,721)          (14,427)       18,235
        31 March                                                                                        17,025       18,235

    Deferred tax assets and liabilities, before offset of balances within countries, are as follows:                                  At 31 March 2025, analysed in the balance sheet, after offset of balances within countries, as:
                                                                                                                                      
    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             €m
                                                           Amount                                                             Net
                                                          credited/                                                  recognised           Deferred tax asset                                                                                        19,033
                                                       (expensed)        Gross           Gross             Less     deferred tax
                                                         in income     deferred   deferred tax         amounts             asset/         Deferred tax liability                                                                                      (798)
                                                         statement    tax asset        liability   unrecognised         (liability)
                                                                €m          €m              €m               €m                €m         31 March 2025                                                                                             18,235
        Tangible assets                                     20         3,574       (1,419)             (408)          1,747
        Intangible assets                                 (655)          457       (1,097)                –            (640)          Factors affecting the tax charge in future years
        Tax losses                                        (137)       30,081            –           (13,302)         16,779           The Group’s future tax charge, and effective tax rate, could be affected by several factors including tax
        Treasury related items                              27           525         (575)             (510)           (560)          reform in countries around the world, including changes arising from the OECD’s or European
        Temporary differences relating to revenue                                                                                     Commission’s work on Pillar Two global minimum tax and the taxation of the digital economy, changes
        recognition                                        116            74         (664)                –            (590)          arising from European Commission initiatives such as Business in Europe: Framework for Income
        Temporary differences relating to leases            10         1,678       (1,473)                –             205           Taxation ‘BEFIT’ or as a consequence of state aid investigations. The mix of countries in which the
                                                                                                                                      Group earn profits, statutory tax rates, future corporate acquisitions and disposals, any restructuring of
        Other temporary differences                       (215)          589         (505)                –              84           our businesses and the resolution of open tax issues or uncertain tax positions (see below) could also
        31 March 2026                                     (834)       36,978       (5,733)          (14,220)         17,025           affect the tax charge in future years.

    Analysed in the balance sheet, after offset of balances within countries, as:                                                     The Group is routinely subject to audit by tax authorities in the territories in which it operates. The Group
                                                                                                                                     considers each issue on its merits and, where appropriate, holds provisions in respect of the potential
                                                                                                                              €m      tax liability that may arise. As at 31 March 2026, the Group holds provisions for such potential liabilities
        Deferred tax asset                                                                                           18,068           of €312 million (2025: €314 million). These provisions relate to multiple issues across the jurisdictions in
                                                                                                                                      which the Group operates.
        Deferred tax liability                                                                                       (1,043)
        31 March 2026                                                                                                17,025           As the tax impact of a transaction can be uncertain until a conclusion is reached with the relevant tax
                                                                                                                                      authority or through a legal process, the amount ultimately paid may differ materially from the amount
                                                                                                                                      accrued and could therefore affect the Group’s overall profitability and cash flows in future periods. See
                                                                                                                                      note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’ to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                      
         160     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                    Governance                            Financials                             Other information



                                                                                                                       The forecasts consider the impact of the current market conditions on the existing financing activities,
        6. Taxation (continued)                                                                                        including the current view of future interest rates, levels of intragroup financing, as well as the future
                                                                                                                       profits generated from the procurement and roaming activities.
    The tables below present the gross amount and expiry dates of losses available for carry forward for the
    year ended 31 March 2026 and the comparative year ended 31 March 2025.                                             This assessment also included a review of the commercial structures supporting the profits generated
                                                                                                                      from these activities and considered the factors, under the Group’s control, which could impact the
                                                                 Expiring       Expiring                               ability of these activities to generate taxable profits. The Group has assessed that the current structure
                                                                   within       beyond                                 continues to be sustainable under the tax laws substantively enacted at the reporting period date and
                                                                 5 years         5 years      Unlimited        Total
                                                                                                                       the Group’s intentions to keep these activities in Luxembourg remains unchanged.
        31 March 2026                                               €m           €m           €m         €m

        Losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognised        96            –     75,950       76,046     Based on the current forecasts, €3,145 million (21%) (2025: €3,065 million, 20%) of the deferred tax
                                                                                                                       asset is forecast to be used within the next 10 years, and €6,319 million (41%) (2025: €6,194 million,
        Losses for which no deferred tax is recognised           104       16,010      37,885       53,999     40%) used within 20 years. The losses are projected to be fully utilised over the next 46-50 years (2025:
                                                                200       16,010     113,835      130,045     47-52 years).

                                                                                                                      The decrease in the recovery period compared to the prior year is principally a result of current year
                                                                                                                       utilisation of the asset. An increase or decrease in the forecast income in Luxembourg in each year of
                                                                 Expiring       Expiring
                                                                    within      beyond                                 5%-10% would change the period over which the losses will be fully utilised by 2-5 years either way. The
                                                                  5 years        5 years      Unlimited        Total   Group uses different scenarios to forecast income to understand the impact that a change in interest
        31 March 2025                                                €m          €m           €m         €m   rates or level of debt advanced by the Luxembourg companies could have on the recovery period of the
        Losses for which a deferred tax asset is recognised        68           –      78,045       78,113     losses.
        Losses for which no deferred tax is recognised             98      15,982      40,403       56,483     Any future changes in tax law or the structure of the Group could have a significant effect on the use of
                                                                                                                       the Luxembourg losses, including the period over which these losses can be utilised. On the basis that
                                                                166       15,982     118,448      134,596
                                                                                                                       future changes in tax laws are unknown, the profit forecasts assume that existing tax laws continue.
    The Group does not currently recognise deferred tax assets which are forecast to be used 60 years beyond the       In 2025, the Government of Luxembourg enacted a reduction in the corporate income tax rate of 1%,
    reporting period.                                                                                                  resulting in a €719 million write down of the Luxembourg deferred tax asset. This adjustment had no
                                                                                                                       impact on cash tax. In 2026, the Government of Luxembourg has announced its intention to reduce the
    Deferred tax assets on losses in Luxembourg                                                                        corporate income tax rate by a further 1%. If enacted, this would result in a further write down of the
    Included in the table above are losses of €63,881 million (2025: €65,200 million) that have arisen in              existing Luxembourg deferred tax asset of approximately €640 million, with no impact on cash-tax or the
    Luxembourg companies. A deferred tax asset of €15,248 million (2025: €15,563 million) has been                     utilisation period.
    recognised in respect of these losses, as the Group concluded it is probable that the Luxembourg
    entities will continue to generate taxable profits in the future against which the Group can utilise these         Based on the above factors the Group concludes that it is probable that the Luxembourg companies will
    losses. These tax losses principally arose from historical impairments, primarily following the acquisition        continue to generate taxable profits in the future against which it will use these losses.
    of the Mannesmann Group in 2000. These losses also arose prior to the 2017 tax reform in Luxembourg
    and are available to carry forward indefinitely.                                                                   Deferred tax assets in the UK
                                                                                                                       The merger between Vodafone UK and Three UK, which completed on 31 May 2025 resulted in the
    Losses incurred after the 2017 tax reform in Luxembourg expire after 17 years and can only be used                 formation of two separate UK tax groups: the VodafoneThree tax group, and the Group UK tax group.
    after any pre-existing losses on a first-in-first-out basis. The Luxembourg companies have
    €15,958 million (2025: €15,958 million) of post-2017 losses, which will fully expire in 14 years. No               VodafoneThree
    deferred tax asset is recognised for these post-2017 losses on the basis that they are not forecast to be          The VodafoneThree tax group has a recognised UK deferred tax asset of €2,067 million (2025: €nil due
    used prior to the expiry of their 17-year life.                                                                    to the change in the tax groups referenced above).
    The Luxembourg companies utilised €1,319 million of their pre-2017 losses in the current year,                     This asset consists primarily of excess capital allowances available to be claimed on a reducing balance
    representing 2% of the recognised deferred tax asset.                                                              basis, relating to qualifying plant and machinery held by the Vodafone and Three UK operating
    The recovery of the deferred tax asset is expected to be driven by the recurring profits of the                    companies. In assessing recoverability, the Group has reviewed the latest five-year forecasts for the
    Luxembourg companies.                                                                                              VodafoneThree UK tax group which reflect the inherent risks of operating in the telecommunications
                                                                                                                       sector.
    These recurring profits are derived from the Group’s internal financing, centralised procurement, and              
    international roaming activities. These activities have consistently generated taxable profits of over
    €1 billion per annum throughout their existence. The Group has reviewed the latest five-year forecasts
    for the Luxembourg companies, including their ability and the Group’s intention to continue to generate
    income beyond this period.
      Strategic report                     Governance                              Financials                      Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         161


                                                                                                                   In respect of both the VodafoneThree and Group UK tax group’s deferred tax assets, future changes in
    6. Taxation (continued)                                                                                        tax law or in the structure of the Group could have a significant impact on the availability and timing of
                                                                                                                   utilisation of UK capital allowances and other deferred tax assets.
    For the periods beyond the five-year forecast the Group has considered the level of profits assumed in
    the terminal period, taking into account the expected future profitability of the two businesses, and the      The Group has unrecognised capital tax losses of €29,087 million (2025: €29,762 million) arising in a
    forecast levels of external debt.                                                                              number of Group UK entities. The variance compared to 2025 is due to foreign exchange. These losses
                                                                                                                   may be carried forward indefinitely but can only be utilised against future chargeable capital gains. In
    Based on the current forecasts, the deferred tax asset is expected to be recovered over the next 46            assessing the recoverability of these losses, the Group has considered the expected availability of future
    years (2026 half-year: 30 years). The recovery period has increased compared to the 2026 half-year             taxable capital gains. Due to the application of the UK Substantial Shareholding Exemption, which
    results, primarily due to the reduction in the rate of deductible capital allowances for plant and machinery   exempts from tax the majority of gains on disposals of qualifying shareholdings, the Group does not
    from 18% to 14% per annum from 1 April 2026 following the November 2025 UK Budget as well as the               consider it probable that sufficient taxable capital gains will arise against which these losses can be
    finalisation of the purchase price allocation (including accounting policy alignment) for Three UK which       utilised. Accordingly, no deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the capital losses,
    resulted in revisions to forecast taxable profit at the legal entity level.                                    consistent with the treatment in the prior year.
    An increase or decrease in the net taxable income in the tax group in each year of approximately               Across both UK tax groups there is an unrecognised brought forward Corporate interest restriction of
    5%-10% would change the period over which the deferred tax asset will be fully utilised by 1-2 years           €2,040 million (2025: €1,916 million), as the Group does not forecast being able to utilise this.
    either way.
                                                                                                                   Deferred tax assets on losses in Germany
    Based on the above factors the Group concludes that it is probable that the VodafoneThree tax group
                                                                                                                   The Group has a recognised deferred tax asset of €1,441 million (2025: €1,950 million) in Germany in
    will continue to generate taxable profits in the future against which it will utilise capital allowances and
                                                                                                                   respect of losses arising primarily on the write-down of investments in Germany in 2000. The losses
    other deferred tax assets.
                                                                                                                   relate to German corporate tax and trade tax liabilities and do not expire. The Group concludes that it is
    Three UK has accumulated unrecognised tax losses and capital allowances of €7,615 million as the               probable that the German business will generate sufficient taxable profits in the future against which
    Group does not consider it probable that they will be utilised. A significant portion of the losses can only   these losses will be utilised.
    be offset against Three UK’s own future taxable profits, and for the remaining losses, future taxable
                                                                                                                   The Group has reviewed the latest five-year forecasts for the German business, which reflect the
    profits are expected to be sheltered by recognised capital allowances, which are anticipated to be
                                                                                                                   inherent risks of operating in the telecommunications sector. The Group expects to fully utilise the trade
    claimed in priority.
                                                                                                                   tax losses within 4-5 years, and corporate tax losses within 31-32 years.
    Vodafone Group UK                                                                                              The reduction in the deferred tax asset in the period primarily reflects the enacted change in German
    The Vodafone ‘Group UK’ tax group has a recognised UK deferred tax asset of €nil million (2025:                corporate income tax rates. On 14 July 2025, the German Government enacted a 5% reduction in the
    €2,566 million, which included Vodafone UK, now part of the VodafoneThree tax group, as described              corporate income tax rate, to be implemented on a staggered basis at 1% per annum from 2028 to
    above). The Group UK tax group comprises the Group’s UK financing, holding and group service                   2032. The enacted rate change resulted in a €305 million charge to remeasure the German net deferred
    companies and holds significant tax assets, primarily arising from excess capital allowances available to      tax assets.
    be claimed on a reducing balance basis.
                                                                                                                   Unremitted earnings
    In assessing recoverability of deferred tax assets, the Group has reviewed the latest five-year forecasts      No deferred tax liability has been recognised in respect of a further €33,631 million (2025: €39,199
    for the Group UK tax group, which reflect the inherent risks of operating in the telecommunications            million) of unremitted earnings of subsidiaries because the Group is able to control the timing of the
    sector. For periods beyond the five-year forecast, the Group has considered the level of profits assumed       reversal of the temporary difference, and it is probable that such differences will not reverse in the
    in the terminal period, taking into account forecast level of external debt and derivatives and expected       foreseeable future. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of unrecognised deferred tax liabilities in
    future profitability of the business.                                                                          respect of these unremitted earnings.
    Based on this assessment, the Group does not consider there to be sufficient taxable profits that can be
    reliably forecast, beyond those arising from the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, to support     Pillar Two - Global Minimum Tax
    recognition of additional deferred tax assets. This conclusion is driven primarily by the volatility of        The BEPS Pillar Two Minimum Tax legislation was enacted in July 2023 in the UK with effect from
    taxable income and deductible losses arising from treasury activities, where relatively small changes in       financial years commencing on or after 1 January 2024. The Group has applied the temporary exception
    the Group’s bond and derivative portfolio can result in significant movements in forecast long-term            under IAS 12 in relation to the accounting for deferred taxes arising from the implementation of the Pillar
    taxable profits within the Group UK tax group.                                                                 Two rules. The FY26 tax charge includes a current tax charge of €9 million (2025: €7 million) relating to
                                                                                                                   Pillar 2 income taxes.
    Accordingly, the Group has written down the €358 million net deferred tax asset in respect of fixed            
    assets within the Group UK tax group. €437 million of deferred tax assets remain supported by the
    reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As a consequence of de-recognising this deferred tax asset in the
    period, the Group has €1,432 million (2025: nil) of unrecognised deductible temporary differences.
      162     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                  Governance                                     Financials                                     Other information



    7. Discontinued operations and assets held for sale                                                             Discontinued operations
                                                                                                                    On 31 October 2023, the Group announced that it had entered into binding agreements with Zegona
                                                                                                                    Communications plc (’Zegona’) in relation to the disposal of 100% of Vodafone Holdings Europe, S.L.U.
    The Group classifies certain of its assets that it expects to dispose as either discontinued                    (‘Vodafone Spain’). The disposal completed on 31 May 2024.
    operations or as held for sale.
                                                                                                                    On 15 March 2024, the Group announced that it had entered into a binding agreement with Swisscom
    The Group classifies non-current assets and liabilities within disposal groups (‘assets’) as held for sale if   AG (‘Swisscom’) in relation to the disposal of 100% of Vodafone Italia S.p.A. (’Vodafone Italy’). The
    the assets are available immediately for sale in their present condition, management is committed to a          disposal completed on 31 December 2024.
    plan to sell the assets under usual terms, it is highly probable that their carrying amounts will be
    recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and the sale is             See note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ for more information.
    expected to be completed within one year from the date of the initial classification.                           The results of Vodafone Spain and Vodafone Italy were reported as discontinued operations in the prior
    Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are presented separately as current items in the             years through to the date of disposal.
    consolidated statement of financial position and are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and         A summary of the results from these discontinued operations is below.
    fair value less costs to sell. Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are not depreciated or       
    amortised once classified as held for sale. Similarly, equity accounting ceases for associates and joint                                                                                                            20261       2025       2024
    ventures held for sale.                                                                                                                                                                                               €m          €m         €m

                                                                                                                        (Loss)/profit for the financial year - Discontinued operations
    Where operations constitute a separately reportable segment (see note 2 ‘Revenue disaggregation and
    segmental analysis’) and have been disposed of, or are classified as held for sale, the Group classifies            Vodafone Spain                                                                               (25)           53         (5)
    such operations as discontinued.                                                                                    Vodafone Italy                                                                               (83)          (75)       (60)
    Discontinued operations are excluded from the results of continuing operations and are presented as a               Total                                                                                       (108)          (22)       (65)
    single amount as profit or loss after tax from discontinued operations in the consolidated income
    statement. Discontinued operations are also excluded from segment reporting. All other notes to the                 Loss per share - Discontinued operations
    consolidated financial statements include amounts for continuing operations, unless indicated otherwise.
                                                                                                                        Basic                                                                                    (0.45)c        (0.08)c    (0.24)c
    Transactions between the Group’s continuing and discontinued operations are eliminated in full in the               Diluted                                                                                  (0.45)c        (0.08)c    (0.24)c
    consolidated income statement. To the extent that the Group considers that the commercial relationships         Note:
    with discontinued operations will continue post-disposal, transactions are reflected within continuing          


                                                                                                                    1. Relates to the finalisation of the disposal completion accounts in the current financial year.
    operations with an opposite charge or credit reflected within the results of discontinued operations
    resulting in a net nil impact on the Group’s (Loss)/profit for the financial year for the years presented.      
         Strategic report                       Governance                 Financials                       Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026    163


        7. Discontinued operations and assets held for sale (continued)                                     Vodafone Italy
                                                                                                            The disposal of Vodafone Italy completed in the comparative period on 31 December 2024. The results
                                                                                                            of discontinued operations in Italy are detailed below.
    Segment analysis of discontinued operations                                                                                                                                          2026        2025        2024
                                                                                                                                                                                          €m           €m          €m
    Vodafone Spain                                                                                              Revenue                                                                    –       3,356      4,579
    The disposal of Vodafone Spain completed in the comparative period on 31 May 2024. The results of
                                                                                                                Cost of sales                                                              –      (1,293)    (3,438)
    discontinued operations in Spain are detailed below.
    

                                                                              2026        2025      2024
                                                                                                                Gross profit                                                               –      2,063       1,141
                                                                               €m           €m        €m        Selling and distribution expenses                                          –       (160)       (244)
        Revenue                                                                –         603      3,773         Administrative expenses                                                    –       (356)       (760)
        Cost of sales                                                          –        (321)    (2,593)        Net credit losses on financial assets                                      –        (36)        (51)
        Gross profit                                                           –         282      1,180         Operating profit                                                           –      1,511          86
        Selling and distribution expenses                                      –         (27)      (259)        Financing costs                                                            –        (66)        (86)
        Administrative expenses                                                –         (34)      (435)        Profit before taxation                                                     –      1,445           –
        Net credit losses on financial assets                                  –         (15)      (120)        Income tax (expense)/credit                                                –       (387)         23
        Operating profit                                                       –        206        366          Profit after tax of discontinued operations                                –      1,058          23
        Investment income                                                      –          3         29
        Financing costs                                                        –         (8)       (56)         After tax loss on the re-measurement of disposal group                     –             –       (83)
        Profit before taxation                                                 –        201        339
        Income tax credit                                                      –          –          1          Loss on sale of disposal group                                           (83)     (1,133)          –
        Profit after tax of discontinued operations                            –        201        340
                                                                                                                Loss for the financial year from discontinued operations                 (83)        (75)        (60)
        After tax loss on the re-measurement of disposal group                 –           –      (345)
                                                                                                                Total comprehensive expense for the financial year from
        Loss on sale of disposal group                                       (25)       (148)           –       discontinued operations
                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the parent                                     (83)        (72)        (71)
        (Loss)/profit for the financial year from discontinued
        operations                                                           (25)        53          (5)
                                                                                                            Assets held for sale
                                                                                                            On 18 February 2026, the Group announced that it has agreed to sell its interests in VodafoneZiggo
        Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the financial year                                         Group Holding B.V. (‘VodafoneZiggo’) to Liberty Global plc for €1.0 billion in cash and a 10% stake in the
        from discontinued operations                                                                        new Ziggo Group which will own 100% of both VodafoneZiggo and Liberty Global’s Belgian subsidiary,
        Attributable to owners of the parent                                 (25)        53          (5)    Telenet Group Holding. The Group’s €0.9 billion loan receivable from VodafoneZiggo (see Note 13:
                                                                                                            Other investments) will be settled from the transaction proceeds. Consequently, the Group’s investment
                                                                                                            in VodafoneZiggo is classified as held for sale at 31 March 2026.
                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                31 March     31 March
                                                                                                                                                                                                    2026         2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                     €m           €m
                                                                                                                Non-current assets
                                                                                                                Investments in associates and joint ventures                                       174             –
                                                                                                                                                                                                   174             –
                                                                                                            
         164     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                              Governance                             Financials                             Other information



        8. Earnings per share                                                                                                      9. Equity dividends

    Basic earnings per share is the amount of profit generated for the financial year                                          Dividends are one type of shareholder return, historically paid to our shareholders in
    attributable to equity shareholders divided by the weighted average number of shares in                                    February and August.
                                                                                                                               
    issue during the year.                                                                                                                                                                                      2026          2025           2024
    
                                                                                                                                                                                                             €m           €m           €m
                                                                                    2026            2025             2024
                                                                             Millions      Millions      Millions       Declared during the financial year                                                          
        Weighted average number of shares for basic earnings per share        24,033        26,149         27,056            Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2025: 2.25 eurocents
        Effect of dilutive potential shares: Employee share schemes                                                                per share                                                                                   
                                                                                      –              –           95
                                                                                                                                   (2024: 4.50 eurocents per share, 2023: 4.50 eurocents per share)          558        1,212        1,215
        Weighted average number of shares for diluted earnings per
        share                                                                 24,033        26,149         27,151            Interim dividend for the year ended 31 March 2026: 2.25 eurocents
                                                                                                                                   per share                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                  (2025: 2.25 eurocents per share, 2024: 4.50 eurocents per share)          536          583        1,218
                                                                                    2026             2025            2024
                                                                                 €m             €m           €m                                                                                1,094        1,795        2,433
        (Loss)/profit for earnings per share from continuing operations                                                                                                                                                          
        attributable to owners                                                  (289)       (4,147)         1,205
                                                                                                                                   Proposed after the end of the year and not recognised as a
        Loss for earnings per share from discontinued operations                                                                   liability                                                                                   
        attributable to owners                                                  (108)           (22)           (65)
                                                                                                                                   Final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2026: 2.3625 eurocents
        (Loss)/profit for basic and diluted earnings per share                  (397)       (4,169)         1,140            per share                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                  (2025: 2.25 eurocents per share, 2024: 4.50 eurocents per share)          544          558        1,219
                                                                                    2026            2025             2024      
                                                                           eurocents     eurocents     eurocents
        Basic (loss)/earnings per share from continuing operations           (1.20)c  (15.86)c              4.45c
        Basic loss per share from discontinued operations                    (0.45)c        (0.08)c        (0.24)c
        Basic (loss)/earnings per share                                      (1.65)c  (15.94)c              4.21c
    
                                                                                    2026            2025             2024
                                                                           eurocents     eurocents     eurocents
        Diluted (loss)/earnings per share from continuing operations         (1.20)c  (15.86)c              4.44c
        Diluted loss per share from discontinued operations                  (0.45)c  (0.08)c              (0.24)c
        Diluted (loss)/earnings per share                                    (1.65)c  (15.94)c              4.20c
      Strategic report                      Governance                               Financials                        Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026      165


    10. Intangible assets                                                                                              Software
                                                                                                                       Computer software comprises software purchased from third parties as well as the cost of internally
                                                                                                                       developed software. Computer software licences are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
    The consolidated statement of financial position contains significant intangible assets,                           acquire and bring into use the specific software. Costs that are directly associated with the production of
    mainly in relation to goodwill and licences and spectrum. Goodwill, which arises when                              identifiable and unique software products controlled by the Group, and are probable of producing future
    we acquire a business and pay a higher amount than the fair value of its net assets                                economic benefits, are recognised as intangible assets. Direct costs of software development include
                                                                                                                       employee costs and directly attributable overheads.
    primarily due to the synergies we expect to create, is not amortised but is subject to
    annual impairment reviews. Licences and spectrum are amortised over the life of the                                Software integral to an item of hardware equipment is classified as property, plant and equipment.
    licence. For further details see ‘Critical accounting judgements and key sources of                                Costs associated with maintaining software programs are recognised as an expense when they are
    estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation ‘ to the consolidated financial                            incurred.
    statements.                                                                                                        Amortisation is charged to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the estimated
    Accounting policies                                                                                                useful life from the date the software is available for use.
    Identifiable intangible assets are recognised when the Group controls the asset, it is probable that future        Other intangible assets
    economic benefits attributed to the asset will flow to the Group and the cost of the asset can be reliably         Other intangible assets, including brands and customer bases, are recorded at fair value at the date of
    measured. Identifiable intangible assets are recognised at fair value when the Group completes a                   acquisition. Amortisation is charged to the consolidated income statement, over the estimated useful
    business combination. The determination of the fair values of the separately identified intangibles, is            lives of intangible assets from the date they are available for use, on a straight-line basis. The
    based, to a considerable extent, on management’s judgement.                                                        amortisation basis adopted for each class of intangible asset reflects the Group’s consumption of the
                                                                                                                       economic benefit from that asset.
    Goodwill
    Goodwill arising on the acquisition of an entity represents the excess of the cost of acquisition over the         Estimated useful lives
    Group’s interest in the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the   The estimated useful lives of finite lived intangible assets are as follows:
    entity recognised at the date of acquisition.                                                                      

    Goodwill is initially recognised as an asset at cost and is subsequently measured at cost less any                     Licence and spectrum fees                                                                 3 - 40 years
    accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is not subject to amortisation but is tested for impairment                    Software                                                                                  3 - 10 years
    annually or whenever there is evidence that it may be impaired. Goodwill is denominated in the currency                Brands                                                                                    1 - 30 years
    of the acquired entity and revalued to the closing exchange rate at each reporting period date.
                                                                                                                           Customer bases                                                                            2 - 37 years
    Negative goodwill arising on an acquisition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement.           
    On disposal of a subsidiary or a joint arrangement, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the
    determination of the profit or loss recognised in the consolidated income statement on disposal.
    Finite lived intangible assets
    Intangible assets with finite lives are stated at acquisition or development cost, less accumulated
    amortisation. The amortisation period and method are reviewed at least annually. Changes in the
    expected useful life or the expected pattern of consumption of future economic benefits embodied in the
    asset are accounted for by changing the amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated
    as changes in accounting estimates.
    Licence and spectrum fees
    Amortisation periods for licence and spectrum fees are determined primarily by reference to the
    unexpired licence period, the conditions for licence renewal and whether licences are dependent on
    specific technologies. Amortisation is charged to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line
    basis over the estimated useful lives from the commencement of related network services.
         166     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                            Strategic report                                Governance                                 Financials                Other information



        10. Intangible assets (continued)
    

                                                                                                                                                               Licence and                 Computer      Customer
                                                                                                                                    Goodwill                 spectrum fees                  software        bases          Other             Total
                                                                                                                                        €m                              €m                       €m           €m             €m                €m

        Cost
        1 April 2024                                                                                                              77,252                        27,292                     17,434        9,320            486           131,784
        Exchange movements                                                                                                          (252)                           62                        (63)          17            (18)             (254)
        Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                                                    7                             –                          –            4              –                11
        Additions1                                                                                                                     –                           236                      2,414            –              5             2,655
        Disposals                                                                                                                      –                           (98)                      (772)           –             (1)             (871)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                                                       709                           301                        291           49             39             1,389
        Other                                                                                                                          –                             –                        (45)           –              –               (45)
        31 March 2025                                                                                                             77,716                        27,793                     19,259        9,390            511           134,669
        Exchange movements                                                                                                          (571)                         (734)                      (424)         (56)           (40)           (1,825)
        Acquisition of subsidiaries2                                                                                               1,465                         1,001                        897          541            231             4,135
        Additions1                                                                                                                     –                         1,083                      2,142            1              8             3,234
        Disposals                                                                                                                      –                          (305)                      (942)           –             (3)           (1,250)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                                                       627                           293                        285           44             35             1,284
        Other                                                                                                                          –                             –                        (97)           –              –               (97)
        31 March 2026                                                                                                             79,237                        29,131                     21,120        9,920            742           140,150

        Accumulated impairment losses and amortisation
        1 April 2024                                                                                                              52,296                        21,731                     12,104        6,338            463            92,932
        Exchange movements                                                                                                          (318)                          106                        (58)          16            (14)             (268)
        Impairments                                                                                                                4,515                             –                          –            –              –             4,515
        Charge for the year                                                                                                            –                           651                      2,431          605              8             3,695
        Disposals                                                                                                                      –                           (98)                      (767)           –             (1)             (866)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                                                       709                           176                        250           49             39             1,223
        31 March 2025                                                                                                             57,202                        22,566                     13,960        7,008            495           101,231
        Exchange movements                                                                                                          (510)                         (504)                      (314)         (41)           (26)           (1,395)
        Charge for the year                                                                                                            –                           722                      2,682          674             12             4,090
        Disposals                                                                                                                      –                          (197)                      (932)           –              –            (1,129)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                                                       627                           180                        242           44             35             1,128
        Other                                                                                                                          –                             –                        (52)           –              –               (52)
        31 March 2026                                                                                                             57,319                        22,767                     15,586        7,685            516           103,873

        Net book value
        31 March 2025                                                                                                             20,514                         5,227                      5,299        2,382             16            33,438
        31 March 2026                                                                                                             21,918                         6,364                      5,534        2,235            226            36,277
    Notes:
    


    1. Licence and spectrum additions include €771 million (FY25: €nil) of deferred payments which are included in borrowings in the Statement of Financial Position, see Note 21 for further details.
    


    2. Primarily attributable to the merger of Vodafone Limited and Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited in the UK. See note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ for further details.
    
        Strategic report                 Governance                              Financials                    Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          167


    10. Intangible assets (continued)                                                                              11. Property, plant and equipment

    For licences and spectrum fees and other intangible assets, amortisation is included within the cost of    The Group makes significant investments in network equipment and infrastructure – the
    sales line within the consolidated income statement. Included in the net book value of computer software   base stations and technology required to operate our networks – that form the majority
    and licenses and spectrum fees are assets in the course of construction, which are not amortised, with a
    cost of €824 million (2025: €1,035 million) and €18 million (2025: €151 million) respectively.             of our tangible assets. All assets are depreciated over their useful economic lives. For
                                                                                                               further details on the estimation of useful economic lives, see ‘Critical accounting
    The net book value and expiry dates of the most significant licences are as follows:
                                                                                                               judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation ‘to
                                                                                                              the consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                               2026     2025   Accounting policies
                                                                          Expiry dates          €m        €m
                                                                                                               Land and buildings held for use are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at their
    Germany                                                           2030 - 2040             2,290   2,392    cost, less any accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
    UK                                                                2033 - 2041             1,622     965
                                                                                                               Amounts for equipment, fixtures and fittings, which includes network infrastructure assets are stated at
    Vodacom                                                           2027 - 2042               932     771    cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.
    Türkiye                                                                  2042               824     366
                                                                                                               Assets in the course of construction are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment losses.
    The remaining amortisation period for each of the licences in the table above corresponds to the expiry    Depreciation of these assets commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.
    date of the respective licence. A summary of the Group’s most significant spectrum licences can be
                                                                                                               The cost of property, plant and equipment includes directly attributable incremental costs incurred in
    found on page 244.
                                                                                                               their acquisition and installation.
                                                                                                               Depreciation is charged so as to write off the cost of assets, other than land, using the straight-line
                                                                                                               method, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:
                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                   Land and buildings
                                                                                                                   Freehold buildings                                                                        25 - 50 years
                                                                                                                   Leasehold premises                                                                The term of the lease

                                                                                                                   Equipment, fixtures and fittings
                                                                                                                   Network infrastructure and other                                                            1 - 35 years

                                                                                                               Depreciation is not provided on freehold land.
                                                                                                               Right-of-use assets arising from the Group’s lease arrangements are depreciated over the shorter of
                                                                                                               their reasonably certain lease term, as determined under the Group’s leases policy (see note 20
                                                                                                               ‘Leases’ and ‘Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis
                                                                                                               of preparation’ for details) and their expected useful life.
                                                                                                               The gain or loss arising on the disposal, retirement or granting of a finance lease on an item of property,
                                                                                                               plant and equipment is determined as the difference between any proceeds from sale or receivables
                                                                                                               arising on a lease and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the consolidated income
                                                                                                               statement.
                                                                                                               
         168     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         Strategic report                          Governance                            Financials                             Other information



                                                                                                                                      Included in the net book value of land and buildings and equipment, fixtures and fittings are assets in the
        11. Property, plant and equipment (continued)                                                                                 course of construction, which are not depreciated, with a cost of €18 million (2025: €15 million) and
                                                                                                                                     €1,297 million (2025: €1,355 million) respectively. Also included in the book value of equipment, fixtures
                                                                                                        Equipment,                    and fittings are assets leased out by the Group under operating leases, with a cost of €1,678 million
                                                                                           Land and        fixtures
                                                                                           buildings    and fittings          Total   (2025: €1,653 million), accumulated depreciation of €1,165 million (2025: €1,133 million) and net book
                                                                                                  €m              €m            €m    value of €513 million (2025: €520 million).
        Cost                                                                                                                          Right-of-use assets arising from the Group’s lease arrangements are recorded within property, plant and
        1 April 2024                                                                       1,557        58,201         59,758         equipment:
                                                                                                                                      
        Exchange movements                                                                     5          (381)          (376)                                                                                                    2026        2025
        Additions                                                                             27         4,447          4,474                                                                                                      €m           €m

        Disposals                                                                            (13)         (904)          (917)            Property, plant and equipment (owned assets)                                        22,666       20,402
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                 5         1,172          1,177             Right-of-use assets                                                                 11,527       10,310
        Other                                                                                (16)          282            266             31 March                                                                            34,193       30,712
        31 March 2025                                                                      1,565        62,817         64,382         Additions of €3,845 million (2025: €4,656 million), acquisitions of subsidiaries of €1,998 million (2025:
        Exchange movements                                                                   (19)       (1,632)        (1,651)        €nil) and a depreciation charge of €3,973 million (2025: €3,235 million) were recorded in respect of
        Acquisition of subsidiaries1                                                          32         1,517          1,549         right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 March 2026.
        Additions                                                                             40         5,310          5,350         
        Disposals                                                                            (20)       (1,257)        (1,277)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                 6         1,119          1,125
        Other                                                                                  8           169            177
        31 March 2026                                                                      1,612        68,043         69,655

        Accumulated depreciation and impairment
        1 April 2024                                                                         989        39,370         40,359
        Exchange movements                                                                     4          (308)          (304)
        Charge for the year                                                                   36         3,838          3,874
        Disposals                                                                            (14)         (867)          (881)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                 2           849            851
        Other                                                                                (12)           93             81
        31 March 2025                                                                      1,005        42,975         43,980
        Exchange movements                                                                   (12)       (1,123)        (1,135)
        Charge for the year                                                                   40          4,351         4,391
        Disposals                                                                            (16)        (1,116)       (1,132)
        Hyperinflation impacts                                                                 2            828           830
        Other                                                                                  1             54            55
        31 March 2026                                                                      1,020        45,969         46,989

        Net book value
        31 March 2025                                                                        560        19,842         20,402
        31 March 2026                                                                        592        22,074         22,666
    Note:
    


    1. Primarily attributable to the merger of Vodafone Limited and Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited in the UK. See note 27
       ‘Acquisitions and disposals’ for further details.
      Strategic report                      Governance                              Financials                       Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            169


    12. Associates and joint arrangements                                                                            Associates
                                                                                                                     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary
                                                                                                                     nor an interest in a joint arrangement.
    The Group holds interests in associates in Kenya, where we have significant influence,
    as well as in a number of joint arrangements, notably in Oak Holdings 1 GmbH and its                             Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the
                                                                                                                     investee but where the Group does not have control or joint control over those policies.
    markets, the Netherlands and India where we share control with one or more third
    parties. See note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ to the consolidated financial statements for                          At the date of acquisition, any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the net fair
    further details.                                                                                                 value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the associate is recognised as
                                                                                                                     goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying amount of the investment.
    Accounting policies                                                                                              The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
    Interests in joint arrangements                                                                                  statements using the same equity method of accounting used for joint ventures, described above.
    A joint arrangement is a contractual arrangement whereby the Group and other parties undertake an                Joint ventures and associates
    economic activity that is subject to joint control; that is, when the relevant activities that significantly     


                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2026           2025
    affect the investee’s returns require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Joint                                                                                                                €m              €m
    arrangements are either joint operations or joint ventures.
                                                                                                                     Investments in joint ventures                                                               5,294      6,342
    Gains or losses resulting from the contribution or sale of a subsidiary as part of the formation of a joint      Investments in associates                                                                   1,198        550
    arrangement are recognised in respect of the Group’s entire equity holding in the subsidiary.
                                                                                                                     31 March                                                                                    6,492      6,892
    Joint operations
    A joint operation is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control have the rights to the      Share of net liabilities in joint ventures                                                      –            (96)
    assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement or that other facts and                 Share of net liabilities in associates                                                       (102)             –
    circumstances indicate that this is the case. The Group’s share of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses
                                                                                                                     31 March                                                                                     (102)           (96)
    and cash flows are combined with the equivalent items in the consolidated financial statements on a
    line-by-line basis.                                                                                              

    Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of the Group’s interest in a joint operation is accounted for in
    accordance with the Group’s accounting policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary.
    Joint ventures
    A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control have the rights to the
    net assets of the arrangement.
    At the date of acquisition, any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Group’s share of the net fair
    value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of the joint venture is recognised as
    goodwill. The goodwill is included within the carrying amount of the investment.
    The results and assets and liabilities of joint ventures, other than those joint ventures or part thereof that
    are held for sale (see note 7 ‘Discontinued operations and assets held for sale’), are incorporated in the
    consolidated financial statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method,
    investments in joint ventures are carried in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
    adjusted for post-acquisition changes in the Group’s share of the net assets of the joint venture, less any
    impairment in the value of the investment. The Group’s share of post-tax profits or losses are recognised
    in the consolidated income statement. Losses of a joint venture in excess of the Group’s interest in that
    joint venture, which includes the equity investment and any long-term financing provided to the joint
    venture, are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations
    or made payments on behalf of the joint venture.
         170         Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                           Strategic report                           Governance                                       Financials                                   Other information



        12. Associates and joint arrangements (continued)                                                                                    OXG Glasfaser Beteiligungs GmbH
                                                                                                                                             In March 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with Altice Luxembourg S.A. to create a joint
                                                                                                                                             venture, OXG Glasfaser Beteiligungs GmbH (‘OXG’), with 50.0% shareholding held by each
    Joint ventures                                                                                                                           shareholder. OXG deploys fibre-to-the-home in Germany. Each shareholder is committed to contribute
    The financial and operating activities of the Group’s joint ventures are jointly controlled by the                                       funding towards the cost of contractually committed fibre build outs. During the year ended 31 March
    participating shareholders. The participating shareholders have rights to the net assets of the joint                                    2026, the Group provided €48 million (2025: €36 million) of capital contributions to OXG. The Group’s
    ventures through their equity shareholdings. Unless otherwise stated, the Group’s principal joint                                        contributions towards future fibre roll out costs depend on the speed and size of approved fibre
    ventures all have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares and are all indirectly held. The                                    deployment projects and are capped at €832 million. Shareholder contributions are expected to be
    country of incorporation or registration of all joint ventures is also their principal place of operation.                               contributed between 2026 and 2029. The contribution can be in the form of capital, shareholder loan,
                                                                                                                                            loan notes or similar instruments as agreed by the shareholders.
                                                                                                  Country of    Percentage     Percentage
                                                                                            incorporation or shareholdings1 shareholdings1   Vodafone Idea Limited
        Name of joint venture                                         Principal activity         registration         2026           2025
                                                                                                                                             Financial information is presented for Vodafone Idea Limited (‘VIL’) for the six-month period to, and as at
        Oak Holdings 1 GmbH                             Network infrastructure               Germany              50.0            50.0       30 September 2025 on the basis that full year information in relation to VIL has not been released at the
        VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.                    Network operator               Netherlands            50.0            50.0       date of approval of these consolidated financial statements and as such is market sensitive for VIL. The
                                                                                                                                             Group’s carrying value in Vodafone Idea Limited (‘VIL’) reduced to €nil at 30 September 2019. The
        OXG Glasfaser Beteiligungs GmbH                   Fibre infrastructure               Germany              50.0            50.0
                                                                                                                                             Group’s share of VIL’s losses not recognised at 31 March 2026 is €1,748 million (2025: €1,758 million).
        Vodafone Idea Limited2                              Network operator                      India           16.1            24.4
    Notes:
                                                                                                                                             VIL undertook a conversion of debt due to the Government of India during April 2025, resulting in the
    
                                                                                                                                             Group’s interest in VIL reducing to 16.1%. VIL remains a joint venture of the Group due to rights that it
    1. Effective ownership percentages of Vodafone Group Plc rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent.
                                                                                                                                            and a fellow investor hold enabling key operating decisions to be made on a joint basis. On
    2. At 31 March 2026 the fair value of the Group’s interest in Vodafone Idea Limited was INR 149 billion (€1,383 million) (2025:          31 December 2025, the Group reached an agreement with VIL to settle the Group’s obligations under
       INR 118 billion (€1,283 million)) based on the quoted share price on the National Stock Exchange of India.
                                                                                                                                             the CLAM, as part of which the Group has set aside 3,280 million of its shareholding in VIL for VIL’s
    Oak Holdings 1 GmbH                                                                                                                      benefit. See note 29 “Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings” for further details.
    In the comparative year, on 22 July 2024, the Group announced the sale of a further 10.3% stake in Oak                                   Dividends received from joint ventures
    Holdings 1 GmbH (‘Oak Holdings’), the partnership that co-controls Vantage Towers, for €1,336 million, leaving
                                                                                                                                             During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group received dividends included in the consolidated
    the Group’s retained interest at 50.0%. Oak Holdings owns 89.3% of Vantage Towers. A net gain on disposal of
                                                                                                                                             statement of cash flows from VodafoneZiggo of €62 million (2025: €63 million, 2024: €100 million) and
    €26 million was recorded within Other income in the Consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                                                             Oak Holdings of €312 million (2025: €307 million, 2024: €196 million).
    VodafoneZiggo                                                                                                                            Aggregated financial information
    On 18 February 2026, the Group announced that it has agreed to sell its 50% interest in VodafoneZiggo Group
                                                                                                                                             The table below provides aggregated financial information for the Group’s joint ventures as it relates to
    Holding B.V. (‘VodafoneZiggo’) to Liberty Global plc and has classified its investment in VodafoneZiggo within
                                                                                                                                             the amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of financial
    Assets held for sale accordingly. See Note 7 ‘Discontinued operations and assets held for sale’ for further
                                                                                                                                             position.
    information.                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Investment in joint ventures1        (Loss)/profit for the financial year2
                                                                                                                                                                                                              2026               2025            2026             2025          2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                €m                 €m              €m               €m            €m

                                                                                                                                                 Oak Holdings 1 GmbH                                        5,207          5,943              (440)          (74)           (85)
                                                                                                                                                 VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.                               –            330               (95)         (125)          (177)
                                                                                                                                                 TPG Telecom Limited3                                           –            (96)                –           (97)           (74)
                                                                                                                                                 Other                                                         87             69               (85)          (65)           (43)
                                                                                                                                                 Total                                                      5,294          6,246              (620)         (361)          (379)
                                                                                                                                             Notes:
                                                                                                                                             


                                                                                                                                             1. Includes share of net liabilities in joint ventures.
                                                                                                                                             


                                                                                                                                             2. Total Other comprehensive (expense)/income is not materially different to (loss)/profit for the financial year.
                                                                                                                                             


                                                                                                                                             3. TPG Telecom Limited has been classified as Associate for the year ended 31 March 2026. Comparative information has
                                                                                                                                                been retained in the Joint Venture disclosures.
                                                                                                                                             
         Strategic report                          Governance                                     Financials                             Other information                               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          171


                                                                                                                                         Summarised financial information for the Group’s material joint ventures on a 100% ownership basis is
        12. Associates and joint arrangements (continued)                                                                                set out in the tables below.
                                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     VodafoneZiggo Group
    Summarised financial information                                                                                                                                                                      Oak Holdings 1 GmbH            Holding B.V.
    Summarised financial information for the Group’s material joint ventures on a 100% ownership basis is                                                                                                     2026          2025         2026         2025
    set out below.                                                                                                                                                                                              €m            €m           €m           €m

                                                                                                                                             Statement of financial position
    Financial information is presented for Vodafone Idea Limited (‘VIL’) for the six month period to, and as at
    30 September 2025 on the basis that full year information in relation to VIL has not been released at the                                Non-current assets                                           22,819         24,149      14,184     15,012
    date of approval of these financial statements and as such is market sensitive for VIL.                                                  Current assets                                                  635            749         680        788
    
                                                                 Oak Holdings 1 GmbH                 VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.        Total assets                                                 23,454         24,898      14,864     15,800
                                                                2026        2025         2024             2026        2025        2024       Equity shareholders’ funds                                   10,414         11,887         319        660
                                                                 €m           €m           €m               €m          €m          €m
                                                                                                                                             Non-current liabilities                                      10,434         10,167      12,253     12,773
        Income statement
                                                                                                                                             Current liabilities                                           2,606          2,844       2,292      2,367
        Revenue                                             1,327        1,249        1,166           3,976        4,082     4,128           Cash and cash equivalents within current assets                 187            240          98        144
        Operating expenses                                    (94)        (117)        (130)         (2,219)      (2,190)   (2,195)          Non-current liabilities excluding trade and other payables
        Depreciation and amortisation                        (917)        (953)        (868)         (1,509)      (1,600)   (1,555)          and provisions                                                9,900          9,560      12,049     12,640
        Impairment losses1                                   (928)           –            –               –            –         –           Current liabilities excluding trade and other payables and
        Other (expense)/income                               (105)         (26)           5               –            –         –           provisions                                                       320           502       1,082       1,094
        Operating (loss)/profit                              (717)         153          173             248          292       378       
        Interest income                                         4            7            5               –            –         –                                                                        Vodafone Idea Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                              20263           2025
        Interest expense                                     (525)        (538)        (455)           (539)        (652)     (809)                                                                             €m              €m
        Loss before tax                                    (1,238)        (378)        (277)           (291)        (360)     (431)          Statement of financial position
        Income tax credit                                     358          212          132              73          111        77           Non-current assets                                           14,035        16,069
        Loss for the financial year2                         (880)        (166)        (145)           (218)        (249)     (354)          Current assets                                                1,854         2,817
                                                                                                                                            Total assets                                                 15,889        18,886
                                                                 Vodafone Idea Limited
                                                                                                                                             Equity shareholders’ deficit                                 (9,586)       (9,479)
                                                               20263        2025         2024
                                                                 €m           €m           €m                                                Non-current liabilities                                      20,509        22,636
        Income statement                                                                                                                     Current liabilities                                           4,966         5,729
        Revenue                                             2,227        4,797        4,749                                                  Cash and cash equivalents within current assets                 310         1,145
        Operating expenses                                 (1,426)      (3,005)      (3,066)                                                 Non-current liabilities excluding trade and other payables
        Depreciation and amortisation                        (979)      (2,142)      (2,178)                                                 and provisions                                               20,491        22,612
        Other income                                            –            –           83                                                  Current liabilities excluding trade and other payables and
                                                                                                                                             provisions                                                    2,152         2,307
        Operating loss                                       (178)        (350)        (412)
                                                                                                                                         
        Interest income                                        24          107            7
        Interest expense                                   (1,099)      (2,539)      (2,718)
        Loss before tax                                    (1,253)      (2,782)      (3,123)
        Income tax expense                                      –           (2)         (95)
        Loss for the financial year2                       (1,253)      (2,784)      (3,218)
    Notes:
    


    1. Includes €928 million in respect of the investment Oak Holdings 1 GmBH holds in Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A.
       (‘Inwit’).
    


    2. Total Other comprehensive (expense)/income is not materially different to (loss)/profit for the financial year.
    


    3. Six month period to, and as at 30 September 2025.
         172     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         Strategic report                      Governance                                  Financials                                       Other information



        12. Associates and joint arrangements (continued)                                                                         Associates
                                                                                                                                  Unless otherwise stated, the Group’s principal associates all have share capital consisting solely of ordinary
                                                                                                                                  shares and are all indirectly held. The country of incorporation or registration is also their place of operation.
    The reconciliation of summarised financial information presented to the carrying amount of our interest                                                                                                                       Country of   Percentage    Percentage
    in joint ventures is set out below.                                                                                                                                                                                        incorporation shareholding1 shareholding1
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Principal activity      or registration        2026          2025
                                                             Oak Holdings 1 GmbH              VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.
                                                             2026       2025         2024           2026       2025        2024       Safaricom PLC2                                          Network operator                   Kenya            39.9          39.9
                                                              €m          €m           €m            €m          €m          €m
                                                                                                                                      TPG Telecom Limited3                                    Network operator                Australia           23.7          25.1
        Equity shareholders’ funds                     10,414      11,887                        319           660
                                                                                                                                      Maziv Proprietary Limited                         Network infrastructure             South Africa           30.0              –
        Interest in joint ventures1                     5,207       5,943                        160           330
                                                                                                                                      Indus Towers Limited                              Network infrastructure                    India              –              –
        Transferred to assets held for sale                 –           –                       (174)            –
                                                                                                                                  Notes:
        Share of unrecognised losses                        –           –                         14             –                


                                                                                                                                  1. Effective ownership percentages of Vodafone Group Plc rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent.
        Carrying value                                  5,207       5,943                          –           330                


                                                                                                                                  2. At 31 March 2026, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Safaricom PLC was KES 440 billion (€2,939 million) (2025: KES
                                                                                                                                     293 billion (€2,096 million)) based on the closing quoted share price on the Nairobi Stock Exchange.
        Loss for the financial year                       (880)       (166)      (145)          (218)       (249)      (354)      


                                                                                                                                  3. At 31 March 2026, the fair value of the Group’s interest in TPG Telecom Limited was AUD 1,872 million (€1,130 million)
        Share of loss                                     (440)        (74)       (85)          (109)       (125)      (177)         (2025: AUD 2,236 million (€1,290 million) based on the quoted share price on ASX.
        Share of unrecognised loss                           –           –          –             14           –          –       Safaricom PLC
        Share of loss1                                    (440)        (74)       (85)           (95)       (125)      (177)      In December 2025, the Group announced that Vodacom had agreed to acquire a further 20% of the
                                                                                                                                 issued share capital in Safaricom PLC. Vodacom will acquire 15% from the Government of Kenya and
                                                             Vodafone Idea Limited
                                                              2026       2025        2024
                                                                                                                                  5% from Vodafone. Following completion of the acquisition, Safaricom will be owned by Vodacom
                                                               €m          €m          €m                                         (55%), the Government of Kenya (20%) and public investors (25%). Safaricom will be consolidated by
                                                                                                                                  both Vodacom and Vodafone.
        Equity shareholders’ deficit                     (9,586)    (9,479)
        Interest in joint ventures1                      (1,541)    (1,524)                                                       TPG Telecom Limited
        Impairment                                         (208)      (234)                                                       TPG Telecom Limited (‘TPG’) is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (‘ASX’). During the year,
        Share of unrecognised losses                      1,749      1,758                                                        TPG undertook a capital management plan following the completion of the disposal of certain fibre and
                                                                                                                                  fixed line assets to Vocus Group Limited. The plan included a cash return to shareholders, from the
        Carrying value                                        –          –
                                                                                                                                  proceeds following the disposal, and allowed eligible minority shareholders to reinvest all or part of their
                                                                                                                                  cash return in new TPG shares. Vodafone received €188 million in respect of the cash return, which is
        Loss for the financial year                      (1,253)    (2,784) (3,218)                                               included in Dividends received from associates and joint ventures in the Consolidated statement of
        Share of loss1                                     (201)      (660) (1,009)                                               cashflows. The shares issued by TPG resulted in Vodafone’s and Hutchison Telecommunications
        Share of unrecognised loss                          201        660   1,009                                                (Australia) Limited’s respective economic interest decreasing to 23.7%, with the remaining 52.6% listed
                                                                                                                                  as free float on the ASX. The Group now classifies TPG as an Associate, with comparative information
        Share of loss1                                        –          –       –
                                                                                                                                  retained in the Joint Venture disclosures.
    Note:
    


    1. The Group’s effective ownership percentages of Oak Holdings 1 GmbH, VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V. and Vodafone          The financial information presented in the tables below includes debt held within the holding structure
       Idea Limited are 50.0%, 50.0% and 16.1% respectively, rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent.                         that holds the Group’s interest in TPG. The Group provides a guarantee over its share of the debt in the
                                                                                                                                  structure (see note 22 ‘Capital and financial risk management’). Following receipt of the cash return
                                                                                                                                  described above, the Group contributed €188 million into the holding structure to reduce borrowings in
                                                                                                                                  that structure, with Hutchison Telecommunications (Australia) Limited contributing an equal amount. The
                                                                                                                                  contribution is included in Purchase of interests in associates and joint ventures in the Consolidated
                                                                                                                                  statement of cashflows.
                                                                                                                                  
         Strategic report                             Governance                                Financials                                    Other information                               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                173


        12. Associates and joint arrangements (continued)                                                                                     Summarised financial information
                                                                                                                                              Summarised financial information for each of the Group’s material associates on a 100% ownership basis is
                                                                                                                                              set out in the tables below.
    Maziv Proprietary Limited
    On 2 December, Vodacom (Pty) Limited (‘Vodacom’) acquired a 30% interest in Maziv Proprietary Limited                                     Financial information is presented for TPG Telecom Limited (‘TPG’) for the year to, and as at 31 December
    (‘Maziv’) for €620 million, of which €410 million was settled in cash and included in Purchase of interests in                            2025 on the basis that full-year information in relation to TPG has not been released at the date of approval of
    associates and joint ventures in the Consolidated statement of cashflows. The remaining consideration                                     these consolidated financial statements and as such is market sensitive for TPG.
    primarily related to the contribution to Maziv of certain fibre assets previously held by Vodacom. Vodacom                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Safaricom PLC                   TPG Telecom Limited
    retains an option to acquire a further 5% of Maziv before 31 March 2027.
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2026        2025        2024       2026       2025          2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                      €m           €m          €m        €m          €m            €m
    Indus Towers Limited
                                                                                                                                                  Income statement
    In the prior year, on 19 June 2024, the Group announced the sale of an 18.0% stake in Indus Towers Limited
    (‘Indus’) through an accelerated book-building offering (‘placing’). The placing raised INR 153.0 billion (€1,684                             Revenue                                      2,837        2,792         2,210      3,079      3,359       3,371
    million) in gross proceeds. Following the placing, the Group de-recognised its remaining associate investment                                 Operating expenses                          (1,356)      (1,561)       (1,189)    (2,033)    (2,320)     (2,238)
    in Indus, which was classified as an Other Investment recorded at fair value through profit and loss. A net gain                              Depreciation and amortisation                 (495)        (489)         (523)      (755)      (902)       (891)
    on disposal of €714 million was recorded within other income in the Consolidated income statement. In August                                  Other income                                     –           79           142        182          –           –
    2024 and December 2024, the Group disposed of its remaining 3.0% stake in Indus for cash consideration of                                     Operating profit                               986          821           640        473        137         242
    €329 million.
                                                                                                                                                  Interest income                                 13           17            16          –          –           –
    Dividends received from associates                                                                                                            Interest expense                              (145)        (167)         (121)      (345)      (391)       (368)
    During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group received dividends included in the consolidated statement of                                   Profit/(loss) before tax                       854          671           535        128       (254)       (126)
    cash flows from Safaricom PLC of €160 million (2025: €136 million, 2024: €122 million) and TPG Telecom                                        Income tax (expense)/credit                   (354)        (340)         (266)         4         27          (8)
    Limited of €210 million (2025: €24 million, 2024: €23 million).                                                                               Profit/(loss) for the financial year and       500          331           269        132       (227)       (134)
                                                                                                                                                  total comprehensive income
    Aggregated financial information
                                                                                                                                                  Attributable to:
    The table below provides aggregated financial information for the Group’s associates as it relates to the                                     - Owners of the parent                         643          503           399       132        (227)         (134)
    amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                                                                 - Non-controlling interests                   (143)        (172)         (130)        –           –             –
                                                                    Investment in associates1       Profit/(loss) for the financial year      
                                                                           2026         2025            2026            2025          2024                                                        Indus Towers Limited                 Maziv Proprietary Limited
                                                                            €m            €m              €m              €m             €m                                                      2026        2025           2024       2026         2025         2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                  €m           €m             €m        €m            €m           €m
        Safaricom PLC2                                                   539           500           256            201           159
                                                                                                                                                  Income statement
        TPG Telecom Limited                                             (102)            –            (4)             –             –
                                                                                                                                                  Revenue                                        –           835          3,185      105           –             –
        Maziv Proprietary Limited                                        623             –             3              –             –             Operating expenses                             –          (286)        (1,598)     (36)          –             –
        Indus Towers Limited                                               –             –             –             55           140             Depreciation and amortisation                  –          (167)          (637)     (27)          –             –
        Other                                                             36            50           (17)           (18)          (16)            Operating profit                               –           382            950        42          –             –
        Total                                                          1,096           550           238            238           283             Interest income                                –            11            126         –          –             –
    Note:                                                                                                                                         Interest expense                               –           (48)          (218)     (23)          –             –
    


    1. Includes share of net liabilities in joint ventures.                                                                                       Profit before tax                              –           345            858        19          –             –
    


    2. Other comprehensive income includes loss for the financial year, together with €nil (2025: €103 million loss) in respect of the            Income tax expense                             –           (82)          (192)      (8)          –             –
       application of IAS 29 to Safaricom’s operations in Ethiopia in the prior year. See note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ for further               Profit for the financial year and total
       details.
                                                                                                                                                  comprehensive income                           –          263            666         11          –             –
                                                                                                                                              
         174      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                   Strategic report                     Governance                                 Financials                                  Other information



                                                                                                                            The reconciliation to the carrying amount for each of the Group’s material associates is set out in the following
        12. Associates and joint arrangements (continued)                                                                   table.
                                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                       Safaricom PLC                       TPG Telecom Limited
    Summarised financial information for each of the Group’s material associates on a 100% ownership basis is                                                                       2026        2025        2024          2026       2025          2024
    set out in the tables below.                                                                                                                                                     €m           €m          €m           €m          €m            €m
    
                                                                          Safaricom PLC            TPG Telecom Limited          Equity shareholders’ funds                     1,345        1,246                     1,604      2,175
                                                                            2026        2025           2026        2025 2
                                                                              €m          €m            €m             €m       Interest in associates1                          537          498                      (150)      (144)
                                                                                                                                Goodwill                                           2            2                        48         48
        Statement of financial position
                                                                                                                                Carrying value                                   539          500                      (102)       (96)
        Non-current assets                                               2,912        3,062        6,737         9,024
        Current assets                                                     532           600       1,390           734          Profit/(loss) for the financial year             643           503          399         132       (227)          (134)
                                                                                                                                Share of profit/(loss)                           256           201          159          (4)       (97)           (74)
        Total assets                                                     3,444        3,662        8,127         9,758
        Equity shareholders’ funds                                       1,345        1,246        1,604         2,175      
                                                                                                                                                                                Maziv Proprietary Limited                 Indus Towers Limited
        Non-controlling interests                                          192           331              –           –                                                          2026          2025         2024        2026         2025          2024
                                                                                                                                                                                  €m             €m           €m         €m            €m            €m
        Non-current liabilities                                          1,012           975       2,461         6,523
                                                                                                                                Equity shareholders’ funds                    1,074            –                          –            –
        Current liabilities                                                895        1,110        4,062         1,060          Interest in associates1                         322            –                          –            –
        Cash and cash equivalents within current assets                    180           215          931            85         Goodwill                                        319            –                          –            –
        Non-current liabilities excluding trade and other payables                                                              Other                                           (18)           –                          –            –
        and provisions                                                     919           791       2,362         6,437          Carrying value                                  623            –                          –            –
        Current liabilities excluding trade and other payables and
        provisions                                                         252           357       3,037           105          Profit for the financial year                       11         –            –             –        263            666
    
                                                                                                                                Share of profit                                      3         –            –             –         55            140
                                                                     Maziv Proprietary Limited                              Notes:
                                                                                                                            
                                                                           2026           2025                              1. The Group’s effective ownership percentage of Safaricom PLC and Maziv Proprietary Limited are 39.9% and 30.0%
                                                                             €m             €m
                                                                                                                               respectively, rounded to the nearest tenth of one percent.
        Statement of financial position                                                                                     
        Non-current assets                                              2,002               –
        Current assets                                                      95             –
        Total assets                                                    2,097              –
        Equity shareholders’ funds                                      1,074              –
        Non-controlling interests                                             3            –
        Non-current liabilities                                            899             –
        Current liabilities                                                121             –
        Cash and cash equivalents within current assets                     22             –
        Non-current liabilities excluding trade and other payables
        and provisions                                                     885             –
        Current liabilities excluding trade and other payables and
        provisions                                                          33             –
         Strategic report                  Governance                             Financials                         Other information                                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                    175


                                                                                                                     Notes:
        13. Other investments                                                                                        


                                                                                                                     1. Items measured at a fair value include, €1,044 million (2025: €306 million) of equity securities with a valuation basis of level
                                                                                                                        1 classification, which comprises financial instruments where fair value is determined by unadjusted quoted prices in active
                                                                                                                        markets for identical instruments. €nil (2025: €937 million) of equity securities have a valuation basis level 3 classification,
    The Group holds a number of other listed and unlisted investments, mainly comprising                                due to some of the inputs to the valuation model being unobservable inputs. The remaining items are measured at fair value
    managed funds, deposits and government bonds.                                                                       and the basis is level 2 classification, which comprises items where fair value is determined from inputs other than quoted
                                                                                                                        prices that are observable for the instruments, either directly or indirectly.
                                                                                                                     


    Accounting policies                                                                                              2. Includes €915 million (2025: €913 million) of non-current investments in sovereign securities measured at amortised cost
                                                                                                                        and a fair value of €899 million (2025: €909 million) with a valuation basis of level 1 classification. The fair value of the
    Other investments comprising debt and equity instruments are recognised and derecognised on                         remaining balance approximates the carrying value measured at amortised cost.
    settlement date and are initially measured at fair value, including transaction costs.                           


                                                                                                                     3. Includes items measured at fair value and the valuation basis is level 1 classification.
                                                                                                                     


    Debt securities that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent          4. Items are measured at amortised cost and the carrying amount approximates fair value.
                                                                                                                     

    solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest            5. Includes €862 million (2025: €864 million) of items measured at amortised cost with a fair value of €769 million (2025: €788
    method, less any impairment. Debt securities that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost are                   million) based on a level 2 classification, together with investments measured at a fair value of €317 million (2025: €365
    measured at fair value through profit and loss.                                                                     million) with a valuation basis of level 1 classification and €13 million (2025: nil) with a valuation basis of level 3. The
                                                                                                                        remaining items are measured at amortised cost and the carrying amount approximates fair value.
    Equity securities are classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income where
    the possibility of sale in the near term is considered low at the time of acquisition; other equity securities   Equity securities include an investment in AST SpaceMobile, Inc (‘AST’) of €1,044 million (2025: €306
    are recorded at fair value through the income statement. For equity securities valued at fair value              million) which is measured at fair value through other comprehensive income. In the prior year, equity
    through other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and              securities with a level 3 classification basis included an investment in Zegona shares (2025: €937
    losses to profit or loss following derecognition of the investment.                                              million). Valuation approach and sensitivity to key valuation inputs have been disclosed in note 22
                                                                                                                    ‘Capital and financial risk management’. Investments in Zegona shares were measured at fair value
                                                                                                   2026       2025   through profit and loss.
                                                                                                    €m          €m

        Included within non-current assets                                                                           Non-current bond securities have maturity dates in 2027 and 2028 and include €610 million (2025: €609
        Equity securities1                                                                       1,084      1,279    million) of German; €203 million (2025: €204 million) of Dutch and €102 million (2025: €100 million) of
                                                                                                                     European Union government securities. In the prior year, non-current debt securities included a loan
        Bonds and debt securities2,5                                                             1,003      1,874
                                                                                                                     receivable from VodafoneZiggo Holding B.V. (‘VodafoneZiggo’) (2025: €864 million). Following the
                                                                                                 2,087      3,153    announcement to dispose of VodafoneZiggo (Note 7), the loan receivable of €862 million was
                                                                                                                     reclassified to Other investments included within current assets, at 31 March 2026.
        Included within current assets                                                                               The Group invests surplus cash positions across a portfolio of short-term investments to manage
        Short-term investments:                                                                                      liquidity and credit risk whilst achieving suitable returns. Collateral arrangements on derivative financial
         Bonds and debt securities3                                                                217      2,139    instruments result in cash being paid/(held), repayable when the derivatives are settled. These assets
         Managed investment funds1                                                               3,214      3,141    do not meet the definition of cash and cash equivalents but are included in the Group’s net debt based
                                                                                                                     on their liquidity.
                                                                                                 3,431      5,280
        Collateral assets4                                                                       1,169      1,010    Short-term bonds and debt securities includes €217 million (2025: €573 million) of Japanese; €nil (2025:
        Other investments5                                                                       2,170      1,134    €624 million) of French; €nil (2025: €498 million) German and €nil (2025: €444 million) Belgian
                                                                                                                     government securities.
                                                                                                 6,770      7,424
                                                                                                                     Managed investment funds of €3,214 million (2025: €3,141 million) are in funds with liquidity of up to 90
                                                                                                                     days.
                                                                                                                     Collateral assets of €1,169 million (2025: €1,010 million) represents collateral paid on derivative financial
                                                                                                                     instruments.
                                                                                                                     Other investments are excluded from net debt based on their liquidity and primarily consist of restricted
                                                                                                                     debt securities including amounts held in qualifying assets by Group insurance companies to meet
                                                                                                                     regulatory requirements.
                                                                                                                     
         176     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                    Governance                                    Financials                                     Other information



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         2026         2025
        14. Trade and other receivables                                                                                                                                                                                                   €m            €m

                                                                                                                            Included within current assets
    Trade and other receivables mainly consist of amounts owed to us by customers and                                       Trade receivables                                                                                        3,899        3,236
    amounts that we pay to our suppliers in advance. Derivative financial instruments with a                                Trade receivables held at fair value through other comprehensive income                                    380          421
    positive market value are reported within this note as are contract assets, which                                       Net investment in leases                                                                                    93           88
    represent an asset for accrued revenue in respect of goods or services delivered to                                     Contract assets                                                                                          2,480        2,473
    customers for which a trade receivable does not yet exist, and finance lease receivables                                Contract-related costs                                                                                   1,428        1,253
    recognised where the Group acts as a lessor. See note 20 ‘Leases’ for more information                                  Amounts owed by associates and joint ventures                                                              172          166
    on the Group’s leasing activities.                                                                                      Other receivables                                                                                        1,074          928
    Accounting policies                                                                                                     Prepayments                                                                                                965          706
                                                                                                                            Derivative and other financial instruments1                                                                 93          133
    Trade receivables represent amounts owed by customers where the right to receive payment is
    conditional only on the passage of time. Trade receivables that are recovered in installments from                                                                                                                             10,584         9,404
    customers over an extended period are discounted at market rates and interest revenue is accreted over              Note:
    the expected repayment period. Other trade receivables do not carry any interest and are stated at their            


                                                                                                                        1. Items are measured at fair value and the valuation basis is level 2 classification, which comprises items where fair value is
    nominal value. When the Group establishes a practice of selling portfolios of receivables from time to                 determined from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
    time these portfolios are recorded at fair value through other comprehensive income; all other trade
    receivables are recorded at amortised cost.                                                                         The Group’s trade receivables and contract assets are classified at amortised cost unless stated
                                                                                                                        otherwise and are measured after allowances for future expected credit losses, see note 22 ‘Capital and
    The carrying value of all trade receivables, contract assets and finance lease receivables recorded at              financial risk management’ for more information on credit risk.
    amortised cost is reduced by allowances for lifetime estimated credit losses. Estimated future credit losses are
    first recorded on the initial recognition of a receivable and are based on the ageing of the receivable balances,   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables, which are measured at amortised cost,
    historical experience and forward-looking considerations. Individual balances are written off when management       approximate their fair value and are predominantly non-interest bearing.
    deems them not to be collectible.
    
                                                                                                                        The Group’s contract-related costs comprise €2,098 million (2025: €2,000 million) relating to costs
                                                                                                       2026     2025    incurred to obtain customer contracts and €48 million (2025: €75 million) relating to costs incurred to fulfil
                                                                                                        €m        €m    customer contracts; an amortisation and impairment expense, excluding discontinued operations in
        Included within non-current assets                                                                              Spain and Italy, of €1,038 million (2025: €935 million) was recognised in operating profit during the year.
        Trade receivables                                                                            7            6     The fair values of the derivative financial instruments are calculated by discounting the future cash flows
        Trade receivables held at fair value through other comprehensive income                    319          289     to net present values using appropriate market interest rates and foreign currency rates prevailing at 31
        Net investment in leases                                                                   348          372     March.
                                                                                                                        
        Contract assets                                                                            502          496
        Contract-related costs                                                                     718          822
        Other receivables                                                                          160           82
        Prepayments                                                                                285          300
        Derivative and other financial instruments1                                              2,882        4,064
                                                                                                 5,221        6,431
         Strategic report                         Governance                                     Financials                              Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026        177


                                                                                                                                         The fair values of the derivative financial instruments are calculated by discounting the future cash flows
        15. Trade and other payables                                                                                                     to net present values using appropriate market interest rates and foreign currency rates prevailing at 31
                                                                                                                                         March.
    Trade and other payables mainly consist of amounts owed to suppliers that have been
                                                                                                                                         Supplier financing arrangements
    invoiced or are accrued and contract liabilities relating to consideration received from
    customers in advance. They also include taxes and social security amounts due in                                                     Trade payables
    relation to the Group’s role as an employer. Derivative financial instruments with a                                                 The Group evaluates supplier arrangements against a number of indicators to assess if the payable
                                                                                                                                         continues to hold the characteristics of a trade payable or should be classified as borrowings; these
    negative market value are reported within this note.                                                                                 indicators include whether the payment terms exceed the shorter of customary payment terms in the
                                                                                                                                         industry or 180 days. At 31 March 2026, none of the payables subject to supplier financing
    Accounting policies                                                                                                                  arrangements met the criteria to be reclassified as borrowings.
    Trade payables are not interest-bearing and are stated at their nominal value.
                                                                                                                                        Supply chain financing arrangements
                                                                                                                     2026         2025
                                                                                                                      €m            €m
                                                                                                                                         The Group offers eligible suppliers the opportunity to use supply chain financing (‘SCF’), allowing
                                                                                                                                         suppliers that decide to use it to receive payment earlier than the invoice due date. The Group does not
        Included within non-current liabilities                                                                                          provide any financial guarantees to the financial institutions that run the SCF programme and continues
        Other payables                                                                                             338          245      to cash settle supplier payables in accordance with their contractual terms.
        Insurance liabilities                                                                                      208          226      The Group does not use the SCF programme to extend its payments terms with suppliers except for
        Accruals                                                                                                   251           40      €128 million (31 March 2025: €148 million) of Trade payables for which the Group has extended
        Contract liabilities                                                                                       817          812      payment terms from 30 to 90 days via the use of reverse factoring.
        Derivative and other financial instruments1                                                              1,719        1,824      Payment terms
                                                                                                                 3,333        3,147      The Group has a range of payment terms up to 180 days for both SCF and non-SCF invoices. The
        Included within current liabilities                                                                                              majority of non-SCF and SCF invoices by value are payable under 60 and 90 days respectively.
        Trade payables2                                                                                          6,211        6,157      
        Amounts owed to associates and joint ventures                                                              306          332
        Other taxes and social security payable                                                                    952          846
        Other payables3                                                                                          1,540        1,038
        Insurance liabilities                                                                                       52           54
        Accruals4                                                                                                4,980        4,138
        Contract liabilities                                                                                     1,445        1,416
        Derivative and other financial instruments1                                                                 93           82
                                                                                                               15,579        14,063
    Notes:
    


    1. Items are measured at fair value and the valuation basis is level 2 classification, which comprises items where fair value is
       determined from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.
    


    2. Included in Trade payables are invoices that are registered for the Group’s supply chain financing programme of
       €1,983 million (31 March 2025: €2,198 million); suppliers had drawn early payments of €1,312 million relating to these
       invoices at 31 March 2026 (2025: €1,443 million).
    


    3. Includes €256 million (2025: €nil) in relation to the CLAM indemnity between the Group and Vodafone Idea Limited. See note
       29 “Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings” for further details.
    


    4. Includes €92 million (2025: €132 million) payable in relation to irrevocable and non-discretionary share buyback
       programmes.

    The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate their fair value.
    Materially all of the €1,416 million recorded as current contract liabilities at 1 April 2025 was recognised
    as revenue during the year.
    Insurance liabilities included within non-current liabilities include €208 million (2025: €226 million) in
    respect of the re-insurance of third party annuity policies relating to the Vodafone and CWW Sections of
    the Vodafone UK and Group Pension Scheme and the Vodafone Ireland Pension Plan.
      178     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                   Governance                                   Financials                                      Other information



                                                                                                                     The table below is a summary of provisions by type and between current and non-current amounts.
    16. Provisions                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                           Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                      retirement   Legal and
    A provision is a liability recorded in the Consolidated statement of financial position,                                                                                         obligations   regulatory   Restructuring   Other          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                             €m           €m              €m      €m             €m
    where there is uncertainty over the timing or amount that will be paid, and is therefore
    often estimated. The main provisions we hold are in relation to asset retirement                                     1 April 2024                                                     933          269              942      304       2,448
    obligations, which include the cost of returning network infrastructure sites to their                               Exchange movements                                                 2          (12)               1       (1)        (10)
                                                                                                                         Amounts capitalised in the year                                   71            –                –        –          71
    original condition at the end of the lease and claims for legal and regulatory matters.
                                                                                                                         Amounts charged to the income statement                            –           85              133      280         498
    Accounting policies                                                                                                  Utilised in the year - payments                                  (38)         (46)            (238)    (108)       (430)
    Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of             Amounts released to the income statement                          (9)         (21)              (7)     (44)        (81)
    a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate       31 March 2025                                                    959          275              831      431       2,496
    can be made of the amount of the obligation. Provisions are measured based on the best estimate of the               Exchange movements                                               (20)         (18)              (3)       1         (40)
    expenditure required to settle the obligation at the reporting date and are discounted to present value              Acquisitions                                                      80            4                1        5          90
    where the effect is material. Where the timing of settlement is uncertain amounts are classified as
    non-current where settlement is expected more than 12 months from the reporting date.                                Amounts capitalised in the year                                  143            –                –        –         143
                                                                                                                         Amounts charged to the income statement                            –          146               78      146         370
    Asset retirement obligations                                                                                         Utilised in the year - payments                                  (41)         (31)            (248)    (104)       (424)
    In the course of the Group’s activities, a number of sites and other assets are utilised which are                   Amounts released to the income statement                          (6)         (50)            (194)     (60)       (310)
    expected to have costs associated with decommissioning. The associated cash outflows are                             Other1                                                             –            –             (333)       –        (333)
    substantially expected to occur at the dates of decommissioning of the assets to which they relate, and              31 March 2026                                                  1,115          326              132      419       1,992
    are long term in nature.
                                                                                                                     
    Legal and regulatory                                                                                                                                                                   Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                     retirement    Legal and
    The Group is involved in a number of legal and other disputes, including where the Group has received                                                                           obligations    regulatory   Restructuring   Other          Total
    notifications of possible claims. The Directors of the Company, after taking legal advice, have                                                                                          €m           €m              €m      €m             €m
    established provisions considering the facts of each case. For a discussion of certain legal issues                  Current liabilities                                             62            283              72      314          731
    potentially affecting the Group see note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’ to the
    consolidated financial statements.                                                                                   Non-current liabilities                                      1,053             43              60      105        1,261
                                                                                                                         31 March 2026                                                1,115            326             132      419        1,992
    Restructuring
    The Group undertakes periodic reviews of its operations and recognises provisions as required based
                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                                                                           Asset
    on the outcomes of these reviews. The associated cash outflows for restructuring costs are primarily                                                                             retirement    Legal and
    less than one year.                                                                                                                                                             obligations    regulatory   Restructuring   Other          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                             €m           €m              €m      €m             €m
    Other                                                                                                                Current liabilities                                              56           222             478      310        1,066
    Comprises various items that do not fall within the Group’s other categories of provisions.                          Non-current liabilities                                         903            53             353      121        1,430
                                                                                                                         31 March 2025                                                   959           275             831      431        2,496
                                                                                                                     Note:
                                                                                                                     


                                                                                                                     1. Other movements in respect of the Restructuring provision includes re-classifications to Trade and other payables of
                                                                                                                        employee termination liabilities whose timing and value are no longer uncertain. Certain of these payments are long term in
                                                                                                                        nature and are subject to change for prevailing inflation indices in the relevant market.
                                                                                                                     
         Strategic report                        Governance                                   Financials                              Other information                               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026     179


        17. Called up share capital                                                                                                       18. Reconciliation of net cash flow from operating activities

    Called up share capital is the number of shares in issue at their par value. A number of                                          The table below shows how our profit/(loss) for the year from continuing operations
    shares were allotted during the year in relation to employee share schemes.                                                       translates into cash flows generated from our operating activities.
                                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2026       2025       2024
    Accounting policies                                                                                                                                                                                                  €m          €m         €m
                                                                                                                                                                                                             Note
    Equity instruments issued by the Group are recorded at the amount of the proceeds received, net of
                                                                                                                                          (Loss)/profit for the financial year                                        (49)     (3,746)     1,505
    direct issuance costs.
                                                                                                                                         Loss for the financial year from discontinued operations                    108          22         65
                                                                         2026                                 2025
                                                                        Number           €m                   Number           €m
                                                                                                                                          Profit/(loss) for the financial year from continuing
                                                                                                                                          operations                                                                    59     (3,724)     1,570
        Ordinary shares of 20 20/21 US cents
        each allotted, issued and fully paid:1,2                                                                                          Investment and other income                                         5     (1,395)      (864)      (581)
        1 April                                             26,388,285,902           4,319        28,818,683,808           4,797          Financing costs                                                     5      2,375      1,931      2,626
        Allotted during the year                                    495,180              –                455,190              –          Income tax expense                                                  6      1,805      2,246         50
                                                                                                                                          Operating profit/(loss)                                                    2,844       (411)     3,665
        Cancelled during the year                           (2,060,402,493)          (369)        (2,430,853,096)          (478)
                                                                                                                                          Adjustments for:
        31 March                                            24,328,378,589           3,950        26,388,285,902           4,319
                                                                                                                                           Share-based payments and other non-cash charges                              11         68         98
    Notes:
    
                                                                                                                                           Depreciation and amortisation                                  10, 11    12,454     10,804     10,414
    1. At 31 March 2026, there were 50,000 (2025: 50,000) 7% cumulative fixed rate shares of £1 each in issue.
    
                                                                                                                                           (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
    2. At 31 March 2026, the Group held 1,234,199,142 (2025: 1,416,813,312) treasury shares with a nominal value of €200 million
       (2025: €232 million). The market value of shares held was €1,600 million (2025: €1,234 million). During the year, 86,121,473
                                                                                                                                           intangible assets                                              10, 11      (203)        13         34
       (2025: 99,750,090) treasury shares were reissued under Group share schemes and 1,963,879,726 (2025: 2,208,854,544)                  Share of results of equity accounted associates and joint
       shares were repurchased under share buy-back arrangements.                                                                          ventures                                                          12        382        123         96
                                                                                                                                           Impairment charge/(reversal)                                       4          –      4,515        (64)
                                                                                                                                           Other (expense)/income                                             3         88       (565)      (372)
                                                                                                                                           Decrease in inventory                                                       222        134        177
                                                                                                                                           Increase in trade and other receivables                           14       (361)      (774)      (597)
                                                                                                                                           (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                   15       (158)       710        534
                                                                                                                                          Cash generated by operations                                              15,279     14,617     13,985
                                                                                                                                          Net tax paid                                                                (988)      (901)      (724)
                                                                                                                                          Cashflows from discontinued operations                                         –      1,657      3,296
                                                                                                                                          Net cash flow from operating activities                                   14,291     15,373     16,557
                                                                                                                                      
         180    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                              Strategic report                          Governance                             Financials                             Other information



        19. Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                     20. Leases

    The majority of the Group’s cash is held in bank deposits or money market funds which                                                 The Group leases assets from other parties (the Group is a lessee) and also leases
    have a maturity of three months or less from acquisition to enable us to meet our short-                                              assets to other parties (the Group is a lessor). This note describes how the Group
    term liquidity requirements.                                                                                                          accounts for leases and provides details about its lease arrangements.
    Accounting policies                                                                                                                   Accounting policies
    Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash and bank deposits, and other short-term highly liquid                                         As a lessee
    investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and are subject to an insignificant
    risk of changes in value. Assets in money market funds, whose contractual cash flows do not represent                                 When the Group leases an asset, a ‘right-of-use asset’ is recognised for the leased item and a lease
    solely payments of interest and principal, are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from                              liability is recognised for any lease payments to be paid over the lease term at the lease commencement
    changes in fair value included in net profit or loss for the period. All other cash and cash equivalents are                          date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, being the present value of the lease payments
    measured at amortised cost.                                                                                                           paid or payable, plus any initial direct costs incurred in entering the lease and less any lease incentives
    
                                                                                                                                          received.
                                                                                                                     2026          2025
                                                                                                                      €m             €m   Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis from the commencement date to the earlier
                                                                                                                                          of the end of the asset’s useful life or the end of the lease term. The lease term is the non-cancellable
        Cash and bank deposits1                                                                                  5,274       8,871
                                                                                                                                          period of the lease plus any periods for which the Group is ‘reasonably certain’ to exercise any extension
        Money market funds2                                                                                      3,708       2,130        options (see below). The useful life of the asset is determined in a manner consistent to that for owned
        Cash and cash equivalents as presented in the consolidated statement of                                                           property, plant and equipment (as described in note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’). If right-of-use
        financial position                                                                                       8,982      11,001        assets are considered to be impaired, the carrying value is reduced accordingly.
        Bank overdrafts                                                                                             (69)      (108)       Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term
        Cash and cash equivalents as presented in the consolidated statement of                                                           that are not paid at the commencement date and are usually discounted using the incremental
        cash flows                                                                                               8,913      10,893        borrowing rates of the applicable Group entity for the relevant maturity (the rate implicit in the lease is
    Notes:                                                                                                                                used if it is readily determinable). Lease payments included in the lease liability include both fixed
    


    1. Includes bank deposits under repurchase agreements of €2,502 million (2025: €6,531 million).
                                                                                                                                          payments and in-substance fixed payments during the term of the lease.
    


    2. Items are measured at fair value and the valuation basis is level 1 classification, which comprises financial instruments          After initial recognition, the lease liability is recorded at amortised cost using the effective interest rate
       where fair value is determined by unadjusted quoted prices in active markets.                                                      method. It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an
    The carrying amount of balances at amortised cost approximates their fair value.                                                      index or rate (e.g. an inflation related increase) or if the Group’s assessment of the lease term changes;
                                                                                                                                          any changes in the lease liability as a result of these changes also results in a corresponding change in
    Cash and cash equivalents of €2,254 million (2025: €1,922 million) are held in countries with restrictions                            the recorded right-of-use asset unless the right-of-use asset is reduced to zero in which case the
    on remittances but where the balances could be used to repay subsidiaries’ third party liabilities. In                                remaining amount of the remeasurement is recognised in profit or loss.
    addition, those balances could also be used to repay €695 million (2025: €800 million) of intercompany
    liabilities as at 31 March 2026.                                                                                                      Lease modifications that increase the scope of a lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                                                                                                                                          assets in return for consideration commensurate with the stand-alone price for the additional lease
                                                                                                                                          components are treated as separate leases. If a lease modification decreases the scope of the lease,
                                                                                                                                          the Group remeasures both the right-of-use asset and the lease liability and recognises any gain or loss
                                                                                                                                          in profit or loss. Other lease modifications result in a remeasurement of the lease liability with an
                                                                                                                                          adjustment to the right-of-use asset. Remeasured lease liabilities are discounted at the modification date
                                                                                                                                          using a current discount rate.
                                                                                                                                          As a lessor
                                                                                                                                          Where the Group is a lessor, it determines at inception whether the lease is a finance or an operating
                                                                                                                                          lease. When a lease transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the underlying
                                                                                                                                          asset then the lease is a finance lease; otherwise the lease is an operating lease.
                                                                                                                                          
      Strategic report                     Governance                             Financials                       Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026        181


                                                                                                                   The Group’s cash outflow for leases in the year ended 31 March 2026 was €4,171 million (2025:
    20. Leases (continued)                                                                                         €3,770 million, 2024: €3,567 million) and absent significant future changes in the volume of the Group’s
                                                                                                                   activities or other strategic or structural changes to the Group resulting in the use of more or fewer
    Where the Group is an intermediate lessor, the interests in the head lease and the sublease are                owned assets, this level of cash outflow from leases would be expected to continue for future periods,
    accounted for separately and the lease classification of a sublease is determined by reference to the          subject to contractual price increases. The future cash outflows included within lease liabilities are
    right-of-use asset arising from the head lease.                                                                shown in the maturity analysis below. The maturity analysis only includes the reasonably certain
                                                                                                                   payments to be made; cash outflows in these future periods will likely exceed these amounts as
    Income from operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Income from           payments will be made on optional periods not considered reasonably certain at present and on new
    finance leases is recognised at lease commencement with any interest income recognised over the                leases entered into in future periods.
    lease term.
                                                                                                                   The Group’s leases for customer connectivity are normally either under regulated access or network
    Lease income is recognised as revenue for transactions that are part of the Group’s ordinary activities        sharing or similar preferential access arrangements and as a result the Group normally has significant
    (i.e. primarily leases of handsets or other equipment to customers, leases of wholesale access to the          flexibility over the term it can lease such connections for; generally the notice period required to cancel
    Group’s fibre and cable networks and leases of tower infrastructure assets). The Group uses IFRS 15            the lease is less than the notice period included in the service contract with the end customer. As a
    principles to allocate the consideration in contracts between any lease and non-lease components.              result, the Group does not have any significant cash exposure to optional periods on customer
                                                                                                                   connectivity as the Group can cancel the lease when the service agreement ends. In some
    The Group’s leasing activities as a lessee                                                                     circumstances the Group is committed to minimum spend amounts for connectivity leases, which are
    The Group leases buildings for its retail stores, offices and data centres, land on which to construct         included within reported lease liabilities.
    mobile base stations, space on mobile base stations to place active RAN equipment and network space
    (primarily rack space or duct space). In addition, the Group leases fibre and other fixed connectivity to      Amounts recognised in the primary financial statements in relation to lessee
    provide internal connectivity for the Group’s operations and on a wholesale basis from other operators to      transactions
    provide fixed connectivity services to the Group’s customers.
                                                                                                                   Right-of-use assets
    The Group’s general approach to determining lease term by class of asset is described in note 1 ‘Basis         The carrying value of the Group’s right-of-use assets, depreciation charge for the year and additions
    of preparation’ under ‘Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’. Most of      during the year are disclosed in note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’.
    the Group’s leases include future price increases through fixed percentage increases, indexation to
    inflation measures on a periodic basis or rent review clauses. Other than fixed percentage increases the       
    lease liability does not reflect the impact of these future increases unless the measurement date has
    passed. The Group’s leases contain no material variable payments clauses other than those related to
    the number of operators sharing space on third party mobile base stations.
    Optional lease periods
    Where practicable the Group seeks to include extension or break options in leases to provide
    operational flexibility, therefore many of the Group’s lease contracts contain optional periods. The
    Group’s policy on assessing and reassessing whether it is reasonably certain that the optional period will
    be included in the lease term is described in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’ under ‘Critical accounting
    judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’.
    After initial recognition of a lease, the Group only reassesses the lease term when there is a significant
    event or a significant change in circumstances, which was not anticipated at the time of the previous
    assessment. Significant events or significant changes in circumstances could include merger and
    acquisition or similar activity, significant expenditure on the leased asset not anticipated in the previous
    assessment, or detailed management plans indicating a different conclusion on optional periods to the
    previous assessment. Where a significant event or significant change in circumstances does not occur,
    the lease term and therefore lease liability and right-of-use asset value, will decline over time.
         182     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             Strategic report                      Governance                              Financials                                            Other information



                                                                                                                      – Finance leases where the Group is sub-lessor of handsets or similar items in back-to-back
        20. Leases (continued)                                                                                          arrangements or where surplus assets or certain retained mobile base stations sites are sublet out for
                                                                                                                        all or substantially all of the remaining head lease term.
    Lease liabilities
                                                                                                                      The Group’s income as a lessor in the year is as follows:
    The Group’s lease liabilities are disclosed in note 21 ‘Borrowings’. The maturity profile of the Group’s          
    lease liabilities is as follows:                                                                                                                                                                                         2026           2025      2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             €m              €m        €m
                                                                                                   2026        2025
                                                                                                    €m          €m        Operating leases
        Within one year                                                                        3,241        2,765         Lease revenue (note 2 ‘Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis’)                             415            423      463
        In more than one year but less than two years                                          2,546        2,081         Income from leases not recognised as revenue                                                        42             36       38
        In more than two years but less than three years                                       1,972        1,756
                                                                                                                      Substantially all of the Group’s income as a lessor is operating lease income.
        In more than three years but less than four years                                      1,441        1,434
        In more than four years but less than five years                                       1,269          965     The committed amounts to be received from the Group’s operating leases are as follows:
                                                                                                                      
        In more than five years                                                                4,265        3,868                                                                                        Maturity
                                                                                             14,734       12,869                                             Within one    In one to      In two to   In three to     In four to    In more than
                                                                                                                                                                   year   two years    three years    four years     five years        five years    Total
        Effect of discounting                                                                (2,346)      (2,043)                                                    €m          €m             €m            €m            €m                €m       €m

        Lease liability - as disclosed in note 21 ‘Borrowings’                               12,388       10,826          Committed operating lease
                                                                                                                          payments due to the Group as a
    At 31 March 2026 the Group has committed to enter into future lease contracts with future undiscounted                lessor
    lease payments of €2,349 million (31 March 2025: €1,464 million) which includes €1,386 million                        31 March 2026                           258         110             34            21              9               11       443
    (31 March 2025: €1,102 million) of commitments to Vantage Towers A.G., a subsidiary of the Group’s
    joint arrangement Oak Holdings 1 GmbH, for tower leases which predominantly have terms of eight                       31 March 2025                           261          98             31            18             11               14       433
    years from the date on which the towers are made available for use. The towers are expected to                        31 March 2024                           296         121             29            16              9               20       491
    become available for use over the four years ending 31 March 2030.
                                                                                                                      The Group recognises a net investment in leases (receivables) as a result of providing finance leases as
    Interest expense on lease liabilities for the year is disclosed in note 5 ‘Investment income and financing        a lessor, which are disclosed in note 14 ‘Trade and other receivables’. The maturity profile of the Group’s
    costs’.                                                                                                           net investment in leases is as follows:
                                                                                                                      

    The Group has no material liabilities under residual value guarantees and makes no material variable                                                                                                                                   2026      2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            €m         €m
    payments not included in the lease liability. The Group does not apply either the short term or low value
    expedient options in IFRS 16 ‘Leases’.                                                                                Within one year                                                                                                  109       106
                                                                                                                          In more than one year but less than two years                                                                     86        82
    The Group’s leasing activities as a lessor
                                                                                                                          In more than two years but less than three years                                                                  61        59
    The Group has a wide range of lessor activities with consumer and enterprise customers, other
                                                                                                                          In more than three years but less than four years                                                                 52        51
    telecommunication companies and other companies. With consumer and enterprise customers,
                                                                                                                          In more than four years but less than five years                                                                  50        42
    the Group generates lease income from the provision of handsets, routers and other
    communications equipment. The Group provides wholesale access to the Group’s fibre and cable                          In more than five years                                                                                          182       238
    networks, leases out space on the Group’s owned mobile base stations to other                                                                                                                                                         540         578
    telecommunication companies and subleases certain retained mobile base station sites to                               Unearned finance income                                                                                         (99)      (118)
    telecommunication tower companies. In addition, the Group subleases retail stores to franchise                        Net investment in leases - as disclosed in note 14 ‘Trade and other receivables’                                441         460
    partners in certain markets and leases out surplus assets (e.g. vacant offices and retail stores) to
    other companies.                                                                                                  The Group has no material lease income arising from variable lease payments.
                                                                                                                      
    Lessor transactions are classified as operating or finance leases based on whether the lease
    transfers substantially all of the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of the asset. Leases are
    individually assessed, but generally, the Group’s lessor transactions in the year are classified as:
    
    – Operating leases where the Group provides wholesale access to its fibre and cable networks, provides
      routers or similar equipment to fixed customers or is lessor of space on owned mobile base stations;
      and
         Strategic report                        Governance                                   Financials                             Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         183


                                                                                                                                     The fair value of the Group’s financial liabilities held at amortised cost approximate to fair value with the
        21. Borrowings                                                                                                               exception of long-term bonds with a carrying value of €32,285 million (2025: €34,873 million) which have
                                                                                                                                     a fair value of €29,432 million (2025: €31,325 million). Fair value is based on level 1 of the fair value
    The Group’s sources of borrowing for funding and liquidity purposes come from a range                                            hierarchy using quoted market prices.
    of committed bank facilities and through short-term and long-term issuances in the                                               The Group’s borrowings, which mainly include certain bonds that have been designated in hedge
    capital markets including bond and commercial paper issues and bank loans. Liabilities                                           relationships, are carried at €839 million (2025: €899 million) higher than their euro equivalent
    arising from the Group’s lease arrangements are also reported in borrowings; see note                                            redemption value. In addition, where bonds are issued in currencies other than euros, the Group has
                                                                                                                                     entered into foreign currency swaps to fix the euro cash outflows on redemption. The impact of these
    20 ‘Leases’. We manage the basis on which we incur interest on debt between fixed                                                swaps is not reflected in borrowings and would increase the euro equivalent redemption value of the
    interest rates and floating interest rates depending on market conditions using interest                                         bonds by €173 million (2025: decrease by €1,132 million).
    rate derivatives. The Group enters into foreign exchange contracts to mitigate the impact
                                                                                                                                     Commercial paper programmes
    of exchange rate movements on certain monetary items.
                                                                                                                                     The Group currently have US and euro commercial paper programmes of US$15 billion (€13 billion) and
    Accounting policies                                                                                                              €10 billion respectively which are available to be used to meet short-term liquidity requirements. At
    Interest-bearing bonds, loans and overdrafts are initially measured at fair value (which is equal to cost at                     31 March 2026 both programmes remained undrawn. The commercial paper facilities were supported by
    inception), and are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method.                           US$4.0 billion (€3.5 billion) and €4.1 billion of syndicated committed bank facilities. No amounts had
    Where they are identified as a hedged item in a designated fair value hedge relationship, fair value                             been drawn under these facilities.
    adjustments are recognised in accordance with our policy (see note 22 ‘Capital and financial risk                                Bonds
    management’). Any difference between the proceeds net of transaction costs and the amount due on
    settlement or redemption of borrowings is recognised over the term of the borrowing.                                             We have two €30 billion euro medium-term note programmes and a US shelf programme which are
                                                                                                                                     used to meet medium to long-term funding requirements. At 31 March 2026 the total nominal amounts in
    Borrowings                                                                                                                       issue under these programmes split by currency were US$16.0 billion, €15.4 billion, £2.7 billion,
                                                                                                                                    CHF0.2 billion, HKD$1.8billion, AUS$0.3 billion, JPY10.0 billion.
                                                                                                                2026          2025
                                                                                                                 €m             €m   At 31 March 2026 the Group had bonds outstanding with a nominal value equivalent to €33.0 billion.
        Non-current borrowings                                                                                                       During the year ended 31 March 2026, bonds with a nominal value of £0.5 billion (€0.6 billion) and
                                                                                                                                     €4.8 billion were issued utilising the euro medium-term note programme. During the year bonds with
         Bonds                                                                                              32,285        34,873
                                                                                                                                     nominal value of US$2.5 billion (€2.1 billion), £1.7 billion (€1.9 billion) and €1.1 billion were re-purchased
         Bank loans                                                                                          1,209         1,009     and bonds with a carrying value of €1.3 billion, £0.2 billion (€0.2 billion) and NOK 0.2billion (€20 million)
         Lease liabilities (note 20 ‘Leases’)                                                                9,587         8,480     matured. Bonds mature between 2026 and 2086 (2025: 2025 and 2086) and have interest rates
         Other borrowings1                                                                                   2,425         1,734     between 0.5% and 8% (2025: 0.5% and 8%).
                                                                                                            45,506        46,096     Treasury shares
        Current borrowings
                                                                                                                                     The Group held a maximum of 2,122,987,551 (2025: 2,305,697,477) of its own shares during the year
         Bonds                                                                                               1,543         1,529     which represented 8.0% (2025: 8.2%) of issued share capital at that time.
         Bank loans                                                                                            174           204     
         Lease liabilities (note 20 ‘Leases’)                                                                2,801         2,346
         Collateral liabilities                                                                              1,644         2,357
         Other borrowings1                                                                                     968           611
                                                                                                             7,130         7,047
        Borrowings                                                                                          52,636        53,143
    Note:
    


    1. Includes €996 million (2025: €700 million) and €492 million (2025: €187 million) of licence and spectrum fees payable, and
       €295 million (2025: €307 million) and €258 million (2025: €196 million) of supplier payables classified as borrowings, in
       non-current and current borrowings respectively. The supplier payables classified as borrowings predominantly comprise
       payables for software licences which are received up-front but charged to the Group via annual or other deferred
       instalments.
         184   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                   Governance                              Financials                            Other information



                                                                                                                    Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, exercised
        22. Capital and financial risk management                                                                   or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting. When hedge accounting is discontinued, any gain or loss
                                                                                                                    recognised in other comprehensive income at that time remains in equity and is recognised in the
    This note details the treasury management and financial risk management objectives                              income statement when the hedged transaction is ultimately recognised in the income statement.
    and policies, as well as the exposure and sensitivity of the Group to credit, liquidity,                        For cash flow hedges, when the hedged item is recognised in the income statement, amounts previously
    interest and foreign exchange risk, and the policies in place to monitor and manage                             recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity for the hedging instrument are
    these risks.                                                                                                    reclassified to the income statement. However, when the hedged transaction results in the recognition of
                                                                                                                    a non-financial asset or a non-financial liability, the gains and losses previously recognised in other
    Accounting policies                                                                                             comprehensive income and accumulated in equity are transferred from equity and included in the initial
                                                                                                                    measurement of the cost of the non-financial asset or non-financial liability. If a forecast transaction is no
    Financial instruments                                                                                           longer expected to occur, the gain or loss accumulated in equity is recognised immediately in the income
    Financial assets and financial liabilities, in respect of financial instruments, are recognised on the          statement.
    Group’s consolidated statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
    provisions of the instrument.                                                                                   For net investment hedges, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are included
                                                                                                                    in the income statement when the foreign operation is disposed of.
    Financial liabilities and equity instruments
                                                                                                                    Capital management
    Financial liabilities and equity instruments issued by the Group are classified according to the substance
    of the contractual arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity         The following table summarises the capital of the Group at 31 March:
    instrument. An equity instrument is any contract that provides a residual interest in the assets of the         
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2026       2025
    Group after deducting all of its liabilities and includes no obligation to deliver cash or other financial                                                                                                     €m          €m
    assets. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities and equity instruments are set out
    below.                                                                                                              Borrowings (note 21)                                                                  52,636   53,143
                                                                                                                        Cash and cash equivalents (note 19)                                                   (8,982) (11,001)
    Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting                                                               Derivative and other financial instruments included in trade and other receivables
    The Group’s activities expose it to the financial risks of changes in foreign exchange rates and interest           (note 14)                                                                             (2,975)    (4,197)
    rates which it manages using derivative financial instruments. The use of financial derivatives is                  Derivative and other financial instruments included in trade and other payables
    governed by the Group’s policies approved by the Board of Directors, which provide written principles on            (note 15)                                                                              1,812      1,906
    the use of financial derivatives consistent with the Group’s risk management strategy. The Group does
    not use derivative financial instruments for speculative purposes.                                                  Non-current investments in sovereign securities (note 13)                               (915)      (913)
                                                                                                                        Short-term investments (note 13)                                                      (3,431)    (5,280)
    The Group designates certain derivatives as:
    
                                                                                                                        Collateral assets (note 13)                                                           (1,169)    (1,010)
    – hedges of the change in fair value of recognised assets and liabilities (‘fair value hedges’);                    Financial liabilities under put option arrangements                                      107         97
                                                                                                                       Equity                                                                                54,365     53,916
    – hedges of highly probable forecast transactions or hedges of foreign currency or interest rate risks of
      firm commitments (‘cash flow hedges’); or                                                                         Capital                                                                               91,448     86,661
    
    – hedges of net investments in foreign operations.                                                              The Group’s policy is to borrow centrally using a mixture of long-term and short-term capital market
                                                                                                                    issues and borrowing facilities to meet anticipated funding requirements. These borrowings, together
    Derivative financial instruments are initially measured at fair value on the contract date and are              with cash generated from operations, are loaned internally or contributed as equity to certain
    subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date. Changes in values of all derivatives of a         subsidiaries.
    financing nature are included within investment income and financing costs in the income statement
    unless designated in an effective cash flow hedge relationship or a hedge of a net investment in foreign        Dividends from associates and joint ventures and to non-controlling shareholders
    operations when the effective portion of changes in value are deferred to other comprehensive income.           Dividend policies within shareholder agreements for certain of the Group’s associates and joint ventures
    Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship, and through periodic              give the Group certain rights to receive dividends but are generally paid at the discretion of the Board of
    prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the                Directors or shareholders. We do not have existing obligations to pay dividends to non-controlling
    hedged item and hedging instrument. For fair value hedges, the carrying value of the hedged item is             interest partners of our subsidiaries. The amount of dividends received and paid in the year are
    also adjusted for changes in fair value for the hedged risk, with gains and losses recognised in the            disclosed in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
    income statement.                                                                                               
      Strategic report                     Governance                             Financials                       Other information                                        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                     185


    22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)                                                          Credit risk
                                                                                                                   Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial asset leading
    Sale of trade receivables                                                                                      to a financial loss for the Group. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating, investing
                                                                                                                   and financing activities. The Group considers its maximum exposure to credit risk at 31 March to
    During the year, the Group sold certain trade receivables to a number of financial institutions. Whilst
    there are no repurchase obligations in respect of these receivables, the Group provided credit                 be:
                                                                                                                   
    guarantees which would only become payable if default rates were significantly higher than historical                                                                                                                             2026         2025
    rates. The credit guarantee is not considered substantive and substantially all risks and rewards                                                                                                                                  €m            €m
    associated with the receivables passed to the purchaser at the date of sale, therefore the receivables
                                                                                                                       Cash and bank deposits (note 19)                                                                          5,274         8,871
    were derecognised. The maximum payable under the guarantees at 31 March 2026 was €1,868 million
    (2025: €1,765 million). No provision has been made in respect of these guarantees as the likelihood of a           Money market funds (note 19)                                                                              3,708         2,130
    cash outflow has been assessed as remote.                                                                          Managed investment funds (note 13)                                                                        3,214         3,141
    Supply chain financing arrangements                                                                                Bonds and debt securities (note 13)                                                                       1,220         4,013
                                                                                                                       Collateral assets (note 13)                                                                               1,169         1,010
    The Group offers eligible suppliers the opportunity to use supply chain financing, allowing suppliers that
    decide to use it to receive payment earlier than the invoice due date (see note 15 ‘Trade and other                Other investments (note 13)                                                                               2,170         1,134
    payables’). The Group does not provide any financial guarantees to the financial institutions that run the         Derivative and other financial instruments (note 14)                                                      2,975         4,197
    supply chain financing programme and continues to cash settle supplier payables in accordance with                 Trade receivables (note 14)1                                                                              6,473         5,717
    their contractual terms.
                                                                                                                       Contract assets and other receivables (note 14)                                                           4,829         4,605
    Financial risk management                                                                                          Financial Guarantees2                                                                                     1,034         1,518
    The Group’s treasury function centrally manages the Group’s funding requirement, net foreign exchange                                                                                                                       32,066        36,336
    exposure, interest rate management exposures and counterparty risk arising from investments and
                                                                                                                   Notes:
    derivatives. Treasury operations are conducted within a framework of policies and guidelines authorised        



    and reviewed by the Board, most recently in May 2025. Treasury risk management is overseen by a                1. Includes amounts guaranteed under sales of trade receivables €1,868 million (2025: €1,765 million).
    committee comprising of the Group’s Chief Financial Officer, Group General Counsel and Company                 2. Principally comprises Vodafone Group Plc’s guarantee of the Group’s share in a multicurrency loan facility, amounting to
                                                                                                                   US$0.5 billion and €0.6 billion (2025: US$1.0 billion and €0.6 billion), which forms part of its overall joint venture investment in
    Secretary, Group Corporate Finance Director, Group Treasury Director and Group Director of Financial           TPG Telecom Ltd. The Group’s share of these loan balances is included in the net investment in joint venture (see note 12
    Controlling and Operations. The committee receives management information relating to treasury                 ‘Associates and joint arrangements’).
    activities on a quarterly basis. The Group’s Internal Auditor reviews the internal control environment         
    regularly.
    Certain borrowings in Vodacom Group are subject to a maximum leverage ratio covenant that is tested
    on a periodic basis. Vodacom Group was in compliance with all financial covenants throughout the
    reporting period. No bonds issued by the Group or the Revolving Credit Facilities are subject to financial
    covenant ratios. Approximately €30 billion (2025: €30 billion) of issued bonds have a change of control
    clause. The Group uses derivative instruments for currency and interest rate risk management purposes
    that are transacted by specialist treasury personnel. The Group mitigates banking sector credit risk by
    the use of collateral support agreements.
    The Group’s financial risk management policies seek to reduce the Group’s exposure to any future
    disruption to financial markets, including any future impacts from global economic and political
    uncertainty and other macro economic events.
    The Group has combined cash and cash equivalent and investments included in net debt of
    €13.3 billion, providing significant headroom over short-term liquidity requirements. Additionally the
    Group maintains undrawn revolving credit facilities of €7.6 billion euro equivalent. As at 31 March 2026
    and after hedging, substantially all the Group’s borrowings are held on a fixed interest basis, mitigating
    exposure to interest rate risk. The Group has no significant currency exposures other than positions in
    economic hedging relationships. The Group’s credit risk under financing activities is spread across a
    portfolio of highly rated institutions to reduce counterparty exposures and derivative balances are
    substantially all collateralised. The Group’s operating activities result in customer credit risk, for which
    provisions for expected credit losses are recognised.
         186      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                  Governance                                       Financials                                       Other information



                                                                                                                    For trade receivables the expected credit loss provision is calculated using a provision matrix, in which
        22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)                                                       the provision increases as balances age, and for receivables paid in instalments and contract assets a
                                                                                                                    weighted loss rate is calculated to reflect the period over which the amounts become due for payment by
    Financing activities                                                                                            the customer. Trade receivables and contract assets are written off when each business unit determines
    The Group invests in government securities on the basis they generate a fixed rate of return and are            there to be no reasonable expectation of recovery and enforcement activity has ceased.
    amongst the most creditworthy of investments available.                                                         Movements in the allowance for expected credit losses during the year were as follows:
                                                                                                                    
    Investments are made in accordance with established internal treasury policies which dictate the scaled                                                                                                                         Trade receivables held
    maximum exposure permissible in relation to an investment’s long-term credit rating. The Group invests                                                                                        Trade receivables held             at fair value through
    in AAA unsecured money market mutual funds, where the investment is limited to 10% of each fund; A to                                                            Contract assets                 at amortised cost           other comprehensive income
    AAA government securities, both directly and through money market mutual funds; and has two                                                                       2026              2025            2026           2025              2026              2025
                                                                                                                                                                       €m                 €m             €m              €m                €m                €m
    managed investment funds that hold securities with an average credit quality of AA.
                                                                                                                        1 April                                        46                20           865              765               77               78
    In respect of financial instruments used by the Group’s treasury function, the aggregate credit risk the            Exchange movements                             (1)                1           (24)              (7)               –                –
    Group may have with one counterparty is limited by reference to the long-term credit ratings assigned
    for that counterparty. Furthermore, collateral support agreements reduce the Group’s exposure to                    Amounts charged to credit
    counterparties who must post cash or non-cash collateral when there is value due to the Group under                 losses on financial assets                     48                85           319              360               62               31
    outstanding derivative contracts that exceeds a contractually agreed threshold amount. When value is                Other1                                          4               (60)         (229)            (253)             (78)             (32)
    due to the counterparty the Group is required to post collateral on identical terms. Such cash collateral is        31 March                                       97                46           931              865               61               77
    adjusted daily as necessary. Non-cash collateral is not recognised in the statement of financial position
    but it would become payable to the Group in the event of a counterparty default on the related derivative       Note:
                                                                                                                    


    financial assets.                                                                                               1. Primarily utilisation of the provision by way of write-off.

    In the event of any default, ownership of the collateral would revert to the respective holder at that point.   Expected credit losses are presented as net credit losses on financial assets within operating profit and
    Detailed below is the value of the cash collateral, which is reported within current borrowings, held by        subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.
    the Group at 31 March.
                                                                                                                   The majority of the Group’s trade receivables are due for maturity within 90 days and largely comprise
                                                                                                 2026        2025   amounts receivable from consumers and business customers. The table below presents information on
                                                                                                  €m           €m   trade receivables past due¹ and their associated expected credit losses:
                                                                                                                    
        Collateral liabilities (note 21)                                                      1,644       2,357                                                                                 Trade receivables at amortised cost past due
                                                                                                                                                                                     30 days         31–60            61–180               180
                                                                                                                                                                      Due             or less          days             days             days+            Total
    In addition, as discussed in note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’, the Group has                  31 March 2026                                  €m                 €m            €m                €m                €m              €m
    covenanted to provide security in favour of the trustee of the Vodafone Group UK Pension Scheme in                  Gross carrying amount                     2,878                538           252              280              889            4,837
    respect of the funding deficit in the scheme. The Group has also pledged cash as collateral against                 Expected credit loss
    derivative financial instruments as disclosed in note 13 ‘Other investments’.                                       allowance                                   (53)               (49)          (30)            (126)            (673)            (931)
    Operating activities                                                                                                Net carrying amount                       2,825                489           222              154              216            3,906
                                                                                                                    
    Customer credit risk is managed by the Group’s business units which each have policies, procedures                                                                                          Trade receivables at amortised cost past due
    and controls relating to customer credit risk management. Outstanding trade receivables and contract                                                                             30 days         31–60            61–180               180
    assets are regularly reviewed to monitor any changes in credit risk with concentrations of credit risk                                                            Due             or less          days             days             days+            Total
    considered to be limited given that the Group’s customer base is large and unrelated. The Group applies             31 March 2025                                  €m                 €m            €m                €m                €m              €m
    the simplified approach and records lifetime expected credit losses for trade receivables and contract              Gross carrying amount                     2,553                400           134              284              736            4,107
    assets. Expected credit losses are measured using historical cash collection data for periods of at least           Expected credit loss
    24 months wherever possible and grouped into various customer segments based on product or                          allowance                                   (67)               (59)          (27)            (129)            (583)            (865)
    customer type. The historical loss rates are adjusted where macroeconomic factors, for example                      Net carrying amount                       2,486                341           107              155              153            3,242
    changes in interest rates or unemployment rates, or other commercial factors are expected to have a
    significant impact when determining future expected credit loss rates.                                          Note:
                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                    1. Contract assets relate to amounts not yet due from customers. These amounts will be reclassified as trade receivables
                                                                                                                       before they become due. Trade receivables at fair value through other comprehensive income are not materially past due.
                                                                                                                    
          Strategic report                   Governance                               Financials                                Other information                                        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                      187


                                                                                                                                Notes:
        22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)                                                                   


                                                                                                                                1. Maturities reflect contractual cash flows applicable except in the event of a change of control or event of default, upon which
                                                                                                                                   lenders have the right, but not the obligation, to request payment within 30 days. This also applies to undrawn committed
                                                                                                                                   facilities. There is no debt that is subject to a material adverse change clause. Where there is a choice of contractual cash
    Liquidity risk                                                                                                                 flow dates, principally on ‘hybrid bonds’, the expected settlement date is used.
                                                                                                                                

    Liquidity is reviewed daily on at least a 12-month rolling basis and stress tested on the assumption that                   2. Includes spectrum licence payables with maturity profile €215 million (2025: €187 million) within one year, €215 million
    any commercial paper outstanding matures and is not reissued. The Group maintains substantial cash                             (2025: €187 million) in one to two years, €215 million (2025: €187 million) in two to three years, €215 million (2025: €187
    and cash equivalents which at 31 March 2026 amounted to cash €9.0 billion (2025: €11.0 billion) and                            million) in three to four years, €89 million (2025: €187 million) in four to five years and €60 million (2025: €89 million) in more
    undrawn committed facilities of €7.6 billion (2025: €8.0 billion), principally US dollar and euro revolving                    than five years. Also includes €1,644 million (2025: €2,357 million) in relation to cash received under collateral support
                                                                                                                                   agreements shown within 1 year.
    credit facilities of US$4.0 billion (€3.5 billion) and €4.1 billion and which mature in 2028 and 2031                       



    respectively. The Group manages liquidity risk on non-current borrowings by maintaining a varied                            3. Includes financial liabilities under put option arrangements and non-derivative financial liabilities presented within trade and
                                                                                                                                   other payables.
    maturity profile with a cap on the level of debt maturity in any one calendar year, therefore minimising
    refinancing risk. Non-current borrowings mature between 1 and 60 years.                                                     The maturity profile of the Group’s financial derivatives (which include interest rate swaps, cross-
    The maturity profile of the anticipated future cash flows including interest in relation to the Group’s                     currency interest rate swaps and foreign exchange swaps) using undiscounted cash flows, is as follows:
                                                                                                                                
    non-derivative financial liabilities on an undiscounted basis which, therefore, differs from both the                                                                                           2026                                       2025
    carrying value and fair value, is as follows:                                                                                                                                     Payable1    Receivable1          Total     Payable1    Receivable1         Total
                                                                                                                                                                                          €m             €m             €m           €m             €m            €m
                                                                                                          Trade
                                                                                                 payables and                       Within one year                                 (9,341)         9,866            525        (8,207)         8,792          585
                                                             Lease                       Total   other financial                    In one to two years                             (2,924)         3,266            342        (5,780)         6,180          400
                               Bank loans      Bonds      liabilities     Other2   Borrowings        liabilities3       Total
        Maturity profile1              €m        €m               €m         €m            €m                 €m          €m        In two to three years                           (3,001)         3,425            424        (2,363)         2,807          444
        Within one year           175        3,003        3,241         2,609        9,028          13,089          22,117          In three to four years                          (4,056)         4,343            287        (5,782)         6,326          544
        One to two years          175        2,047        2,546         1,005        5,773             469           6,242          In four to five years                           (2,168)         2,483            315        (4,174)         4,666          492
        Two to three years        394        2,444        1,972           729        5,539               –           5,539          In more than five years                        (46,662)        50,331          3,669       (47,357)        53,987        6,630
        Three to four years        62        5,559        1,441           481        7,543               –           7,543                                                         (68,152)        73,714          5,562       (73,663)        82,758        9,095
        Four to five years         75        4,490        1,269           255        6,089               –           6,089          Effect of discount/financing rates                                            (4,399)                                   (6,804)
        More than five                                                                                                              Financial derivative net receivable                                            1,163                                     2,291
        years                     766       36,386        4,265          247       41,664                    –      41,664      Note:
                                                                                                                                
                                1,647       53,929     14,734           5,326      75,636           13,558          89,194      1. Payables and receivables are stated separately in the table above where cash settlement is on a gross basis.
        Effect of discount /                                                                                                    
        financing rates          (264)      (20,101)   (2,346)           (289)     (23,000)            (26)         (23,026)
        31 March 2026           1,383        33,828    12,388           5,037       52,636          13,532           66,168

        Within one year           223        3,626        2,765         2,969        9,583          11,719          21,302
        One to two years          171        4,426        2,081           253        6,931             138           7,069
        Two to three years         79        2,034        1,756           673        4,542               –           4,542
        Three to four years       176        2,628        1,434           469        4,707               –           4,707
        Four to five years         69        4,893          965           422        6,349               –           6,349
        More than five
        years                     769       41,898        3,868            90      46,625                    –      46,625
                                1,487       59,505     12,869           4,876      78,737           11,857          90,594
        Effect of discount /
        financing rates          (274)      (23,103)   (2,043)           (174)     (25,594)             (8)         (25,602)
        31 March 2025           1,213        36,402    10,826           4,702       53,143          11,849           64,992
      188     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                 Governance                           Financials                            Other information



                                                                                                                  The Group income statement is exposed to foreign exchange risk from both the generation of profits and
    22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)                                                         losses in currencies other than euro and from the translation of balance sheet items not held in
                                                                                                                  functional currency.
    Market risk
                                                                                                                  The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to foreign exchange risk as an impact on profit before
    Interest rate management                                                                                      tax. Each incremental 10% movement in foreign currency exchange rates would have approximately the
    Under the Group’s interest rate management policy, interest rates on long-term monetary assets and            same effect as the initial 10% detailed in the table.
    liabilities are principally maintained on a fixed rate basis.                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Change in exchange rates
    At 31 March 2026 and after hedging, substantially all of our bonds are held on a fixed interest rate basis        31 March 2026                                                      Weakening 10% €m    Strengthening 10% €m
    in accordance with treasury policy.
                                                                                                                      EGP                                                                             (68)                    83
    For each one hundred basis point rise in market interest rates for all currencies in which the Group had          TRY                                                                             (40)                    49
    borrowings at 31 March 2026 there would be a decrease in profit before tax by €9 million (2025:
    €26 million decrease) including mark to market revaluations of interest rate and other derivatives and the        ZAR                                                                             (41)                    50
    potential interest on cash and short-term investments. For each one hundred basis point fall in market            GBP                                                                              60                    (79)
    interest rates for all currencies in which the Group had borrowings at 31 March 2026 there would be an        
    increase in profit before tax by €19 million (2025: €39 million increase). There would be no material                                                                                        Change in exchange rates
    impact on equity.                                                                                                 31 March 2025                                                      Weakening 10% €m    Strengthening 10% €m
    At 31 March 2026, the Group had limited exposure through interest rate derivatives and floating rate              EGP                                                                            (50)                     61
    bonds referencing LIBOR and other interbank offered rates (IBORs).
                                                                                                                      TRY                                                                            (24)                     29
    Foreign exchange management                                                                                       ZAR                                                                          (101)                     124
    As Vodafone’s primary listing is on the London Stock Exchange its share price is quoted in sterling.              GBP                                                                             66                     (88)
    Since the sterling share price represents the value of its future multi-currency cash flows, principally in
    euro, South African rand and sterling, the Group maintains the currency of debt and interest charges in       In 2026 the Group changed the presentation of sensitivity to foreign exchange risk by presenting the
    proportion to its expected future principal cash flows and has a policy to hedge external foreign             sensitivity using a 10% change in the foreign exchange rates instead of the percentage based on the
    exchange risks on transactions denominated in other currencies above a certain de minimis level.              average exchange rates movement in the previous three annual reporting periods. The change was
    At 31 March 2026, 11% of net debt was denominated in currencies other than euro (8% South African             done to improve comparability with prior reporting periods and does not have a material impact on
    rand and 3% other). This allows South African rand to be serviced in proportion to expected future cash       financial statements.
    flows and therefore provides a partial economic hedge against income statement translation exposure.          Equity risk
    Under the Group’s foreign exchange management policy, foreign exchange transaction exposure in                A 10% change in the share price of AST would have a €105 million impact on the value of the Group’s
    Group companies is generally maintained at the lower of €5 million per currency per month or €15 million      equity investment. There is no other material equity risk relating to the Group’s equity investments. See
    per currency over a six-month period.                                                                         note 13 ‘Other investments’ for further information.
                                                                                                                  
    The Group recognises foreign exchange movements in equity for the translation of net investment
    hedging instruments and balances treated as investments in foreign operations. However, there is no
    net impact on equity for exchange rate movements on net investment hedging instruments as there
    would be an offset in the currency translation of the foreign operation. At 31 March 2026 the Group held
    financial liabilities in a net investment hedge against the Group’s South African rand operations.
    Sensitivity to foreign exchange movements on the hedging liabilities, analysed against a strengthening
    of the South African rand by 10% would result in a decrease in equity of €112 million (2025: €131 million)
    which would be fully offset by foreign exchange movements on the hedged net assets. Weakening of the
    South African Rand by 10% would result in an increase of equity of €91 million (2025: €107 million). In
    addition, cash flow hedges of principally US dollar borrowings would result in an increase in equity of
    €235 million (2025: €372million) against a strengthening of US dollar by 10% and a decrease in equity of
    €192 million (2025: €304 million) against a weakening of US dollar by 10%.
      Strategic report                    Governance                            Financials                        Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         189


                                                                                                                  The fair values of the derivative financial instruments are calculated by discounting the future cash flows
    22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)                                                         to net present values using appropriate market rates and foreign currency rates prevailing at 31 March.
                                                                                                                  The valuation basis is level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. This classification comprises items where fair
    Risk management strategy of hedge relationships                                                               value is determined from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset and liability,
                                                                                                                  either directly or indirectly. Derivative financial assets and liabilities are included within trade and other
    The risk strategies of the designated cash flow, fair value, and net investment hedges reflect the above
                                                                                                                  receivables and trade and other payables in the statement of financial position.
    market risk strategies.
                                                                                                                  
    The objective of the cash flow hedges is principally to convert foreign currency denominated fixed rate
    borrowings in US dollar, Pound sterling, Australian dollar, Swiss franc, Hong Kong dollar, Japanese yen,
    Norwegian krona and floating rate borrowings into euro fixed rate borrowings and hedge the foreign
    exchange spot rate and interest rate risk. There are also cash flow hedges of certain subsidiary
    expenditure not denominated in functional currency of the entity, to hedge foreign exchange risk.
    Derivative financial instruments designated in cash flow hedges are cross-currency interest rate swaps
    and foreign exchange swaps and forwards. The swap maturity dates and liquidity profiles of the nominal
    cash flows match those of the underlying borrowings and exposures.
    The objective of the net investment hedges is to hedge foreign exchange risk in foreign operations.
    Derivative financial instruments designated in net investment hedges are cross-currency interest rate
    swaps and foreign exchange swaps. The hedging instruments are rolled on an ongoing basis as
    determined by the nature of the business.
    Hedge effectiveness is determined at the inception of the hedge relationship and through periodic
    prospective effectiveness assessments to ensure that an economic relationship exists between the
    hedged item and hedging instrument.
    For hedges of foreign currency denominated borrowings and investments, the Group uses a
    combination of cross-currency and foreign exchange swaps to hedge its exposure to foreign exchange
    risk and interest rate risk and enters into hedge relationships where the critical terms of the hedging
    instrument match with the terms of the hedged item. Therefore, the Group expects a highly effective
    hedging relationship with the swap contracts and the value of the corresponding hedged items to
    change systematically in the opposite direction in response to movements in the underlying exchange
    rates and interest rates. The Group therefore performs a qualitative assessment of effectiveness. If
    changes in circumstances affect the terms of the hedged item such that the critical terms no longer
    match with the critical terms of the hedging instrument, the Group uses the hypothetical derivative
    method to assess effectiveness. Hedge ineffectiveness may occur due to:
    a) The fair value of the hedging instrument on the hedge relationship designation date if the fair value is
    not nil;
    b) Changes in the contractual terms or timing of the payments on the hedged item; and
    c) A change in the credit risk of the Group or the counterparty with the hedging instrument.
    The hedge ratio for each designation will be established by comparing the quantity of the hedging
    instrument and the quantity of the hedged item to determine their relative weighting; for all of the
    Group’s existing hedge relationships the hedge ratio has been determined as 1:1.
         190     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                           Strategic report                              Governance                                         Financials                               Other information



        22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)

    The table below shows the carrying values and nominal amounts of derivatives in a continued hedge relationship as at 31 March.
    

                                                                                                                                                                                         Other comprehensive income                              Weighted average
                                                                                                                                        Carrying        Carrying          Opening      (Gain)/loss     Gain/(Loss)            Closing                                  Euro
                                                                                                                          Nominal         value             value          balance       deferred      recycled to            balance     Maturity                  interest
                                                                                                                          amounts        assets         liabilities    1 April 2025        to OCI  financing costs     31 March 20261        year       FX rate         rate
        At 31 March 2026                                                                                                      €m             €m                 €m               €m            €m              €m                  €m                                     %
        Cash flow hedges - foreign currency risk2
        Cross-currency and foreign exchange swaps:
        - US dollar bonds                                                                                               13,964          1,230              324          (1,061)           974                (860)           (947)         2044         1.15         3.69
        - Australian dollar bonds                                                                                          163              –                8              (1)            (1)                  2               –          2027         1.56         1.58
        - Swiss franc bonds                                                                                                204             46                –              (9)            (8)                  5             (12)         2030         1.08         1.53
        - Pound sterling bonds                                                                                           3,154              –              284             489            114                (461)            142          2044         0.85         4.43
        - Hong Kong dollar bonds                                                                                           199             10                –              (1)            10                 (15)             (6)         2028         9.14         1.62
        - Japanese yen bonds                                                                                                78              –               24              (3)            10                  (7)              –          2037       128.53         2.47
        - Norwegian krona bonds                                                                                              –              –                –               –              1                  (1)              –             –            –            –
        - Foreign exchange forwards3                                                                                         –              –                –               –              6                   –               6             –            –            –
        Cash flow hedges - foreign currency and interest rate risk2
        Net investment hedge - foreign exchange risk4
        Cross currency and foreign exchange swaps - South African rand investment                                        1,024             89                –              994           17                   –            1,011          2027         17.86        2.53
                                                                                                                        18,786          1,375              640              408        1,123              (1,337)             194
    
                                                                                                                                                                                         Other comprehensive income                              Weighted average
                                                                                                                                       Carrying        Carrying          Opening      (Gain)/loss        Gain/(Loss)          Closing                                  Euro
                                                                                                                         Nominal         value             value          balance       deferred         recycled to          balance     Maturity                  interest
                                                                                                                         amounts        assets         liabilities    1 April 2024        to OCI     financing costs   31 March 20251        year       FX rate         rate
        At 31 March 2025                                                                                                     €m             €m                 €m               €m            €m                 €m                €m                                     %
        Cash flow hedges - foreign currency risk2
        Cross-currency and foreign exchange swaps:
        - US dollar bonds                                                                                              16,097          2,245             138             (810)          (307)                 56           (1,061)         2044         1.15         3.51
        - Australian dollar bonds                                                                                         163              –              11              (13)            14                  (2)              (1)         2027         1.56         1.58
        - Swiss franc bonds                                                                                               204             37               –              (10)           (23)                 24               (9)         2030         1.08         1.53
        - Pound sterling bonds                                                                                          4,642             58             444              333             86                  70              489          2043         0.86         3.84
        - Hong Kong dollar bonds                                                                                          216             20               –                –             (4)                  3               (1)         2028         9.14         1.62
        - Japanese yen bonds                                                                                               78              –              14               (6)             2                   1               (3)         2037       128.53         2.47
        - Norwegian krona bonds                                                                                            25              –               4               (5)             3                   2                –          2025         9.25         0.37
        - Foreign exchange forwards3                                                                                        –              –               –              (42)            (1)                 43                –             –            –            –
        Cash flow hedges - foreign currency and interest rate risk2
        Net investment hedge - foreign exchange risk4
        Cross currency and foreign exchange swaps - South African rand investment                                       1,203            124                –             898             96                  –                994         2026         17.62        2.76
                                                                                                                       22,628          2,484              611             345           (134)               197                408
    Notes:
    

    1. Fair value movement deferred into other comprehensive income includes €55 million loss (2025: €200 million gain) and €1 million loss (2025: €1 million gain) of foreign currency basis outside the cash flow and net investment hedge relationships respectively.
    

    2. Hedge ineffectiveness of the swaps designated in a cash flow hedge during the period was €19 million (2025: €28 million).
    

    3. Hedge ineffectiveness of swaps designated in a net investment hedge during the period was €nil (2025: €nil).

    The carrying value of bonds includes an additional €382 million loss (2025: €457 million loss) in relation to fair value of other bonds previously designated in fair value hedge relationships.
    
         Strategic report                   Governance                                    Financials                                       Other information                                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                             191


    22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)

    Changes in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities                                                                    

    The tables below present the changes in assets and liabilities arising from financing activities at
    31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025.
                                                                                                                                          
                                                                      Derivative and                                      Assets and                                                                                  Derivative and                                     Assets and
                                                                      other financial        Financial                       liabilities                                                                              other financial       Financial                       liabilities
                                                                          instrument         liabilities                          from                                                                                    instrument        liabilities                          from
                                                                         assets and             under           Other       financing                                                                                    assets and            under           Other       financing
                                                         Borrowings         liabilities    put options     liabilities1      activities                                                                 Borrowings          liabilities   put options     liabilities1      activities
                                                                 €m                 €m               €m              €m              €m                                                                         €m                  €m              €m             €m               €m

        1 April 2025                                     53,143           (2,291)                  97          194        51,143               1 April 2024                                              56,987             (2,702)                –          105        54,390
        Cash movements                                                                                                                         Cash movements
        Proceeds from issuance of long-term                                                                                                    Proceeds from issuance of long-term
        borrowings                                         6,081                  –                  –             –        6,081              borrowings                                                 4,680                   –                –              –        4,680
        Repayment of borrowings                          (11,924)                 –                  –             –      (11,924)             Repayment of borrowings                                  (12,963)                  –                –              –      (12,963)
        Net movement in short-term borrowings               (502)                 –                  –             –         (502)             Net movement in short-term borrowings                         78                   –                –              –           78
        Net movement in derivative and other financial                                                                                         Net movement in derivative and other financial
        instruments                                            –                73                  –           –              73              instruments                                                     –              404                  –           –             404
        Interest paid                                     (2,227)               28                 10         (68)         (2,257)             Interest paid                                              (2,975)             348                  4         (82)         (2,705)
        Purchase of treasury shares                            –                 –                  –      (2,041)         (2,041)             Purchase of treasury shares                                     –                –                  –      (1,868)         (1,868)
        Non-cash movements                                                                                                                     Non-cash movements
        Fair value movements                                  –              (14)                 –             –            (14)              Fair value movements                                           –                (45)               –            –            (45)
        Foreign exchange                                 (1,642)           1,276                  –            (1)          (367)              Foreign exchange                                             121                 61                –           (4)           178
        Interest costs                                    2,324             (235)                 –            57          2,146               Interest costs                                             2,196               (356)               –           43          1,883
        Net lease additions                               3,190                –                  –             –          3,190               Net lease additions                                        4,361                  –                –            –          4,361
        Acquisition of subsidiaries                       4,209                –                  –             –          4,209               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    –                  –                –            –              –
        Other                                               (16)               –                  –         2,000          1,984               Other                                                        658                 (1)              93        2,000          2,750
        31 March 2026                                    52,636           (1,163)               107           141         51,721               31 March 2025                                             53,143             (2,291)              97          194         51,143
                                                                                                                                           Notes:
                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                           1. Movement in Other liabilities primarily relate to share buyback programmes.
                                                                                                                                           
      192     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report                Governance                                  Financials                                      Other information



    22. Capital and financial risk management (continued)                                                        Net financial instruments
                                                                                                                 The table below shows the Group’s financial assets and liabilities that are subject to offset in the balance
                                                                                                                 sheet and the impact of enforceable master netting or similar agreements.
    Fair value and carrying value information                                                                    
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
    The carrying value and valuation basis of the Group’s financial assets are set out in notes 13 ‘Other
                                                                                                                                                                                            Amounts      Right of set off    Collateral
    investments’, 14 ‘Trade and other receivables’ and 19 ‘Cash and cash equivalents’. For all financial                                                                                presented in     with derivative   (liabilities)/
    assets held at amortised cost the carrying values approximate fair value except as disclosed in note 13                                                Gross amount Amount set off balance sheet     counterparties        assets1      Net amount
    ‘Other investments’.                                                                                             At 31 March 2026                               €m            €m             €m                  €m               €m            €m
                                                                                                                     Derivative and other financial
    The carrying value and valuation basis of the Group’s financial liabilities are set out in notes 15 ‘Trade       instrument assets                          2,975              –        2,975               (921)        (1,599)            455
    and other payables’ and 21 ‘Borrowings’. The carrying values approximate fair value for the Group’s
    trade payables and other payables categories. For other financial liabilities a comparison of fair value         Derivative and other financial
    and carrying value is disclosed in note 21 ‘Borrowings’.                                                         instrument liabilities                    (1,812)             –       (1,812)               921          1,169             278
                                                                                                                     Total                                      1,163              –        1,163                  –           (430)            733
    Level 3 financial instruments
    Following the completion of the sale of Vodafone Spain on 31 May 2024 (See note 7 ‘Discontinued
                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Related amounts not set off in the balance sheet
    operations and assets held for sale’), the Group received the non-cash consideration component                                                                                          Amounts      Right of set off    Collateral
    in the form of €900 million Redeemable Preference Shares (‘RPS’) issued by EJLSHM Funding                                                                                           presented in     with derivative   (liabilities)/
                                                                                                                                                           Gross amount Amount set off balance sheet     counterparties        assets1      Net amount
    Ltd (‘EJLSHM’). The RPS were redeemed in January 2026. The Zegona shares were recorded at                        At 31 March 2025                               €m            €m             €m                  €m               €m            €m
    fair value through profit and loss and had a fair value of €937 million on 31 March 2025.                        Derivative and other financial
                                                                                                                     instrument assets                          4,197              –        4,197             (1,146)        (2,357)            694
    In the prior year, the valuation approach for the Zegona shares reflected the contractual terms of               Derivative and other financial
    the RPS arrangement and utilised a bespoke option model which drew on observable Level 2                         instrument liabilities                    (1,906)             –       (1,906)             1,146          1,010             250
    market data inputs, including bond yields, share prices, and foreign exchange rates. The model                   Total                                      2,291              –        2,291                  –         (1,347)            944
    also includes certain key inputs that requires judgement. These included the timing settlement of
                                                                                                                 Note:
    the RPS liability to the Group, Zegona’s share price volatility and the share’s expected dividend            

                                                                                                                 1. Excludes non-cash collateral of €609 million (2025: €613 million) which is not recognised on balance sheet, but which would
    yield.                                                                                                          become payable to the Group in the event of a counterparty default on the related derivative financial assets.

                                                                                                                 Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                                 when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
                                                                                                                 settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. Derivative financial
                                                                                                                 instruments that do not meet the criteria for offset could be settled net in certain circumstances under
                                                                                                                 ISDA (‘International Swaps and Derivatives Association’) agreements where each party has the option to
                                                                                                                 settle amounts on a net basis in the event of default from the other. Collateral may be offset and net
                                                                                                                 settled against derivative financial instruments in the event of default by either party. The
                                                                                                                 aforementioned collateral balances are recorded in notes 13 ‘Other investments’ or 21 ‘Borrowings’
                                                                                                                 respectively.
                                                                                                                 
         Strategic report                       Governance                                   Financials                       Other information                            Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026     193


        23. Directors and key management compensation                                                                             24. Employees

    This note details the total amounts earned by the Company’s Directors and members of                                      This note shows the average number of people employed by the Group during the year,
    the Executive Committee.                                                                                                  in which areas of our business our employees work and where they are based. It also
                                                                                                                              shows total employment costs.
    Directors                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                          2026         2025        2024
    Aggregate emoluments of the Directors of the Company were as follows:                                                                                                                            Employees    Employees   Employees
    

                                                                                                    2026        2025   2024
                                                                                                     €m           €m     €m
                                                                                                                                  By activity
                                                                                                                                  Operations                                                         15,371       15,440      15,707
        Short-term remuneration                                                                       9          8      8
                                                                                                                                  Selling and distribution                                           20,695       21,830      22,928
        Long-term incentive schemes1                                                                  2          1      1
                                                                                                                                  Customer care and administration                                   56,922       55,564      57,647
                                                                                                     11          9      9
    
                                                                                                                                                                                                     92,988       92,834      96,282
    Note:
    1. Relates to share-based payments.                                                                                           By segment
                                                                                                                                  Germany                                                            13,568       14,341      15,115
    No Directors serving during the year exercised share options in the year ended 31 March 2026 (2025:                           UK                                                                 12,416        9,332       9,640
    None; 2024: None).
                                                                                                                                  Other Europe                                                       11,635       11,744      11,441
    Key management compensation                                                                                                   Africa                                                             14,676       14,036      13,578
    Aggregate compensation for key management, being the Directors and members of the Executive                                   Türkiye                                                             3,143        3,164       3,126
    Committee, was as follows:                                                                                                    Common Functions                                                   37,550       36,163      34,273
    

                                                                                                    2026        2025   2024       - Of which: Shared operations                                      36,790       35,338      33,359
                                                                                                     €m           €m     €m
                                                                                                                                  - Of which: Corporate services                                        760          825         914
        Short-term employee benefits1                                                               27          24     27                                                                            92,988       88,780      87,173
        Share-based payments                                                                         9           9      7         Discontinued operations                                                 –        4,054       9,109
                                                                                                    36          33     34         Total                                                              92,988       92,834      96,282
    Note:
    

    1. Includes termination payments to Executive Committee members of €0.6 million (2025: €nil; 2024: €nil).                 The cost incurred in respect of these employees (including Directors) was:
                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                           2026        2025       2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                            €m           €m         €m

                                                                                                                                  Wages and salaries                                                   4,521       4,369        4,674
                                                                                                                                  Social security costs                                                  602         512          497
                                                                                                                                  Other pension costs (note 25 ‘Post employment benefits’)               248         245          217
                                                                                                                                  Share-based payments (note 26 ‘Shared-based payments’)                 103         110          110
                                                                                                                                                                                                       5,474       5,236        5,498
                                                                                                                                  Discontinued operations                                                  –         286          748
                                                                                                                                  Total                                                                5,474       5,522        6,246
                                                                                                                              
         194    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                             Strategic report                 Governance                              Financials                          Other information



        25. Post employment benefits                                                                                            Income statement expense/(income)
                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2026           2025    2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  €m              €m      €m
    The Group operates a number of Defined Benefit and Defined Contribution retirement                                              Defined contribution plans                                                  210        194         183
    plans for our employees. The Group’s largest defined benefit plan is in the UK. For                                             Defined benefit plans                                                        38         51          34
    further details see ‘Critical accounting judgements and key sources of estimation
                                                                                                                                    Total amount charged to staff costs (note 24 ‘Employees’)                   248        245         217
    uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’.
                                                                                                                                    Defined benefit net interest income in financing costs                       (5)        (4)         –
    Accounting policies                                                                                                             Total amount charged to income statement                                    243        241         217
    For defined benefit retirement plans, the difference between the fair value of the plan assets and the
    present value of the plan liabilities is recognised as an asset or a liability on the consolidated statement                Defined benefit plans
    of financial position. Defined benefit plan liabilities are assessed using the projected unit funding method                The Group’s retirement policy is to provide competitive pension provision, in each operating country, in
    and applying the principal actuarial assumptions at the reporting period date. Assets are valued at                         line with the market median for that location. The Group’s preferred retirement provision is focused on
    market value.                                                                                                               Defined Contribution arrangements and/or State provision for future service.
    Actuarial gains and losses are taken to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for defined                      The Group’s main defined benefit funding liability is the Vodafone UK Group Pension Scheme
    benefit plans or consolidated income statement for cash leaver plans as incurred. For this purpose,                         (‘Vodafone UK plan’). Since June 2014 the Vodafone UK plan has consisted of two segregated sections:
    actuarial gains and losses comprise both the effects of changes in actuarial assumptions and                                the Vodafone Section and the Cable & Wireless Section (‘CWW Section’). Both sections are closed to
    experience adjustments arising from differences between the previous actuarial assumptions and what                         new entrants and to future accrual. The Group also operates smaller funded and unfunded plans in the
    has actually occurred. The return on plan assets, in excess of interest income, and costs incurred for the                  UK, funded and unfunded plans in Germany and a funded plan in Ireland. Defined benefit pension
    management of plan assets are also taken to other comprehensive income.                                                     provision exposes the Group to actuarial risks such as longer than expected longevity of participants,
                                                                                                                                lower than expected return on investments and higher than expected inflation, which may increase the
    Other movements in the net surplus or deficit are recognised in the consolidated income statement,                          liabilities or reduce the value of assets of the plans.
    including the current service cost, any past service cost and the effect of any settlements. The interest
    cost less the expected interest income on assets is also charged to the consolidated income statement.                      The main defined benefit plans are administered by trustee boards which are legally separate from the
    The amount charged to the consolidated income statement in respect of these plans is included within                        Group and consist of representatives who are employees, former employees or are independent from
    operating costs, profit or loss or in the Group’s share of the results of equity accounted operations, as                   the Group. The trustee boards of the pension plans are required by legislation to act in the best interest
    appropriate.                                                                                                                of the participants, set the investment strategy and contribution rates and are subject to statutory funding
                                                                                                                                regimes.
    The Group’s contributions to defined contribution pension plans are charged to the consolidated income
    statement as they fall due.                                                                                                 The Vodafone UK plan is registered as an occupational pension plan with HM Revenue and Customs
                                                                                                                                (‘HMRC’) and is subject to UK legislation and operates within the framework outlined by the Pensions
    Background                                                                                                                  Regulator. UK legislation requires that pension plans are funded prudently and that valuations are
    At 31 March 2026 the Group operated a number of retirement plans for the benefit of its employees                           undertaken at least every three years. Separate valuations are required for the Vodafone Section and
    throughout the world, with varying rights and obligations depending on the conditions and practices in                      CWW Section.
    the countries concerned. The Group’s philosophy is to provide access to defined contribution retirement
    plans where feasible and to manage legacy defined benefit retirement arrangements. Defined benefit                          The trustees obtain regular actuarial valuations to check whether the statutory funding objective is met
    plans provide benefits based on the employees’ length of pensionable service and their final                                and whether a recovery plan is required to restore funding to the level of the agreed technical provisions.
    pensionable salary or other criteria. Defined contribution plans offer employees individual funds that are                  The 31 March 2022 triennial actuarial valuation for the Vodafone Section and CWW Section of the
    converted into benefits at the time of retirement.                                                                          Vodafone UK plan showed a net surplus of £248 million (€284 million) on the funding basis, comprising
                                                                                                                                of a £97 million (€111 million) surplus for the Vodafone Section and a £151 million (€173 million) surplus
    The Group operates defined benefit plans in Germany, India, Ireland, Italy1, the UK, the United States                      for the CWW Section. Accordingly, no further contributions were made during the three years to
    and defined benefit indemnity plans in Greece, DRC and Türkiye. Defined contribution plans are                              31 March 2025 as agreed with the Trustees.
    currently provided in Albania, Egypt, Germany, Greece, India, Ireland, Italy1, Portugal, South Africa and
    the UK.                                                                                                                     The triennial actuarial valuation as at 31 March 2025 is at an advanced stage and will be completed in
                                                                                                                                2026. The Group has reflected the outcome of the mortality analysis carried out for the 2025 actuarial
    Note:
    
                                                                                                                                valuation in its chosen accounting assumptions and updated the accounting valuation to reflect
    1. Vodafone Italia S.p.A’s (‘Vodafone Italy’s’) defined contribution and defined benefit schemes have been transferred to   experience emerging from the 2025 actuarial valuation.
       Swisscom AG (see note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’). However, some small Group Italian schemes remain.
                                                                                                                                These plan-specific actuarial valuations differ to the IAS 19 ‘Employee Benefits’ accounting basis, which
                                                                                                                                is used to measure pension assets and liabilities presented in the Group’s consolidated statement of
                                                                                                                                financial position.
                                                                                                                                
         Strategic report                     Governance                             Financials                         Other information                                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                195


        25. Post employment benefits (continued)
                                                                                                                        Actuarial assumptions
    Funding plans are individually agreed for each of the Group’s other defined benefit plans with the                  The Group’s plan liabilities are measured using the projected unit credit method using the principal
    respective trustees or governing board, taking into account local regulatory requirements. It is expected           actuarial assumptions set out below:
    that contributions of €19 million will be paid into the Group’s defined benefit plans during the year ending        
    31 March 2027. The Group has also provided certain guarantees in respect of the Vodafone UK plan;                                                                                                                     2026        2025      2024
    further details are provided in note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’ to the consolidated                                                                                                              %           %         %
    financial statements.                                                                                                   Weighted average actuarial assumptions used at 31 March1
    The investment strategy for the UK plans is controlled by the trustees in consultation with the Group and               Rate of inflation2                                                                           3.0          2.8       2.9
    the plans have no direct investments in the Group’s equity securities or in property or other assets                    Rate of increase in salaries3                                                                3.3          3.1       3.0
    currently used by the Group. The allocation of assets between different classes of investment is                        Discount rate                                                                                5.6          5.1       4.5
    reviewed regularly and is a key factor in the trustee investment policy. The trustees aim to achieve the
    plan’s investment objectives through investing partly in a diversified mix of growth assets which, over the         Notes:
                                                                                                                        
    long term, are expected to grow in value by more than the low-risk assets. The low-risk assets include              1. Figures shown represent a weighted average assumption of the individual plans.
                                                                                                                        
    cash and gilts, inflation and interest rate hedging and in-substance insured pensioner annuity policies in          2. The rate of increase in pensions in payment and deferred revaluation are dependent on the rate of inflation.
    both the Vodafone Section and CWW Section of the Vodafone UK plan and an insured pensioner                          

                                                                                                                        3. Relates only to schemes open to future accrual primarily in Germany, Ireland and India.
    annuity policy in the Vodafone Ireland Pension Plan. A number of investment managers are appointed to
    promote diversification by assets, organisation and investment style and current market conditions and              Mortality assumptions used are based on recommendations from the individual local actuaries which
    trends are regularly assessed, which may lead to adjustments in the asset allocation.                               include adjustments for the experience of the Group where appropriate. The Group’s largest plan is the
    The key risks in relation to the Vodafone UK plan are set out below, alongside a summary of the steps               Vodafone UK plan. Life expectancies assumed for the UK plans are 22.0/23.6 years (2025: 22.5/24.3
    taken to mitigate each risk                                                                                         years) for a male/female pensioner currently aged 65 years and 23.0/25.2 years (2025: 23.5/25.4 years)
    
                                                                                                                        from age 65 for a male/female non-pensioner member currently aged 40.
        Risk description                               Mitigation                                                       Charges made to the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive
                                                                                                                        income (‘SOCI’) on the basis of the assumptions stated above are shown in the table below.
        Investment strategy risk                       The plan adopts a liability driven investment framework, by      
        Underperformance of the investment             investing in assets that aim to match the characteristics of                                                                                                       2026        2025      2024
        strategy relative to the changes in the        the Vodafone UK Plan’s liabilities. This can help to hedge                                                                                                          €m           €m        €m
        Vodafone UK Plan’s liabilities, which are      the risk of future changes in interest rate and inflation and        Current service cost                                                                          32              36    42
        sensitive to interest rates and inflation,     also reduce balance sheet volatility.
                                                                                                                            Net past service cost                                                                          6              15     –
        potentially leading to shortfalls in meeting
        pension obligations.                                                                                                Net interest income included within staff costs                                                –               –    (8)
                                                                                                                            Total net cost included within staff costs                                                    38              51    34
        Longevity risk                                 The Vodafone UK Plan’s funding targets include a margin
                                                       for prudence to reflect uncertainty in future life expectancy.       Net interest income included in financing costs                                               (5)             (4)    –
        Pensions paid by the Vodafone UK Plan
        are guaranteed for life, and, therefore, if    Both sections of the Vodafone UK Plan have pensioner                 Total net cost included within profit and loss                                                33              47    34
        members are expected to live longer, the       annuity policies which help reduce exposure to changes in            Actuarial (gains) / losses recognised in the SOCI                                             (5)             12    77
        liabilities increase.                          longevity. Longevity risk is also monitored by the trustees
                                                       on a regular basis through its risk management framework.        

        Regulatory risk                                There is open communication with the trustees and
        Changes in pension regulations and             advisors of the Vodafone UK Plan to understand the impact
        accounting standards can impact the            of any changes in regulation and to proactively address
        Group’s pension obligations and reporting      potential resulting risks.
        requirements.
         196     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           Strategic report                        Governance                                     Financials                                       Other information



                                                                                                                      The table below provides an analysis of the net surplus for the Group as a whole.
        25. Post employment benefits (continued)                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        2026            2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         €m               €m
    Duration of the benefit obligations
                                                                                                                          Analysis of net surplus:
    The weighted average duration of the defined benefit obligation at 31 March 2026 is 12 years (2025: 13
    years).                                                                                                               Total fair value of plan assets                                                                           4,739           4,854
                                                                                                                          Present value of funded plan liabilities                                                                 (4,561)         (4,722)
    Fair value of the assets and present value of the liabilities of the plans
                                                                                                                          Net surplus for funded plans                                                                                178             132
    The amount included in the consolidated statement of financial position arising from the Group’s
    obligations in respect of its defined benefit plans is as follows:                                                    Present value of unfunded plan liabilities                                                                  (96)            (77)
    

                                                                                Assets    Liabilities   Net surplus       Net surplus                                                                                                  82              55
                                                                                   €m             €m            €m        Net surplus is analysed as:
        1 April 2024                                                          5,148      (5,072)             76           Assets1                                                                                                     288             242
        Service cost                                                              –         (51)            (51)          Liabilities                                                                                                (206)           (187)
        Interest income/(cost)                                                  229        (225)              4       Note:
                                                                                                                      
        Return on plan assets excluding interest income                        (467)          –            (467)      1. All net surpluses are reported as non-current assets in the consolidated statement of financial position. Pension assets are
        Actuarial gains arising from changes in demographic assumptions           –           6               6          deemed to be recoverable and there are no adjustments in respect of minimum funding requirements as economic benefits
                                                                                                                         are available to the Group either in the form of future refunds or, for plans still open to benefit accrual, in the form of possible
        Actuarial gains arising from changes in financial assumptions             –         465             465          reductions in future contributions.
        Actuarial losses arising from experience adjustments                      –         (16)            (16)
                                                                                                                      An analysis of net surplus is provided below for the Vodafone UK plan, which is a funded plan. As part of
        Employer cash contributions                                              41           –              41       the merger of the Vodafone UK plan and the Cable and Wireless Worldwide Retirement Plan
        Member cash contributions                                                19         (19)              –       (‘CWWRP’) plan on 6 June 2014 the assets and liabilities of the CWW Section are segregated from the
        Benefits paid                                                          (192)         192              –       Vodafone Section and hence are reported separately below.
                                                                                                                      
        Exchange rate movements                                                  84         (79)              5                                                                                          CWW Section                 Vodafone Section
        Other movements                                                          (8)          –              (8)                                                                                          2026           2025          2026           2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                           €m              €m            €m             €m
        31 March 2025                                                         4,854      (4,799)             55
                                                                                                                          Analysis of net surplus:
        Service cost                                                              –         (38)            (38)
                                                                                                                          Total fair value of plan assets                                             1,529          1,640           1,781          1,805
        Interest income/(cost)                                                  237        (232)              5
                                                                                                                          Present value of plan liabilities                                          (1,452)        (1,550)         (1,681)        (1,750)
        Return on plan assets excluding interest income                         (35)          –             (35)
                                                                                                                          Net surplus1                                                                   77             90             100             55
        Actuarial gains arising from changes in demographic assumptions           –          55              55
                                                                                                                      Note:
        Actuarial gains arising from changes in financial assumptions             –         173             173       

                                                                                                                      1. All net surpluses are reported as non-current assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.
        Actuarial losses arising from experience adjustments                      –        (188)           (188)
                                                                                                                      
        Employer cash contributions                                              46           –              46
        Member cash contributions                                                16         (16)              –
        Benefits paid                                                          (221)        221               –
        Exchange rate movements                                                (149)        167              18
        Other movements                                                          (9)          –              (9)
        31 March 2026                                                         4,739      (4,657)             82
         Strategic report                        Governance                  Financials                          Other information                                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        197


        25. Post employment benefits (continued)                                                                 Sensitivity analysis
                                                                                                                 Measurement of the Group’s defined benefit retirement obligation is sensitive to changes in certain key
                                                                                                                 assumptions. The sensitivity analysis below shows how a reasonably possible increase or decrease in a
    Fair value of plan assets                                                                                    particular assumption would, in isolation, result in an increase or decrease in the present value of the
    

                                                                                            2026          2025   defined benefit obligation as at 31 March 2026.
                                                                                             €m             €m   
                                                                                                                                                                                          Rate of increase
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                            35           61                                                       Rate of inflation        in salaries           Discount rate        Life expectancy
        Equity investments:                                                                                                                                      Decrease Increase       Decrease   Increase   Decrease Increase     Decrease Increase
                                                                                                                                                                  by 0.5% by 0.5%         by 0.5%    by 0.5%    by 0.5% by 0.5%      by 1 year by 1 year
          With quoted prices in an active market                                           450           471                                                           €m           €m         €m         €m         €m         €m         €m         €m
          Without quoted prices in an active market                                         35            37
                                                                                                                     (Decrease)/increase in the present
        Debt and derivative instruments:                                                                             value of the defined benefit
          With quoted prices in an active market                                          1,140         1,042        obligation1                                   (158)       169           (2)         2       253       (229)       (119)      117
          Without quoted prices in an active market1                                      1,599         1,719    Note:
        Property:                                                                                                

                                                                                                                 1. The sensitivity analysis may not be representative of an actual change in the defined benefit obligation as it is unlikely that
          With quoted prices in an active market                                            12            17        changes in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another. In presenting this sensitivity analysis, the change in the
          Without quoted prices in an active market                                        291           313        present value of the defined benefit obligation has been calculated on the same basis as prior years using the projected unit
                                                                                                                    credit method at the end of the year, which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability
        Investment funds                                                                   602           572        recognised in the statement of financial position. The rate of inflation assumption sensitivity factors in the impact of changes
        Annuity policies                                                                                            to all assumptions relating to inflation including the rate of increase in salaries, pension increases and deferred revaluations.
          Without quoted prices in an active market                                        575           622     
        Total                                                                             4,739         4,854
    Note:
    

    1. Includes immaterial amounts of derivative instruments.

    The fair value of plan assets, which have been measured in accordance with IFRS 13 ‘Fair Value
    Measurement’, are analysed by asset category above and are subdivided by assets that have a quoted
    market price in an active market and those that do not, such as investment funds. Where available, the
    fair values are quoted prices (e.g. listed equity, sovereign debt and corporate bonds). Unlisted
    investments without quoted prices in an active market (e.g. private equity) are included at values
    provided by the fund manager in accordance with relevant guidance. Other significant assets are valued
    based on observable inputs such as yield curves. The Vodafone UK plan annuity policies fully match the
    pension obligations of those pensioners insured and therefore are set equal to the present value of the
    related obligations. Investment funds of €602 million at 31 March 2026 (2025: €572 million) includes
    investments in private equity and investment grade corporate bond funds held across both sections of
    the Vodafone UK plan.
    The actual return on plan assets over the year to 31 March 2026 was a gain of €202 million (2025:
    €238 million loss).
         198   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               Strategic report                Governance                             Financials                                     Other information



        26. Share-based payments                                                                                Movements in outstanding ordinary share options
                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                              Ordinary share options
    The Group has a number of share plans used to award shares to Executive Directors                                                                                                                      2026            2025           2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Millions        Millions        Millions
    and employees as part of their remuneration package. A charge is recognised over the
                                                                                                                    1 April                                                                                 65            70              62
    vesting period in the consolidated income statement to record the cost of these, based                          Granted                                                                                  4            13              63
    on the fair value of the award on the grant date.                                                               Forfeited                                                                               (1)           (1)             (1)
                                                                                                                    Exercised                                                                               (2)            –               –
    Accounting policies                                                                                             Expired                                                                                 (7)          (17)            (54)
    The Group issues equity-settled share-based awards to certain employees. Equity-settled share-based             31 March                                                                                59            65              70
    awards are measured at fair value (excluding the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions) at the          Weighted average exercise price:
    date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of the equity-settled share-based award is           1 April                                                                             £0.62          £0.66           £0.87
    expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of the shares          Granted                                                                             £0.70          £0.61           £0.58
    that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market-based vesting conditions. A                 Forfeited                                                                           £0.63          £0.63           £0.81
    corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital is also recognised.                                        Exercised                                                                           £0.72          £0.58           £1.06
                                                                                                                    Expired                                                                             £0.76          £0.74           £0.82
    Some share awards have an attached market condition, based on total shareholder return (‘TSR’),                 31 March                                                                            £0.61          £0.62           £0.66
    which is taken into account when calculating the fair value of the share awards. The valuation for the
    TSR is based on Vodafone’s ranking within the same group of companies, where possible, over the past        Summary of options outstanding
    five years.                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                                               31 March 2026                        31 March 2025
    The fair value of awards of non-vested shares is a calculation of the closing price of the Company’s                                                            Outstanding    Weighted     Weighted Outstanding    Weighted Weighted
    shares on the day prior to the grant date, adjusted for the present value of the delay in receiving                                                                 Millions       price     Months      Millions        price Months
    dividends where appropriate.                                                                                    Vodafone Group Sharesave Plan:
                                                                                                                    £0.58 - £1.28                                           59     £0.61              14          65       £0.62           23
    The maximum aggregate number of ordinary shares which may be issued or transferred from Treasury
    in respect of share options or share plans will not (without shareholder approval) exceed:                  Share awards
    
    – 10% of the ordinary share capital of the Company in issue immediately prior to the date of grant, when    Movements in non-vested shares are as follows:
                                                                                                                
      aggregated with the total number of ordinary shares which have been allocated in the preceding ten                                                                  2026                       2025                       2024
      year period under all plans; and                                                                                                                                        Weighted                    Weighted                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                           average fair                average fair             average fair
    – 5% of the ordinary share capital of the Company in issue immediately prior to the date of grant, when                                                                     value at                   value at                 value at
      aggregated with the total number of ordinary shares which have been allocated in the preceding ten                                                            Millions grant date        Millions  grant date     Millions  grant date

      year period under all plans, other than any plans which are operated on an all-employee basis.                1 April                                          369         £0.77         317          £0.92       261            £1.14
                                                                                                                    Granted                                          153         £0.80         187          £0.70       177            £0.72
    Share options                                                                                                   Vested                                           (71)        £0.97         (85)         £1.09       (76)           £1.17
                                                                                                                    Forfeited                                        (74)        £0.81         (50)         £0.90       (45)           £0.99
    Vodafone Sharesave Plan
                                                                                                                    31 March                                         377         £0.74         369          £0.77       317            £0.92
    Under the Vodafone Sharesave Plan UK staff may acquire shares in the Company through monthly
                                                                                                                
    savings of up to £375 over a three and/or five year period. The savings may then be used to purchase
    shares at the option price, which is set at the beginning of the invitation period at a discount of up to
    20% to the then prevailing market price of the Company’s shares.
    Share plans
    Vodafone Group executive plans
    Under the Vodafone Global Incentive Plan awards of shares are granted to Directors and certain
    employees. The release of these shares is conditional upon continued employment and for some
    awards achievement of certain performance targets measured over a three year period.
      Strategic report                    Governance                             Financials                         Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026       199


    26. Share-based payments (continued)                                                                            Purchase of subsidiaries
                                                                                                                    The aggregate cash consideration in respect of the purchase of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired, is
                                                                                                                    summarised below.
    Other information                                                                                               
    The total fair value of shares vested during the year ended 31 March 2026 was £69 million (2025:                                                                                                              2026      2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   €m         €m
    £93 million; 2024: £89 million).
                                                                                                                        Net cash consideration paid
    The compensation cost included in the consolidated income statement in respect of share options and
    share plans was €103 million (2025: €112 million; 2024: €125 million) which is comprised principally of             Merger of Vodafone Limited and Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited in the UK                (31)       –
    equity-settled transactions.                                                                                        Acquisition of Cloudforce 1 GmbH (‘Skaylink’)                                          (175)        –
    The average share price for the year ended 31 March 2026 was 89.5 pence (2025: 71.3 pence; 2024:                    Other                                                                                   (37)       (9)
    74.7 pence).                                                                                                        Net cash acquired                                                                        50         –
                                                                                                                                                                                                              (193)       (9)
     27. Acquisitions and disposals
                                                                                                                    Merger of Vodafone Limited and Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited in the UK
                                                                                                                    On 31 May 2025, the Group and CK Hutchison Group Telecom Holdings Limited (‘CKHGT’), a wholly
    The note below provides details of acquisition and disposal transactions for the current                        owned subsidiary of CK Hutchison Holdings Limited (‘Hutchison’), transferred their UK
    year as well as those completed in the prior year. For further details see ‘Critical                            telecommunication businesses, respectively Vodafone Limited (‘Vodafone UK’) and Hutchison 3G UK
    accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty’ in note 1 ‘Basis of                            Holdings Limited (‘Three UK’), into VodafoneThree Holdings Limited (‘VTHL’). Following completion,
    preparation’ to the consolidated financial statements.                                                          VTHL is a subsidiary of the Group, in which the Group owns 51% of the issued share capital and
                                                                                                                    CKHGT indirectly owns 49%, and Vodafone UK and Three UK are wholly owned subsidiaries of VTHL.
    Accounting policies                                                                                             Consideration paid by the Group to Hutchison was 49% of Vodafone UK’s equity, subject to closing
    Business combinations                                                                                           adjustments that will be settled in cash. Vodafone UK and Three UK were contributed with differential
    Acquisitions of subsidiaries are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of the acquisition is     debt amounts owing to their respective shareholders at closing to achieve the required ownership
    measured at the aggregate of the fair values at the date of exchange of assets given, liabilities incurred      structure. The Group advanced loans of £6,010 million to VTHL, of which £1,684 million was utilised to
    or assumed and equity instruments issued by the Group. Acquisition-related costs are recognised in the          settle Three UK’s outstanding debt with Hutchison. In addition, Vodafone and Hutchison jointly
    consolidated income statement as incurred. The acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities are               contributed, in proportion to their shareholdings, a total of £600 million of equity funding on completion,
    recognised at their fair values at the acquisition date, which is the date on which control is transferred to   with a further total of £200 million jointly contributed in April 2026.
    the Group. Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount           As part of the transaction, Vodafone and Hutchison agreed a framework to enable Vodafone to acquire
    of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity       Hutchison’s 49% shareholding in VTHL through a Vodafone call or a Hutchison put option which may be
    interest in the acquiree, if any, over the net amount of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities           exercised at fair market value, subject to customary third party approvals and consents, and settled in
    assumed at the acquisition date. The interest of the non-controlling shareholders in the acquiree may           cash or new Vodafone Group Plc shares, at the Group’s option, subject to certain conditions. The call
    initially be measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling shareholders’ proportion of the net fair   and put options will become exercisable after three full financial years following closing, providing that
    value of the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed. The choice of        the fair market enterprise value of VTHL reaches a minimum of £16.5 billion until after the seventh
    measurement basis is made on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis.                                               financial year following completion, when this threshold will cease to apply to the exercise of the
    Acquisition of interests from non-controlling shareholders                                                      Hutchison put option. As the Group has the ability to settle the put option with Vodafone Group Plc
                                                                                                                    shares, no put option liability will initially be recorded.
    In transactions with non-controlling parties that do not result in a change in control, the difference          
    between the fair value of the consideration paid or received and the amount by which the non-controlling
    interest is adjusted, is recognised in equity.
    Disposals
    The difference between the carrying value of the net assets disposed of and the fair value of
    consideration received is recorded as a gain or loss on disposal. Foreign exchange translation gains or
    losses relating to subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associates that the Group has disposed of, and
    that have previously been recorded in other comprehensive income or expense, are also recognised as
    part of the gain or loss on disposal.
         200     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                Strategic report                           Governance                            Financials                            Other information



        27. Acquisitions and disposals (continued)                                                                                            Acquisition of Cloudforce 1 GmbH
                                                                                                                                              On 17 December 2025, the Group announced it had completed the acquisition of Cloudforce 1 GmbH
                                                                                                                                              (‘Skaylink’) for a total cash consideration of €175 million. The aggregate fair values of goodwill,
    A purchase price allocation has been performed as at 31 May 2025, the acquisition date, and is set out
                                                                                                                                              identifiable assets, liabilities recognised on acquisition were €107 million, €110 million and €42 million,
    in the table below.
    
                                                                                                                                              respectively. The acquisition enhances the Group’s cloud consulting and managed services capabilities
                                                                                                                                         €m   and has been accounted for as a business combination in accordance with IFRS 3, with Skaylink
                                                                                                                                              consolidated from the acquisition date.
        Other intangible assets1                                                                                                 2,555
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            3,457        Other transactions with non-controlling shareholders in subsidiaries
        Inventory                                                                                                                   43        The aggregate net cash received in respect of other transactions with non-controlling shareholders in
        Trade and other receivables                                                                                                867        subsidiaries was €100 million (2025: €8 million) including €125 million (2025: €25 million) received from
                                                                                                                                              Accenture Holdings B.V. for a non-controlling interest in Vodafone Shared Operations Limited.
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                   27
                                                                                                                                              
        Current and deferred taxation                                                                                               88
        Borrowings                                                                                                              (4,160)
        Trade and other payables                                                                                                  (675)
        Provisions                                                                                                                 (69)
        Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                                         2,133
        Non-controlling interests2                                                                                              (1,045)
        Goodwill3                                                                                                                1,358
        Total consideration4                                                                                                     2,446
    Notes:
    

    1. Identifiable intangible assets of €2,555 million consisted of acquired licences of €975 million, computer software of
       €887 million, customer relationships of €467 million and brand of €226 million.
    


    2. Measured at the non-controlling shareholders’ proportion of the net fair value of the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities
       and contingent liabilities assumed.
    


    3. The goodwill is attributable to future profits to be generated from new customers and the synergies expected to arise after
       the Group’s acquisition of the business.
    


    4. Includes closing adjustments of €178 million payable to Hutchison, of which €31 million was paid in the year.

    Transaction costs of €30 million were charged to Other (expense)/income in the Group’s consolidated
    income statement in the year ended 31 March 2026.
    From the date of acquisition, the acquired entities have contributed €2,302 million of revenue and a loss
    of €551 million is included in the loss for the financial year of the Group. If the acquisition had taken
    place at the beginning of the financial year, Group revenue would have been €40,957 million and the
    Group loss for the financial year would have been €155 million.
    As part of the merger of Vodafone and Three in the UK, the Group gave up a 49% interest in Vodafone
    UK to Hutchison, with consideration taking the form of 51% of Three UK’s equity, subject to closing
    adjustments that will be settled in cash. The Group recognised non-controlling interests of €1,208 million
    and a net gain of €603 million in retained earnings in relation to this transaction.
    Additionally, non-controlling interests of €348 million were recognised in relation to Hutchison’s
    proportionate contribution of the £600 million equity funding raised by VTHL on closing, this being settled
    by way of offset against amounts due to Hutchison.
         Strategic report                         Governance                                    Financials                           Other information                                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             201


        27. Acquisitions and disposals (continued)                                                                                   Vodafone Italy
                                                                                                                                     In the comparative year, on 31 December 2024, the Group announced it had completed the sale of
                                                                                                                                     Vodafone Italia S.p.A. (‘Vodafone Italy’) to Swisscom AG for €7,885 million in cash (subject to closing
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                                         accounts adjustments, which were finalised during the year ended 31 March 2026). €178 million of the
    The aggregate cash consideration in respect of the disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed, is as                         cash received relates to future services to be provided by the Group to Swisscom AG and was deferred
    follows:                                                                                                                         on the Group’s statement of financial position. The disposal resulted in a loss of €1,133 million in the
    

                                                                                                                    2026      2025
                                                                                                                                     comparative year.
                                                                                                                     €m         €m
                                                                                                                                     The table below summarises the net assets disposed on 31 December 2024 and the resulting loss.
        Cash consideration (paid)/received                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            €m
        Vodafone Spain                                                                                              (33) 3,669
        Vodafone Italy                                                                                              (98) 7,707           Goodwill                                                                                                       (2,398)
                                                                                                                                         Other intangible assets                                                                                        (3,479)
        Net cash disposed                                                                                            –     (155)
                                                                                                                                         Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  (5,230)
                                                                                                                   (131) 11,221
                                                                                                                                         Inventory                                                                                                        (122)
    Vodafone Spain                                                                                                                       Trade and other receivables                                                                                    (1,275)
    In the comparative year, on 31 May 2024, the Group announced it had completed the sale of Vodafone                                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         (64)
    Holdings Europe, S.L.U. (‘Vodafone Spain’) to Zegona Communications plc (‘Zegona’) for €4,069 million                                Current and deferred taxation                                                                                    (144)
    in cash (subject to closing accounts adjustments, which were finalised during the year ended 31 March
    2026) and up to €900 million of non-cash consideration in the form of redeemable preference shares,                                  Borrowings                                                                                                      2,089
    which were settled during the year ended 31 March 2026. €400 million of the cash received related to                                 Trade and other payables                                                                                        1,733
    future services to be provided by the Group to Zegona and was deferred on the Group’s statement of                                   Post employment benefits                                                                                           35
    financial position. The disposal resulted in a loss of €148 million in the comparative year.                                         Provisions                                                                                                        181
    The table below summarises the net assets disposed on 31 May 2024 and the resulting loss.                                            Net assets disposed                                                                                            (8,674)
    
                                                                                                                               €m
                                                                                                                                         Cash proceeds1                                                                                                  7,707
        Other intangible assets                                                                                              (996)       Other effects                                                                                                    (166)
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                      (5,058)       Net loss on disposal2                                                                                          (1,133)
                                                                                                                                     Notes:
        Other investments                                                                                                      (3)   


                                                                                                                                     1. Excludes €178 million of consideration related to future services to be provided by the Group to Swisscom AG.
        Inventory                                                                                                             (40)   


                                                                                                                                     2. Included in ‘Loss for the financial year - Discontinued operations’ in the consolidated income statement.
        Trade and other receivables                                                                                        (1,033)
                                                                                                                                     
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             (91)
        Current and deferred taxation                                                                                           2
        Borrowings                                                                                                          1,205
        Trade and other payables                                                                                            1,143
        Provisions                                                                                                            181
        Net assets disposed                                                                                                (4,690)
        Cash proceeds1                                                                                                      3,669
        Non-cash consideration (Zegona shares)2                                                                               807
        Other effects                                                                                                          66
        Net loss on disposal3                                                                                                (148)
    Notes:
    


    1. Excludes €400 million of consideration related to future services to be provided by the Group to Zegona.
    


    2. The non-cash consideration comprises an investment in Zegona shares with a fair value of €807 million at the transaction
       date.
    


    3. Included in ‘Loss for the financial year - Discontinued operations’ in the consolidated income statement.
         202     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                         Strategic report                   Governance                                 Financials                                  Other information



        28. Commitments                                                                                                            29. Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings

    A commitment is a contractual obligation to make a payment in the future, mainly in                                        Contingent liabilities are potential future cash outflows, where the likelihood of payment
    relation to agreements to buy assets such as mobile devices, network infrastructure and                                    is considered more than remote, but is not considered probable or cannot be measured
    IT systems and leases that have not commenced. These amounts are not recorded in                                           reliably.
    the consolidated statement of financial position since we have not yet received the                                        
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2026       2025
    goods or services from the supplier.                                                                                                                                                                                                   €m          €m

                                                                                                                                   Performance and payment bonds1                                                                         863      1,313
    Capital commitments                                                                                                        Note:
                                                                                                                               


    The amounts below are the minimum amounts that we are committed to pay.                                                    1. Performance bonds require the Group to make payments to third parties in the event that the Group does not perform what
                                                                                                                                 is expected of it under the terms of any related contracts or commercial arrangements.
                                                                                                                2026    2025
                                                                                                                 €m       €m
                                                                                                                               UK pension schemes
        Contracts placed for future capital expenditure not provided in the financial                                          The Group’s main defined benefit plan is the Vodafone UK Group Pension Scheme (‘Vodafone UK plan’)
        statements1                                                                                            3,292   2,264   which has two segregated sections, the Vodafone Section and the CWW Section, as detailed in note 25
    Notes:
    
                                                                                                                               ‘Post employment benefits’.
    1. Commitment includes contracts placed for property, plant and equipment and intangible assets.
                                                                                                                               The Group has covenanted to provide security in favour of both the Vodafone Section and CWW Section
    Leases entered into by the Group but not commenced at 31 March 2026 are disclosed in note 20                               when they are in a deficit position. The deficit is measured on a prescribed basis agreed between the
    ‘Leases’.                                                                                                                  Group and the Trustee, which differs from the IAS 19 accounting basis or the funding basis per the
                                                                                                                               triennial actuarial valuation reported in note 25 ‘Post employment benefits’. Consequently, the future
    In March 2023, the Group entered into an agreement with Altice Luxembourg S.A. to create a joint                           level of security may vary in line with movements in the Vodafone UK plan deficit. The Group provides
    venture, OXG Glasfaser Beteiligungs GmbH (‘OXG’), with 50.0% shareholding held by each                                     surety bonds as the security.
    shareholder. Each shareholder is committed to contribute funding of up to €950 million to OXG for the
    deployment of fibre-to-the-home in Germany. During the year ended 31 March 2026, the Group provided                        As at 31 March 2026, the Vodafone UK plan holds security over £100 million (€114 million) (notional
    €48 million (2025: €36 million) of capital contributions to OXG. The remaining funding commitment of                       value) for the Vodafone Section and no security is currently required for the CWW Section. The security
    €832 million is expected to be contributed between 2026 and 2029. The amount and timing of the                             may be substituted either on a voluntary or mandatory basis. The Company has also provided two
    funding depends on the speed and size of the fibre deployment. The contribution can be in the form of                      guarantees to the Vodafone Section of the Vodafone UK plan for a combined value up to £1.25 billion
    free capital reserves, shareholder loan, loan notes or similar instruments as agreed by the shareholders.                  (€1.43 billion) to provide security over the deficit under certain defined circumstances, including
                                                                                                                               insolvency of the employers. The Company has also issued a similar guarantee of up to £1.25 billion
                                                                                                                               (€1.43 billion) for the CWW Section.
                                                                                                                               An additional smaller UK defined benefit plan, the THUS Plc Group Scheme, has a guarantee from the
                                                                                                                               Company for up to £100 million (€114 million).
                                                                                                                               Under the terms of the merger of Vodafone UK and Three UK (see note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’),
                                                                                                                               the Group has provided an indemnity in relation to pre-existing pension funds. The Group will pay
                                                                                                                               Hutchison for any losses that it incurs, via its 49% equity interest in VodafoneThree, both as a result of
                                                                                                                               any payments to the Vodafone UK plan and of any amounts paid to the THUS Plc Group Scheme in
                                                                                                                               respect of service prior to 31 May 2025. The Group currently has no obligations that would be covered
                                                                                                                               by the indemnity. The value of any future contributions will depend on future movements in the values of
                                                                                                                               the assets and the liabilities held by the respective funds. The Group currently holds no material
                                                                                                                               provision in respect of this indemnity.
                                                                                                                               
         Strategic report                Governance                            Financials                        Other information                              Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026        203


        29. Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings (continued)                                             Tax cases
                                                                                                                 Netherlands tax case
    Vodafone Idea                                                                                                Vodafone Europe BV (‘VEBV’) received assessments totalling €267 million in tax and interest from the
                                                                                                                 Dutch tax authorities, who challenged the application of the arm’s length principle in relation to various
    As part of the agreement to merge Vodafone India and Idea Cellular in 2017, the parties agreed a             intra-group financing transactions. VEBV appealed against these assessments to the District Court of
    mechanism for payments (the ‘CLAM indemnity’) between the Group and Vodafone Idea Limited (‘VIL’)            the Hague where a hearing was held in March 2023. The District Court issued its judgement in July
    under which the Group would reimburse VIL in the event of the crystallisation and payment of certain         2023, upholding VEBV’s appeal in relation to the majority of issues and requiring the Dutch tax
    identified contingent liabilities. The Group’s maximum potential exposure under this mechanism was           authorities to significantly reduce its assessments. VEBV and the Dutch tax authorities subsequently
    capped at INR 64 billion (€585 million).                                                                     appealed the District Court’s judgement before the Court of Appeal of The Hague. A final decision from
    On 31 December 2025 the Group reached an agreement with VIL to settle the Group’s obligations under          the Court of Appeal is expected in late 2026.
    the CLAM via the following transactions:                                                                     The Group continues to believe it has robust defences but has recorded a provision of €27 million for tax
    
                                                                                                                 and accrued interest reflecting the July 2023 judgement and the Group’s current view of the probable
           - The Group will make cash payments totalling €219 million to VIL; there will be no net cash
                                                                                                                 financial outflow required to fully resolve the issue.
             outflow for the Group as these will be funded by VIL’s payment of €219 million of outstanding
             service charges; and                                                                                VISPL tax claims
         -   The Group has set aside 3,280 million of Vodafone Group’s shares in VIL for VIL’s benefit. VIL
                                                                                                                 Vodafone India Services Private Limited (‘VISPL’) has now closed all outstanding tax disputes with the
             will have the right to instruct Vodafone to sell these shares, in one or more tranches over up to
                                                                                                                 Indian tax authorities relating to Vodafone’s acquisition of Hutchison Essar (later renamed Vodafone
             five years, with any cash proceeds being transferred to VIL.
                                                                                                                 India Limited), including the five assessment years between 2008-09 and 2014-15. The tax amnesty
    The Group has recognised a liability of €256 million, based on the observable market value of the shares
                                                                                                                 was formally concluded in July 2025. The amnesty gave rise to an income statement tax charge of
    that have been assigned to VIL.
                                                                                                                 €185 million in the financial year ended 31 March 2025. No income statement tax charge arose in the
    Legal proceedings                                                                                            financial year ended 31 March 2026.
    The Group is currently involved in a number of legal proceedings, including inquiries from, or               Other cases in the Group
    discussions with, government authorities that are incidental to its operations.
                                                                                                                 Germany: price increase class action
    Legal proceedings where the Group considers that the likelihood of material future outflows of cash or       In November 2023, the Verbraucherzentrale Bundesverband (Federation of German Consumer
    other resources is more than remote are disclosed below. Where the Group assesses that it is probable        Organisations) initiated a class action against Vodafone Germany in the Hamm Higher Regional Court.
    that the outcome of legal proceedings will result in a financial outflow, and a reliable estimate can be     Vodafone Germany implemented price increases of €5 per month for fixed lines services in 2023 in
    made of the amount of that obligation, a provision is recognised for these amounts.                          response to higher costs. The claim alleges that terms regarding price increases in the consumer
                                                                                                                 contracts entered into by Vodafone Germany’s customers up until August 2023 are invalid under
    In all cases, determining the probability of successfully defending a claim against the Group involves the
                                                                                                                 German civil law and seeks reimbursement of the additional charges plus interest. Customers must
    application of judgement as the outcome is inherently uncertain. The determination of the value of any
                                                                                                                 enter their details onto the register of collective actions on the Federal Office of Justice website in order
    future outflows of cash or other resources, and the timing of such outflows, involves the use of
                                                                                                                 to participate in the claim. The register opened in April 2024 and as at 31 March 2026, approximately
    estimates. The costs incurred in complex legal proceedings, regardless of outcome, can be significant.
                                                                                                                 115,100 customers had registered. Vodafone Germany filed its defence in August 2024. Proceedings in
    The Group is not involved in any material proceedings in which any of the Group’s Directors, members         the class action have been suspended pending the outcome of a referral to the Court of Justice of the
    of senior management or affiliates are either a party adverse to the Group or have a material interest       European Union in a related case.
    adverse to the Group.
                                                                                                                 Whilst the Group intends to defend the claim, it is not able to determine the likelihood or estimate the
                                                                                                                 amount of any possible financial loss at this stage of the proceedings.
                                                                                                                 Germany: claims regarding transfer of data to credit agencies
                                                                                                                 Individual consumers are bringing claims against Vodafone Germany and/or the other national network
                                                                                                                 operators for GDPR infringement relating to the transfer of data to credit agencies without consent.
                                                                                                                 Vodafone Germany’s position is that the transfer of information about the existence of a consumer
                                                                                                                 contract is justified for fraud prevention purposes.
                                                                                                                 The Group will continue to defend these claims. However, the Group now considers the risk of a material
                                                                                                                 financial impact to be remote.
                                                                                                                 
      204     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                  Strategic report                  Governance                            Financials                              Other information



                                                                                                                    Following hearings in February and May 2023, the Court of Appeal dismissed both of the appeals, in the
    29. Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings (continued)                                                    case of the Papistas claimants because the stamp duty payments had again not been made. The
                                                                                                                    Papistas claimants filed a further appeal before the Supreme Court in August 2025. There was a further
    Germany: investigation by competition authority regarding 1&1                                                   hearing in February 2025 about one aspect of the appeal proceedings (a claim for damages of €2.1
    In December 2021 1&1 entered into an agreement with Vantage Towers for the provision of                         million) which the Court of Appeal referred back to the Athens Court of First Instance in August 2025.
    infrastructure for tower sites. Vantage Towers sub-contracted certain aspects of the delivery under the         Vodafone is continuing vigorously to defend the claims and based on the progress of the litigation so far
    agreement to Vodafone Germany.                                                                                  the Group believes that it is highly unlikely that there will be an adverse ruling for the Group. On this
    In March 2023, Vodafone Germany and Vodafone Group (together ‘Vodafone’) were informed that 1&1                 basis, the Group does not expect the outcome of these claims to have a material financial impact.
    had submitted a complaint to the Bundeskartellamt (‘BkA’), the competition authority in Germany,                South Africa: Kenneth Makate v Vodacom (Pty) Limited
    alleging infringements of competition law. Following the start of a formal investigation in June 2023, the
    BkA issued a Statement of Objections on 11 April 2025 with its view that the delayed provision by               Mr Kenneth Makate, a former employee of Vodacom Pty Limited (‘Vodacom South Africa’), started legal
    Vodafone and Vantage Towers of the contractually agreed tower sites acted as an obstacle to 1&1’s               proceedings in 2008 claiming compensation for a business idea that led to the development of a service
    market entry and an abuse of relative market power. Vodafone submitted its response to the Statement            known as ‘Please Call Me’ (‘PCM’).
    of Objections to the BkA on 2 July 2025. Vodafone has received a letter from the BkA stating that, if an        On 4 November 2025, an immaterial settlement between Vodacom South Africa and Mr Makate was
    infringement decision is issued, it is likely to include an order for disgorgement of the alleged economic      agreed. The related court proceedings have been withdrawn.
    advantage obtained as a result of the alleged infringement. In November 2025 Vodafone filed an
    application before the Higher Regional Court of Dusseldorf challenging procedural irregularities in the         UK: Mr Justin Gutmann v Vodafone Limited and Vodafone Group Plc
    BkA’s investigative process and seeking an injunction to prevent the BkA from issuing an infringement           In November 2023, Mr Gutmann issued claims in the Competition Appeal Tribunal (‘CAT’) seeking
    decision pending the outcome of the Court’s decision. The BkA filed its response to the application and         permission, as a proposed class representative, to bring collective proceedings on an opt-out basis
    the Court’s decision is pending.                                                                                against the four UK mobile network operators (‘MNOs’) and, in the case of Vodafone Limited and EE
    While the outcome is uncertain, the Group believes it has strong defences and that it is probable no            Limited, their respective parent companies. Vodafone Group Plc and Vodafone Limited are named
    present obligation exists.                                                                                      defendants to one of the claims with an alleged value of £1.4 billion (€1.6 billion), including interest.
                                                                                                                    Hutchison 3G UK Limited (‘Three’), which merged with Vodafone Limited in May 2025, is also a named
    Italy: Iliad v Vodafone Italy                                                                                   defendant to the claim with an alleged value of £507 million (€578 million), including interest. It is alleged
    In July 2019, Iliad filed a claim for €500 million against Vodafone Italy in the Civil Court of Milan which,    that Vodafone, Three, and the other MNOs used their alleged market dominance to overcharge
    following the divestment of Vodafone Italy was subject to an indemnity provided by the Group to                 customers after the expiry of the minimum terms of certain mobile contracts (referred to as a ‘loyalty
    Swisscom. The claim alleged anti-competitive behaviour in relation to customer portability and certain          penalty’). The claim was certified by the CAT in November 2025. Following a successful strike out
    advertising campaigns by Vodafone Italy. The main hearing on the merits of the claim took place on              application based on limitation, the total value of the claims against Vodafone and Three have been
    8 June 2021. On 17 April 2023, the Civil Court issued a judgement in Vodafone Italy’s favour and                reduced to £557 million (€638 million) and £197 million (€225 million), respectively. Defences were filed
    rejected Iliad’s claim for damages in full. Iliad filed an appeal before the Court of Appeal of Milan in June   on 27 February 2026 and Replies on 1 May 2026. A hearing will take place on 1-2 July 2026 to set the
    2023 which was rejected in a decision dated 30 December 2025. Iliad has not filed a further appeal              timetable to trial.
    before the Supreme Court and so the case is closed.                                                             Taking into account all available evidence at this stage, the Group’s assessment is that the allegations
                                                                                                                    are without merit and it intends to defend the claim. The Group is currently unable to estimate any
    Greece: Papistas Holdings SA, Mobile Trade Stores (formerly Papistas SA) and Athanasios and                     possible loss in regards to this issue but, while the outcome is uncertain, the Group believes it is
    Loukia Papistas v Vodafone Greece                                                                               probable that no present obligation exists.
    In October 2019, Mr. and Mrs. Papistas, and companies owned or controlled by them, filed several
    claims against Vodafone Greece with a total value of approximately €330 million for purported damage            UK: Phones 4U in Administration v Vodafone Limited, Vodafone Group Plc and Others
    caused by the alleged abuse of dominance and wrongful termination of a franchise arrangement with a             In December 2018, the administrators of former UK indirect seller, Phones 4U, sued the three main UK
    Papistas company. Lawsuits which the Papistas claimants had previously brought against Vodafone                 mobile network operators (‘MNOs’), including Vodafone, and their parent companies in the English High
    Greece, including one also citing Vodafone Group Plc and certain Directors and officers of Vodafone as          Court. The administrators alleged collusion between the MNOs to withdraw their business from Phones
    defendants, were either withdrawn or left dormant. Vodafone Greece filed a counter claim and all claims         4U thereby causing its collapse. Following a trial on liability, the High Court issued a judgement in
    were heard in February 2020. All of the Papistas claims were rejected by the Athens Court of First              Vodafone’s favour in November 2023 rejecting Phones 4U’s allegations that the defendants were in
    Instance because the stamp duty payments required to have the merits of the case considered had not             breach of competition law. In July 2025 the Court of Appeal also rejected all of Phones 4U’s grounds of
    been made. Vodafone Greece’s counter claim was also rejected. The Papistas claimants and Vodafone               appeal. Phones 4U has not appealed to the Supreme Court and so the case is closed.
    Greece each filed appeals.                                                                                      
         Strategic report                       Governance                                    Financials                             Other information                             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026       205


        30. Related party transactions                                                                                               Transactions with Directors other than compensation
                                                                                                                                     During the three years ended 31 March 2026 and as of 19 May 2026, no Director nor any other
                                                                                                                                     executive officer, nor any associate of any Director or any other executive officer, was indebted to the
    The Group has a number of related parties including joint arrangements and associates,                                           Group.
    pension schemes and Directors and Executive Committee members (see note 12
                                                                                                                                     During the three years ended 31 March 2026 and as of 19 May 2026, the Group has not been a party to
    ‘Associates and joint arrangements’, note 25 ‘Post employment benefits’ and note 23                                              any other material transaction, or proposed transactions, in which any member of the key management
    ‘Directors and key management compensation’).                                                                                    personnel (including Directors, any other executive officer, senior manager, any spouse or relative of any
                                                                                                                                     of the foregoing or any relative of such spouse) had or was to have a direct or indirect material interest.
    Transactions with joint arrangements and associates                                                                              
    Related party transactions with the Group’s joint arrangements and associates primarily comprise fees
    for the use of products and services including network airtime and access charges, fees for the provision
    of network infrastructure and cash pooling arrangements. No related party transactions have been
    entered into during the year which might reasonably affect any decisions made by the users of these
    consolidated financial statements except as disclosed below.
    
                                                                                                     2026       2025          2024
                                                                                                      €m          €m            €m

        Sales of goods and services to associates                                                     30         13        25
        Purchase of goods and services from associates                                                 9          6         6
        Sales of goods and services to joint ventures                                                259        280       267
        Purchase of goods and services from joint ventures                                           555        761       932
        Interest income receivable from associates                                                     9          –         –
        Interest expense payable to associates                                                         6          –         –
        Interest income receivable from joint ventures1                                               65         66        52
        Interest expense payable to joint ventures1                                                  157        243       239

        Trade balances owed:
          by associates                                                                                9         3
          to associates                                                                                2         1
          by joint ventures                                                                          220       210
          to joint ventures                                                                          304       331
        Other balances owed by associates                                                             11         –
        Other balances owed to associates                                                            126         –
        Other balances owed by joint ventures1                                                     1,219     1,265
        Other balances owed to joint ventures2                                                     3,192     3,941
    Notes:
    


    1. Amounts arise primarily through VodafoneZiggo and Oak Holdings 1 GmbH. Interest is paid/received in line with market
       rates.
    


    2. Amounts are primarily in relation to leases of tower space from Oak Holdings 1 GmbH.

    Details of the Group’s commitment to enter into future lease contracts with Oak Holdings 1 GmbH are
    disclosed in Note 20 ‘Leases’.
    Dividends received from associates and joint ventures are disclosed in the consolidated statement of
    cash flows.
         206       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                            Strategic report                     Governance                                      Financials                                      Other information



                                                                                                                                                                                                                            % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings                                                                                                              Company name                                                                      by Group companies            Share class
                                                                                                                                          Belgium
    A full list of all of our subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associated                                                             Malta House, rue Archimède 25, 1000 Bruxelles, Belgium
    undertakings is detailed below.                                                                                                       Vodafone Belgium SA/NV                                                                          100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Brazil
    A full list of subsidiaries, joint arrangements and associated undertakings (as defined in the Large and                              R. Manoel de Oliveira Ramos, 205, Suite 201, Florianópolis SC, 88075-120 ,
    Medium-sized Companies and Groups (Accounts and Reports) Regulations 2008) as at 31 March 2026                                        Brazil
    is detailed below. No subsidiaries are excluded from the Group consolidation. Unless otherwise stated                                 Skaylink Ltda.                                                                                  100.00      Ordinary shares
    the Company’s subsidiaries all have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares and are indirectly                             Rua Boa Vista, 254, 13th Floor, Suite 32, Sao Paulo, Sao Paulo, 01014-907,
    held. The percentage held by Group companies reflect both the proportion of nominal capital and voting                                Brazil
    rights unless otherwise stated.                                                                                                       Vodafone Empresa Brasil Telecomunicações Ltda                                                   100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Rua Boa Vista, No. 254, room 1304 (parte), Centro, São Paulo, 01014907,
    Summarised financial information is provided in respect of the Group’s most significant associates and                                Brazil
    joint arrangements in note 12 ‘Associates and joint arrangements’.                                                                    Vodafone Serviços Empresariais Brasil Ltda                                                      100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Bulgaria
    Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                          Mladost district, 4 Mihail Tenev Str., Balkan Business Centre, Floor 12, Sofia,
    A subsidiary is an entity directly or indirectly controlled by the Company. Control is achieved where the                             1784, Bulgaria
    Company has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the activities that affect the                                 Vodafone Enterprise Bulgaria EOOD                                                               100.00      Ordinary shares
    Company’s returns and exposure or rights to variable returns from the entity. The results of subsidiaries
    acquired or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated income statement from the                                    Canada
    effective date of acquisition or up to the effective date of disposal, as appropriate. Where necessary,                               c/o ARC Information Services Inc., 3-84 Castlebury Crescent, Toronto ON
    adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies into                              M2H 1W8, Canada
    line with those used by the Group. All intra-Group transactions, balances, income and expenses are                                    Vodafone Canada Inc.                                                                            100.00      Common shares
    eliminated on consolidation. Non-controlling interests in the net assets of consolidated subsidiaries are                             Cayman Islands
    identified separately from the Group’s equity therein. Non-controlling interests consist of the amount of                             PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands
    those interests at the date of the original business combination and the non-controlling shareholder’s                                CGP Investments (Holdings) Limited                                                              100.00      Ordinary shares
    share of changes in equity since the date of the combination. Total comprehensive income is attributed
                                                                                                                                          China
    to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
                                                                                                                                          Level 9, Tower 2, China Central Place, Room 941, No. 79 Jianguo Road,
                                                                                                                                         Chaoyang District, Beijing, 100025, China
                                                                                       % of share class held
                                                                                       by Group companies                                 Vodafone Enterprise Communications Technical Service (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       100.00              Branch
        Company name                                                                                                   Share class        Beijing Branch2
        Albania                                                                                                                           Room 1603, 16th Floor, 1200 Pudong Avenue, Free Trade Zone, Shanghai,
        Autostrada Tirane-Durres, Rruga: “Pavaresia”, Nr 61, Kashar, Tirana, Albania                                                      China
        Vodafone Albania Sh.A                                                                        100.00         Ordinary shares       Vodafone Enterprise Communications Technical Service (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                       100.00      Ordinary shares
        Rruga “Ibrahim Rugova”, Sky Tower, Kati I 5, Hyrja , Tiranë 1000, Albania                                                         Room 625, Floor 6, Building 1-A, No. 19, Ronghua Middle Road, Beijing
        _VOIS Albania Shpk.                                                                           85.71         Ordinary shares       Economic and Technological Development Zone, Beijing, China
                                                                                                                                          Vodafone Automotive Technologies (Beijing) Co, Ltd                                              100.00      Ordinary shares
        Australia
        Quay Quarter Tower, Level 7, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia                                                         Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
        Vodafone Enterprise Australia Pty Limited                                                    100.00         Ordinary shares       292 Avenue de La Justice, Commune de la Gombe, Kinshasa, The
                                                                                                                                          Democratic Republic of the Congo
        Austria
                                                                                                                                          Vodacom Congo (RDC) SA5                                                                          33.20      Ordinary shares
        Hohenstaufengasse 9, DG, 1010, Wien, Austria
                                                                                                                                          540 avenue de la justice, second floor, Gombe, Kinshasa, The Democratic
        Vodafone Enterprise Austria GmbH                                                             100.00          Quotas shares        Republic of the Congo
        Bahrain                                                                                                                           Vodacash S.A5                                                                                    33.20      Ordinary shares
        Flat 304, Building 60 Falcon Tower, Road 1701, Diplomatic Area, Manama,                                                           Cyprus
        317, Bahrain
                                                                                                                                          Ali Riza Caddesi No: 33/A Ortaköy, Lefkoşa, Cyprus
        Vodafone Enterprise Bahrain W.L.L.                                                           100.00         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Vodafone Evde Operations Ltd                                                                    100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Vodafone Mobile Operations Limited                                                              100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                      
         Strategic report                           Governance                            Financials                      Other information                                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           207


                                                                                                                                                                                                         % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                      Company name                                                               by Group companies             Share class

                                                                                                                             Vihan Rue de Champollion, Apollo Câble Station, KERADRIVIN 22300,
                                                                                                                              Lannion, France
                                                                                % of share class held                         Apollo Submarine Cable System Ltd - French Branch2                                       100.00               Branch
        Company name                                                            by Group companies         Share class
                                                                                                                              Georgia
        Czech Republic
                                                                                                                              Floor 1, Entrance 2, Commercial Space, Terenti Graneli Street 10-12,
        Námĕstí Junkových 2, Prague 5, 155 00, Czech Republic
                                                                                                                              Chugureti District, Tbilisi, Georgia
        Nadace Vodafone Česká Republika                                                       100.00            Trustee
                                                                                                                              Vodafone Enterprise Georgia LLC                                                          100.00       Ordinary shares
        Oskar Mobil s.r.o.                                                                    100.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              Germany
        Vodafone Czech Republic A.S.                                                          100.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              Parkring 29, 85748, Garching bei München, Bayern, Germany
        Vodafone Enterprise Europe (UK) Limited - Czech Branch2                               100.00            Branch
                                                                                                                              Cloudforce 1 GmbH                                                                        100.00       Ordinary shares
        Praha 4, Závišova 502/5, 14000, Nusle, Czech Republic
                                                                                                                              Skaylink GmbH                                                                            100.00       Ordinary shares
        Závišova Real Estate, s.r.o.                                                          100.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              Danziger Str. 12, Garching b. München, Bavaria, 85748, Germany
        Denmark
                                                                                                                              DrVis Software GmbH                                                                      100.00       Ordinary shares
        Lautrupsgade 7, 2100, Copenhagen, Denmark
                                                                                                                              Altes Forsthaus 2, 67661, Kaiserslautern, Germany
        cVationA/S                                                                            100.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              TKS Telepost Kabel-Service Kaiserslautern GmbH                                           100.00       Ordinary shares
        C/O DLA Piper Denmark, Oslo Plads 2, DK-2100, Copenhagen East,
                                                                                                                              Buschurweg 4, 76870 Kandel, Germany
        Denmark
                                                                                                                              Vodafone Automotive Deutschland GmbH                                                     100.00       Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Enterprise Denmark A/S                                                       100.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              Ferdinand-Braun-Platz 1, 40549, Düsseldorf, Germany
        Egypt
                                                                                                                              Vodafone Enterprise Germany GmbH                                                         100.00    Serial No.1 shares,
        37 Kasr El Nil St, 4th Floor, Cairo, Egypt                                                                                                                                                                               Serial No.2 shares
        Starnet5                                                                               35.81    Ordinary shares       Vodafone GmbH                                                                            100.00    Ordinary A shares,
        54 El Batal Ahmed Abed El Aziz, Mohandseen, Giza, Egypt                                                                                                                                                                  Ordinary B shares
        Sarmady Communications5                                                                35.82    Ordinary shares       Vodafone Group Services GmbH                                                              85.71      Ordinary shares
        Building no. 2109 “VHUB1”, Smart Village, Cairo Alexandria, Egypt                                                     Vodafone IoT Germany GmbH                                                                100.00      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone International Services LLC5                                                   85.71    Ordinary shares       Vodafone Stiftung Deutschland Gemeinnützige GmbH                                         100.00       Ordinary shares
        Site No 15/3C, Central Axis, 6th October City, Egypt                                                                  Vodafone West GmbH                                                                       100.00       Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Egypt Telecommunications S.A.E.5                                              35.82    Ordinary shares       Ferdinand-Braun-Platz 1, 40549, Düsseldorf, Nordrhein-Westfalen, Germany
        Smart Village C3 Vodafone Building, Egypt                                                                             Grandcentrix GmbH                                                                        100.00       Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Data5                                                                         35.81    Ordinary shares       Nobelstrasse 55, 18059, Rostock, Germany
        Vodafone Building Zahraa EL Maadi, Building A, Service Area D, Maadi,                                                 Urbana Teleunion Rostock GmbH & Co. KG                                                    70.00       Ordinary shares
        Cairo, Egypt
                                                                                                                              Greece
        Vodafone For Trading5                                                                  35.78    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                              12,5 km National Road Athens-Lamia, Metamorfosi, Athens, 14452, Greece
        Finland                                                                                                               Vodafone Innovus S.A.                                                                     99.87       Ordinary shares
        Itämerenkatu 25, 00180 Helsinki, Finland                                                                              1-3 Tzavella str, 152 31 Halandri, Athens, Greece
        Vodafone Enterprise Finland Oy                                                        100.00    Ordinary shares       Fiber2All S.A.                                                                            99.87       Ordinary shares
        France                                                                                                                Fiber2All Holdings S.A.                                                                   99.87       Ordinary shares
        1300 route de Cretes, Le WTC, Bat I1, 06560, Valboone Soph, France                                                    Vodafone-Panafon Hellenic Telecommunications Company S.A.                                 99.87       Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Automotive Telematics Development S.A.S                                      100.00    Ordinary shares       Pireos 163 & Ehelidon, Athens, 11854, Greece
        La Défense Cours Valmy , 1-7 Le Belvédère , 92800, Puteaux, France                                                    360 Connect S.A.                                                                          99.87       Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Automotive France S.A.S                                                      100.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                          
        Le Belvédère, 1-7 cours Valmy, 92800, Puteaux, France
        Vodafone Enterprise France SAS                                                        100.00    Ordinary shares
         208       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                        Strategic report                       Governance                                      Financials                                Other information



                                                                                                                                                                                                                    % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                                Company name                                                                by Group companies            Share class

                                                                                                                                       Vodafone Enterprise Global Limited
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Global Network Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  100.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  100.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Ordinary shares
                                                                                   % of share class held
        Company name                                                               by Group companies                Share class        Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland
        Guernsey                                                                                                                        Vodafone Group Services Ireland Limited                                                    85.71      Ordinary shares
        Plaza House, Third Floor, Elizabeth Avenue, St. Peter Port, GY1 2HU,                                                            Vodafone Ireland Limited                                                                  100.00      Ordinary shares
        Guernsey                                                                                                                        Vodafone Ireland Retail Limited                                                           100.00      Ordinary shares
        Silver Stream Investments Limited                                                        100.00          Ordinary shares        Italy
        Roseneath, The Grange, St. Peter Port, GY1 2QJ, Guernsey                                                                        Via Astico 41, 21100 Varese, Italy
        VBA Holdings Limited5                                                                     65.10          Ordinary shares,       Vodafone Automotive Electronic Systems S.r.L                                              100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                      Non-voting
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Automotive S.p.A                                                                 100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                              irredeemable non-
                                                                                                           cumulative preference        Vodafone Automotive Telematics S.r.L                                                      100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                           shares       Via Bisceglie 73, 20152, Milan, Italy
        VBA International Limited5                                                                65.10          Ordinary shares,       Vodafone Enterprise Italy S.r.L                                                           100.00           Euro shares
                                                                                                                      Non-voting
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Servizi E Tecnologie S.R.L.                                                      100.00          Equity shares
                                                                                                              irredeemable non-
                                                                                                           cumulative preference        Via Gabriele D’Annunzio, 4, 21010 Vizzola Ticino, VA, Italy
                                                                                                                           shares       Vodafone Automotive Italia S.p.A                                                          100.00      Ordinary shares
        Hong Kong                                                                                                                       Via Lorenteggio 240, Milan, Italy
        Level 23, One Taikoo Place, 979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                                                              Vodafone IoT Italy, S.R.L.                                                                100.00          Quotas shares
        Vodafone Enterprise Hong Kong Ltd                                                        100.00          Ordinary shares        Japan
        Hungary                                                                                                                         KAKiYA building, 9F, 2-7-17 Shin-Yokohama, Kohoku-ku, Yokoha-City,
        40-44 Hungaria Krt., Budapest, H-1087, Hungary                                                                                  Kanagawa, 222-0033, Japan
        VSSB Vodafone Szolgáltató Központ Budapest Zártkörűen Működő                              85.71      Registered ordinary        Vodafone Automotive Japan KK                                                              100.00      Ordinary shares
        Részvénytársaság                                                                                                 shares         The Executive Centre, Level 20, Shin Marunouchi Center Building, 1-6-2
                                                                                                                                        Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, 100-0005, Japan
        India
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Enterprise U.K. - Japanese Branch2                                                51.00                Branch
        10th Floor, Tower A&B, Global Technology Park, (Maple Tree Building),
        Marathahalli Outer Ring Road, Devarabeesanahalli Village, Varthur Hobli,                                                        Vodafone Global Enterprise (Japan) K.K.                                                   100.00      Ordinary shares
        Bengaluru, Karnataka, 560103, India                                                                                             Jersey
        Cable & Wireless Networks India Private Limited                                          100.00            Equity shares        44 Esplanade, St Helier, JE4 9WG, Jersey
        Cable and Wireless (India) Limited - Branch2                                             100.00                  Branch         Vodafone International 2 Limited                                                          100.00      Ordinary shares
        Cable and Wireless Global (India) Private Limited                                        100.00            Equity shares
                                                                                                                                        Kenya
        201-206, Shiv Smriti Chambers, 49/A, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Mumbai,
                                                                                                                                        6th Floor, ABC Towers, ABC Place, Waiyaki Way, Nairobi, 00100, Kenya
        Maharashtra, Worli, 400018, India
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Kenya Limited5                                                                    69.46      Ordinary shares
        Omega Telecom Holdings Private Limited                                                   100.00            Equity shares
                                                                                                                                        The Riverfront, 4th floor, Prof. David Wasawo Drive, Off Riverside Drive,
        Vodafone India Services Private Limited                                                  100.00            Equity shares        Nairobi, Kenya
        Flat No. 1, 1st Floor, 3A, New Bowbazar Lane, Bowbazar, Kolkata, West
                                                                                                                                        Vodacom Business (Kenya) Limited5                                                          52.08      Ordinary shares
        Bengal, 700012, India
        Usha Martin Telematics Limited                                                           100.00            Equity shares        Korea, Republic of
        Table Space, 5th Floor, Tower B, Panchshil Business Park, Viman Nagar,                                                          ASEM Tower level 37, 517 Yeongdong-daero, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, 135-798,
        Pune, Maharashtra, 411014, India                                                                                                Korea, Republic of
        Vodafone Global Services Private Limited                                                 100.00            Equity shares        Vodafone Enterprise Korea Limited                                                         100.00      Ordinary shares

        Ireland                                                                                                                     
        3rd Floor, Waterloo Exchange, Waterloo Road, Dublin 4, D04 E5W7, Ireland
        Vodafone International Financing Designated Activity Company                             100.00          Ordinary shares
        Deloitte & Touche House, 29 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland
         Strategic report                            Governance                               Financials                         Other information                                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            209


                                                                                                                                                                                                               % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                             Company name                                                              by Group companies            Share class

                                                                                                                                    CCII (Mauritius), Inc.
                                                                                                                                     CGP India Investments Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             100.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                             100.00
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Ordinary shares
                                                                                    % of share class held
        Company name                                                                by Group companies            Share class        Euro Pacific Securities Ltd.                                                            100.00      Ordinary shares
        Lesotho                                                                                                                      Mobilvest                                                                               100.00      Ordinary shares
        585 Mabile Road, Vodacom Park, Maseru, Lesotho                                                                               Prime Metals Ltd.                                                                       100.00      Ordinary shares
        VCL Financial Services (PTY) Ltd5                                                          52.08      Ordinary shares        Trans Crystal Ltd.                                                                      100.00      Ordinary shares
        Vodacom Lesotho (Pty) Limited5                                                             52.08      Ordinary shares        Vodafone Mauritius Ltd.                                                                 100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                     Vodafone Telecommunications (India) Limited                                             100.00      Ordinary shares
        Lithuania
                                                                                                                                     Vodafone Tele-Services (India) Holdings Limited                                         100.00      Ordinary shares
        Laisvės pr. 53E, Vilnius, 07191, Lithuania
        UAB BTT Group                                                                             100.00      Ordinary shares        Mexico
                                                                                                                                     Avenida Insurgentes Sur No. 1647, Piso 12, despacho 1202, Colonia San
        Luxembourg                                                                                                                   José Insurgentes, Alcaldía Benito Juárez, C.P. 03900, Ciudad de México,
        15 rue Edward Steichen, Luxembourg, 2540, Luxembourg                                                                         Mexico
        Tomorrow Street GP S.à r.l.                                                               100.00      Ordinary shares        Vodafone Empresa México S.de R.L. de C.V.                                               100.00              Corporate
        Vodafone Enterprise Luxembourg S.A.                                                       100.00        Ordinary euro                                                                                                          certificate series A
                                                                                                                       shares                                                                                                                       shares,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate
        Vodafone Global Connect S.à r.l.                                                          100.00      Ordinary shares                                                                                                          certificate series B
        Vodafone International 1 S.à r.l.                                                         100.00      Ordinary shares                                                                                                                        shares
        Vodafone International M S.à r.l.                                                         100.00      Ordinary shares        Mozambique
        Vodafone Investments Luxembourg S.à r.l.                                                  100.00      Ordinary shares        Rua dos Desportistas, Numero 649, Cidade de Maputo, Mozambique
        Vodafone Luxembourg S.à r.l.                                                              100.00      Ordinary shares        Mozambique Fibre Company, SY, LDA5                                                       55.33      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Procurement Company S.à r.l.                                                     100.00      Ordinary shares        Mozambique Tower Company, SY, LDA5                                                       55.33      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Roaming Services S.à r.l.                                                        100.00      Ordinary shares        Vodacom Moçambique, SA5                                                                  55.33      Ordinary shares
        Malaysia                                                                                                                     Vodacom M-Pesa, SA5                                                                      55.33      Ordinary shares
        Suite 13.03, 13th Floor, Menara Tan & Tan, 207 Jalan Tun Razak, 50400                                                        Netherlands
        Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
                                                                                                                                     Rivium Quadrant 173, 15th Floor, 2909 LC, Capelle aan den IJssel,
        Vodafone Global Enterprise (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd                                             100.00      Ordinary shares        Netherlands
        Malta                                                                                                                        Vodafone Enterprise Netherlands B.V.                                                    100.00      Ordinary shares
        Portomaso Business Tower, Level 15B, St Julians, STJ 4011, Malta                                                             Vodafone Europe B.V.                                                                    100.00      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Holdings Limited                                                                 100.00    Ordinary A shares,       Vodafone International Holdings B.V.                                                    100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                            Ordinary B shares
                                                                                                                                     Zuid - hollanden 7, Rode Olifant, Spaces, 2596AL, den Haag, Netherlands
        Vodafone Insurance Limited                                                                100.00    Ordinary A shares,
                                                                                                                                     IOT.NXT B.V.5                                                                            42.32      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                            Ordinary B shares
                                                                                                                                     IoT.nxt EMENA B.V5                                                                       42.32      Ordinary shares
        Mauritius
                                                                                                                                     IoT.nxt Europe BV5                                                                       42.32      Ordinary shares
        10th Floor, Standard Chartered Towers, 19 Cybercity, Ebene, Mauritius,
        Mauritius                                                                                                                    New Zealand
        Mobile Wallet VM15                                                                         65.10      Ordinary shares        30 Daldy Street, Central Auckland, 1010, New Zealand
        Mobile Wallet VM25                                                                         65.10      Ordinary shares        Vodafone Enterprise Hong Kong Limited - New Zealand Branch2                             100.00                Branch
        Vodacom International Limited5                                                             65.10     Ordinary shares,        Norway
                                                                                                               Non cumulative        c/o EconPartner AS, Dronning Mauds gate 15, Oslo, 0250, Norway
                                                                                                            preference shares
                                                                                                                                     Vodafone Enterprise Norway AS                                                           100.00      Ordinary shares
        Fifth Floor, Ebene Esplanade, 24 Bank Street, Cybercity, Ebene, Mauritius
        Al-Amin Investments Limited                                                               100.00      Ordinary shares    
        Array Holdings Limited                                                                    100.00      Ordinary shares
        Asian Telecommunication Investments (Mauritius) Limited                                   100.00      Ordinary shares
         210        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                              Strategic report                     Governance                                   Financials                                 Other information



                                                                                                                                                                                                                           % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                                 Company name                                                                      by Group companies            Share class
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Enterprise Equipment Limited Ogranak u Beogradu - Serbia Branch2                       100.00               Branch
                                                                                          % of share class held                          Singapore
        Company name                                                                      by Group companies              Share class
                                                                                                                                         Asia Square Tower 2, 12 Marina View, #17-01, 018961, Singapore
        Oman
                                                                                                                                         Vodafone Enterprise Singapore Pte.Ltd                                                           100.00      Ordinary shares
        Knowledge Oasis Muscat, Al-seeb, Muscat, Governorate P.O Box 104 135,
        Oman                                                                                                                             Slovakia
        Vodafone Services LLC                                                                           100.00         Ordinary shares   Karadžičova 2, mestská čast' Staré mesto, Bratislava, 811 09, Slovakia
        Poland                                                                                                                           Vodafone Global Network Limited - organizačná zložka (Slovakia Branch)2                         100.00               Branch
        ul. Towarowa 28, 00-839, Warsaw, Poland                                                                                          Prievozská 6, Bratislava, 821 09, Slovakia
        Vodafone Business Poland sp. z o.o.                                                             100.00         Ordinary shares   Vodafone Czech Republic A.S. - Slovakia Branch2                                                 100.00               Branch
        Portugal                                                                                                                         South Africa

        Av. D. João II, nº 36 - 8º Piso, 1998 - 017, Parque das Nações, Lisboa,                                                          9 Kinross Street, Germiston South, 1401, South Africa
        Portugal                                                                                                                         Vodafone Holdings (SA) Proprietary Limited                                                      100.00      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Enterprise Spain, S.L.U. – Portugal Branch2                                            100.00                 Branch    Vodafone Investments (SA) Proprietary Limited                                                   100.00    Ordinary A shares,
        Vodafone IoT Portugal, Unipessoal Lda.                                                          100.00          Quotas shares                                                                                                              Ordinary B no par
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        value shares
        Vodafone Portugal - Comunicacoes Pessoais, S.A.                                                 100.00         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                         Irene Link Building C, Third Floor, 5 Impala Avenue, Doringkloof, Centurion,
        Vodafone Solutions, Unipessoal LDA                                                              100.00          Quotas shares    Gauteng, 0046, South Africa
        Romania                                                                                                                          10T Holdings Proprietary Limited5                                                                42.32      Ordinary shares
        1 A Constantin Ghercu Street, 10th Floor, 6th District, Bucharest, Romania                                                       IoT.nxt (Pty) Limited5                                                                           42.32      Ordinary shares
        UPC Services S.R.L.                                                                             100.00         Ordinary shares   Knightsbridge Office Park, 33 Sloane Street, Bryanston, Sandton, Gauteng, 2191,
        1 C Expoziţiei Boulevard, building B1, floor 1, 2 and 3, District 1, Bucharest,                                                  South Africa
        Romania                                                                                                                          MAST Services Proprietary Limited5                                                               65.10      Ordinary shares
        Telekom Romania Mobile Communications S.A.                                                      100.00         Ordinary shares   Vodacom Corporate Park, 082 Vodacom Boulevard, Midrand, 1685, South Africa
        18 Diligenţei Steet, 1st floor, Building C1, Ploiesti, Prahova County, Romania                                                   Infinity Services Partner Company5                                                               65.10      Ordinary shares
        Evotracking SRL                                                                                 100.00         Ordinary shares   Jupicol (Proprietary) Limited5                                                                   45.57      Ordinary shares
        201 Barbu Vacarescu Street, 5th floor, 2nd District, Bucharest, Romania                                                          Mezzanine Ware Proprietary Limited5                                                              58.59      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone External Services SRL                                                                  100.00         Ordinary shares   Motifprops 1 (Proprietary) Limited5                                                              65.10      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Foundation                                                                             100.00           Sole member     Nexio (Proprietary) Limited5                                                                     33.20      Ordinary shares
        201 Barbu Vacarescu Street, 4th floor, 2nd District, Bucharest, Romania                                                          Sphinx Investment Holding Company (RF) (Proprietary) Limited5                                    65.10      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Romania S.A                                                                            100.00         Ordinary shares   Strand (RF) (Pty) Ltd                                                                            65.10      Ordinary shares
        201 Barbu Vacarescu Street, Ground Floor, 2nd District 2, Bucharest,                                                             Vodacom (Pty) Limited5                                                                           65.10     Ordinary shares,
        Romania                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Ordinary A shares
        West Network SRL                                                                                100.00         Ordinary shares   Vodacom Business Africa Group (Pty) Limited5                                                     65.10      Ordinary shares
        62 D Nordului Street, District 1, Bucharest, Romania                                                                             Vodacom Business Africa SA (Pty) Limited5                                                        65.10      Ordinary shares
        UPC Foundation                                                                                  100.00           Sole member     Vodacom Financial Services (Proprietary) Limited5                                                65.10      Ordinary shares
Oltenitei Street no. 2, City Offices Building, 3rd Floor, 4th District, Bucharest,                                         Vodacom Group Limited                                             65.10   Ordinary shares
Romania
                                                                                                                           Vodacom Insurance Administration Company (Proprietary) Limited5   65.10   Ordinary shares
Vodafone România Technologies SRL                                                     85.71         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                           Vodacom Insurance Company (RF) Limited5                           65.10   Ordinary shares
Sectorul 2, Strada Barbu Văcărescu, Nr. 201, Etaj 1, Bucharest, Romania
                                                                                                                           Vodacom International Holdings (Pty) Limited5                     65.10   Ordinary shares
Vodafone România M - Payments SRL                                                    100.00         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                           Vodacom Life Assurance Company (RF) Limited5                      65.10   Ordinary shares
Calea Turzii nr. 101, et.2, Cluj-Napoca, Romania, 400493
                                                                                                                           Vodacom Payment Services (Proprietary) Limited5                   65.10   Ordinary shares
Skaylink SRL                                                                         100.00         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                           Vodacom Properties No 1 (Proprietary) Limited5                    65.10   Ordinary shares
Russian Federation
                                                                                                                       
Build. 2, 14/10, Chayanova str., 125047, Moscow, Russian Federation
Cable & Wireless CIS Svyaz LLC                                                       100.00   Charter capital shares
Serbia
Vladimira Popovića 38-40, New Belgrade, 11070, Serbia
         Strategic report                           Governance                                  Financials                          Other information                                        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               211


    

                                                                                                                                                                                                                         % of share class held
        31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                            Company name                                                                     by Group companies            Share class
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Dagitim, Servis ve Icerik Hizmetleri A.S.                                             100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                       Vodafone Holding A.S.                                                                          100.00    Registered shares
                                                                                      % of share class held                             Vodafone Kule ve Altyapi Hizmetleri A.S.                                                       100.00      Ordinary shares
        Company name                                                                  by Group companies             Share class
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Mall Ve Elektronik Hizmetler Ticaret AS                                               100.00      Ordinary shares
        South Africa (continued)
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Net İletişim Hizmetleri A.S.                                                          100.00      Ordinary shares
        Vodacom Properties No.2 (Pty) Limited5                                                       65.10      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Telekomunikasyon A.S                                                                  100.00    Registered shares
        Wheatfields Investments 276 (Proprietary) Limited5                                           65.10      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Finansman A.S.                                                                        100.00      Ordinary shares
        XLink Communications (Proprietary) Limited5                                                  65.10     Ordinary A shares
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Elektronik Para Ve Ödeme Hizmetleri A.S.                                              100.00    Registered shares
        Spain                                                                                                                           Vodafone Sigorta Aracilik Hizmetleri A.S.                                                      100.00      Ordinary shares
        Calle Miguel Yuste, 33 Bis, 2 Planta, 28037, Madrid, Spain                                                                      İTÜ Ayazağa Kampüsü, Koru Yolu, Arı Teknokent Arı 3 Binası, Maslak,
        Vodafone Automotive Iberia S.L.                                                             100.00       Ordinary shares        İstanbul, 586553, Türkiye
        Avenida de América 115, 28042, Madrid, Spain                                                                                    Vodafone Teknoloji Hizmetleri A.S.                                                             100.00    Registered shares
        Vodafone Enterprise Spain SLU                                                               100.00         Ordinary euro        Maslak Mah. Büyükdere Cad. Büyükdere No: 251, Sarıyer, Istanbul , 34453,
                                                                                                                         shares         Türkiye
        Torre Norte Adif, Explanada de la Estación no 7, 29002, Málaga, Spain                                                           VOIS Turkey Akilli Çözümler Limited Şirketi                                                     85.71      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Intelligent Solutions España, S.L.U.                                               100.00       Ordinary shares        Ukraine
        Vodafone IoT Spain, S.L.                                                                    100.00       Ordinary shares        Bohdana Khmelnytskogo Str. 19-21, Kyiv, Ukraine
        Sweden                                                                                                                          LLC Vodafone Enterprise Ukraine                                                                100.00           Ownership
        C/o Aspia AB, Kopparbergsvägen 11a, 722 13, Västerås, Sweden                                                                                                                                                                             percentage shares
        Vodafone Enterprise Sweden AB                                                               100.00      Ordinary shares,        United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                   Shareholder’s        16-SD 129, Ground Floor, Building 16-Co Work, Dubai Internet City, United
                                                                                                              contribution shares       Arab Emirates
        Switzerland                                                                                                                     Vodacom Fintech Services FZ-LLC5                                                                65.10      Ordinary shares
        In der Luberzen 25, 8902 , Urdorf, Kanton Zürich, Switzerland                                                                   DSO ABCN 81010, ABCN DSO HQ, Dubai Silicon Oasis, Dubai, UAE, United
        Beck et al. Services AG i.L.                                                                100.00       Ordinary shares        Arab Emirates
        C/o BDO AG, Schiffbaustrasse 2, 8005, Zurich, Switzerland                                                                       Sarmady Middle East FZE5                                                                        35.82      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Enterprise Switzerland AG                                                          100.00       Ordinary shares        Office 101, 1st Floor, DIC Building 1, Dubai Internet City, Dubai, United Arab
                                                                                                                                        Emirates
        Taiwan
                                                                                                                                        Vodafone Enterprise Europe (UK) Limited - Dubai Branch2                                        100.00              Branch
        22F., No.100, Songren Road., Xinyi District, Taipei City, 11070, Taiwan
        Vodafone Global Enterprise Taiwan Limited                                                   100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    
        Tanzania, United Republic of
        15 Floor, Vodacom Tower, Ursino Estate, Plot No. 23, Bagamoyo Road, Dar
        es Salaam, United Republic of Tanzania
        M-Pesa Limited5                                                                              48.82    Ordinary A shares,
                                                                                                              Ordinary B shares
        Shared Networks Tanzania Limited5                                                            48.82       Ordinary shares
        Smile Communications Tanzania Limited5                                                       48.82       Ordinary shares
        Vodacom Tanzania Public Limited Company5                                                     48.82       Ordinary shares
        Thailand
        725 Metropolis Building, 20th floor, Unit 100, Sukhumvit Road, Klongton Nua
        Sub-district, Watthana District, Bangkok, 10110, Thailand
        Vodafone Business Siam Co., Ltd.                                                            100.00       Ordinary shares
        Türkiye
        Büyükdere Caddesi, No: 251, Maslak, Şişli / İstanbul, 34398, Türkiye
        Vodafone Bilgi Ve Iletisim Hizmetleri AS                                                    100.00    Registered shares
         212       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               Strategic report                         Governance                                    Financials       Other information



    
                                                                                                                                                                                        % of share class held
        31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                     Company name                                           by Group companies             Share class
                                                                                                                                 Vodafone 2.                                                         100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                Vodafone Automotive UK Limited                                      100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                               % of share class held                             Vodafone Consolidated Holdings Limited                              100.00       Ordinary shares
        Company name                                                           by Group companies              Share class
                                                                                                                                 Vodafone Corporate Secretaries Limited1                             100.00       Ordinary shares
        United Kingdom                                                                                                           Vodafone DC Pension Trustee Company Limited1                        100.00       Ordinary shares
        11 Staple Inn Building, London, WC1V 7QH, United Kingdom                                                                 Vodafone Distribution Holdings Limited                              100.00       Ordinary shares
        Vodacom Business Africa Group Services Limited5                                      65.10      Ordinary shares,         Vodafone Enterprise Corporate Secretaries Limited                   100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                       Preference shares
                                                                                                                                 Vodafone Enterprise Equipment Limited                               100.00       Ordinary shares
        Vodacom UK Limited5                                                                  65.10      Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                       Ordinary B shares,        Vodafone Enterprise Europe (UK) Limited                             100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                        Non-redeemable           Vodafone Enterprise U.K.                                             51.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                       ordinary A shares,        Vodafone European Investments1                                      100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                        Non-redeemable
                                                                                                       preference shares         Vodafone Finance Limited1                                           100.00       Ordinary shares
        50 Lothian Road, Festival Square, Edinburgh, EH3 9WJ, United Kingdom                                                     Vodafone Finance Management                                         100.00       Ordinary shares
        Thus Group Holdings Limited                                                          51.00        Ordinary shares        Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited                                  100.00      Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Deferred shares,
        Thus Group Limited                                                                  100.00        Ordinary shares                                                                                       Deferred B shares
        3 More London, Riverside, London, SE12AQ, United Kingdom                                                                 Vodafone Group (Directors) Trustee Limited1                         100.00       Ordinary shares
        IoT Nxt UK Limited5                                                                  42.32        Ordinary shares        Vodafone Group Pension Trustee Limited1                             100.00       Ordinary shares
        Quarry Corner, Dundonald, Belfast, BT16 1UD, Northern Ireland                                                            Vodafone Group Services Limited                                     100.00      Ordinary shares,
        Energis (Ireland) Limited                                                           100.00     Ordinary A shares,                                                                                        Deferred shares
                                                                                                       Ordinary B shares,        Vodafone Group Services No.2 Limited1                               100.00      Ordinary shares
                                                                                                       Ordinary C shares,
                                                                                                       Ordinary D shares         Vodafone Group Share Trustee Limited1                               100.00      Ordinary shares
        Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN, United                                                     Vodafone International 2 Limited - UK Branch2                       100.00               Branch
        Kingdom                                                                                                                  Vodafone International Operations Limited                           100.00      Ordinary shares
        Apollo Submarine Cable System Limited                                               100.00        Ordinary shares        Vodafone Investments Limited1                                       100.00      Ordinary shares,
        Cable & Wireless Aspac Holdings Limited                                             100.00       Ordinary shares                                                                                            Zero coupon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     redeemable
        Cable & Wireless CIS Services Limited                                               100.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                 Vodafone IoT UK Limited                                             100.00       Ordinary shares
        Cable & Wireless Communications Data Network Services Limited                       100.00     Ordinary A shares,
                                                                                                       Ordinary B shares         Vodafone IP Licensing Limited1                                      100.00       Ordinary shares
        Cable & Wireless Europe Holdings Limited                                            100.00        Ordinary shares        Vodafone Limited                                                     51.00       Ordinary shares
        Cable & Wireless Global Telecommunication Services Limited                          100.00        Ordinary shares    
        Cable & Wireless UK Holdings Limited                                                100.00        Ordinary shares
        Cable & Wireless Worldwide Limited                                                  100.00        Ordinary shares
        Cable and Wireless (India) Limited                                                  100.00        Ordinary shares
        Cable and Wireless Nominee Limited                                                  100.00        Ordinary shares
        Energis Communications Limited                                                       51.00        Ordinary shares
        Energis Squared Limited                                                             100.00        Ordinary shares
        London Hydraulic Power Company (The)                                                100.00       Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                       5% Non-cumulative
                                                                                                        preference shares
        Navtrak Ltd                                                                         100.00        Ordinary shares
        Project Telecom Holdings Limited1                                                   100.00        Ordinary shares
        Rian Mobile Limited                                                                 100.00        Ordinary shares
        Talkmobile Limited                                                                   51.00        Ordinary shares
        The Eastern Leasing Company Limited                                                 100.00        Ordinary shares
        Thus Limited                                                                         51.00        Ordinary shares
         Strategic report                         Governance                                 Financials                               Other information                                     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           213


    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                              Associated undertakings and joint arrangements
    
                                                                                     % of share class held
                                                                                     by Group companies
                                                                                                                                      
        Company name                                                                                                    Share class                                                                                  % of share class held
        United Kingdom (continued)                                                                                                        Company name                                                               by Group companies            Share class

        Vodafone Mobile Network Limited                                                           100.00          Ordinary shares         Australia
        Vodafone Nominees Limited1                                                                100.00          Ordinary shares         Level 27, Tower Two, International Towers Sydney, 200 Barangaroo Avenue,
                                                                                                                                          Barangaroo NSW 2000, Australia
        Vodafone Oceania Limited                                                                  100.00          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          3.6 GHz Spectrum Pty Ltd                                                                 23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Overseas Finance Limited                                                         100.00          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          AAPT Limited                                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Partner Services Limited                                                         100.00         Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                                     Redeemable           ACN 088 889 230 Pty Ltd                                                                  23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                preference shares         ACN 139 798 404 Pty Ltd                                                                  23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Retail (Holdings) Limited                                                        100.00          Ordinary shares         Adam Internet Holdings Pty Ltd                                                           23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Sales & Services Limited                                                         100.00          Ordinary shares         Adam Internet Pty Ltd                                                                    23.73     Ordinary shares,
        Vodafone Shared Operations Limited7                                                        85.71          Ordinary shares                                                                                                             Class A shares,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Class B shares
        Vodafone Shared Services UK Limited                                                        85.71          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Agile Pty Ltd                                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone UK Investments Limited1                                                          100.00          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          AlchemyIT Pty Ltd                                                                        23.73     Ordinary shares
        VodafoneThree Holdings Limited                                                             51.00          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Chariot Pty Ltd                                                                          23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Ventures Limited1                                                                100.00          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Chime Communications Pty Ltd                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodaphone Limited                                                                         100.00          Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Connect West Pty Ltd                                                                     23.73     Ordinary shares
        Your Communications Group Limited                                                         100.00        Ordinary B shares,
                                                                                                                     Redeemable           Destra Communications Pty Ltd                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                preference shares         Digiplus Contracts Pty Ltd                                                               23.73     Ordinary shares
        450 Longwater Avenue, Green Park, Reading, England, RG2 6GF, United                                                               Digiplus Holdings Pty Ltd                                                                23.73     Ordinary shares
        Kingdom                                                                                                                           Digiplus Investments Pty Ltd                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
        3UK Retail Limited                                                                         51.00          Ordinary shares         Digiplus Pty Ltd                                                                         23.73     Ordinary shares
        Hutchison 3G UK Holdings Limited                                                           51.00          Ordinary shares         H3GA Properties (No. 3) Pty Ltd                                                          23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          iiNet Labs Pty Ltd                                                                       23.73     Ordinary shares
        Hutchison 3G UK Limited                                                                    51.00          Ordinary shares         iiNet Limited                                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
        ID Communications Limited                                                                  51.00          Ordinary shares         Internode Pty Ltd                                                                        23.73     Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Class B shares
        UK Broadband Limited                                                                       51.00          Ordinary shares         IntraPower Pty Ltd                                                                       23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Intrapower Terrestrial Pty Ltd                                                           23.73     Ordinary shares
        United States
                                                                                                                                          IP Group Pty Ltd                                                                         23.73     Ordinary shares
        1209 Orange, Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle DE 19801, United States
                                                                                                                                          IP Services Xchange Pty Ltd                                                              23.73     Class A shares,
        IoT nxt USA Inc5                                                                           42.32     Common stock shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Class B shares
        1450 Broadway, Fl 11, Suite 104, New York NY 10018, United States
                                                                                                                                          Kooee Communications Pty Ltd                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
        Cable & Wireless Americas Systems, Inc.                                                   100.00     Common stock shares          Kooee Mobile Pty Ltd                                                                     23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Americas Virginia Inc.                                                           100.00     Common stock shares
                                                                                                                                          Mercury Connect Pty Ltd                                                                  23.73     Ordinary shares,
        Vodafone IoT Incorporated                                                                 100.00     Common stock shares                                                                                                              Class E shares
        Vodafone US Inc.                                                                          100.00     Common stock shares          Mobile JV Pty Limited                                                                    23.73     Ordinary shares
        1615 Platte Street, Suite 02-115, Denver CO 80202, United States                                                                  Mobileworld Communications Pty Limited                                                   23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Americas Foundation                                                              100.00                  Trustee         Mobileworld Operating Pty Ltd                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                          Netspace Online Systems Pty Ltd                                                          23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                      
         214        Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         Strategic report                      Governance                                     Financials                   Other information



                                                                                                                                                                                            % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                 Company name                                                       by Group companies           Share class
                                                                                                                        VtalkVoip Pty Ltd                                                                 23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                         % of share class held                           Westnet Pty Ltd                                                                   23.73     Ordinary shares
        Company name                                                     by Group companies           Share class
                                                                                                                         Belgium
        Australia (continued)
                                                                                                                         Space Court of Justic, Rue aux Laines 70, 1000 Brussels, Belgium
        Numillar IPS Pty Ltd                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Utiq S.A                                                                          25.00     Ordinary shares
        PIPE Transmission Pty Limited                                                   23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Czech Republic
        PowerTel Limited                                                                23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Praha 4, Závišova 502/5, 14000, Nusle, Czech Republic
        Request Broadband Pty Ltd                                                       23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Vantage Towers s.r.o.4                                                            44.64     Ordinary shares
        Satellite Mobile Pty Ltd                                                        23.73     Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                                         U Rajské zahrady 1912/3, Praha 3, 13000, Czech Republic
        Soul Communications Pty Ltd                                                     23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         COOP Mobil s.r.o.                                                                 33.33     Ordinary shares
        Soul Contracts Pty Ltd                                                          23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Egypt
        Soul Pattinson Telecommunications Pty Ltd                                       23.73     Ordinary shares
        SPT Telecommunications Pty Ltd                                                  23.73     Ordinary shares        23 Kasr El Nil St, Cairo, 11211, Egypt

        SPTCom Pty Ltd                                                                  23.73     Ordinary shares        Wataneya Telecommunications S.A.E                                                 50.00     Ordinary shares

        Telecom Enterprises Australia Pty Limited                                       23.73     Ordinary shares        Ethiopia

        Telecom New Zealand Australia Pty Ltd                                           23.73     Ordinary shares,       Kirkos Sub City, Woreda 01, House No. New, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
                                                                                                      Redeemable         Safaricom M-PESA Mobile Financial Services Plc5                                   18.07     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                 preference shares
                                                                                                                         Safaricom Telecommunications Ethiopia Private Limited Company5                    18.07     Ordinary shares
        TPG Corporation Limited                                                         23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Germany
        TPG Energy Pty Ltd                                                              23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         38 Berliner Allee, 40212, Düsseldorf, Germany
        TPG Finance Pty Ltd                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         MNP Deutschland Gesellschaft bürgerlichen Rechts                                  33.33    Partnership share
        TPG Holdings Pty Ltd                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Ferdinand-Braun-Platz 1, 40549, Düsseldorf, Germany
        TPG Internet Pty Ltd                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         OXG Glasfaser Beteiligungs GmbH                                                   50.00     Ordinary shares
        TPG JV Company Pty Ltd                                                          23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         OXG Glasfaser GmbH                                                                50.00     Ordinary shares
        TPG Network Pty Ltd                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Nobelstrasse 55, 18059, Rostock, Germany
        TPG Telecom Limited                                                             23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Verwaltung Urbana Teleunion Rostock GmbH                                          50.00     Ordinary shares
        TransACT Capital Communications Pty Ltd                                         23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Prinzenallee 11-13, 40549, Düsseldorf, Germany
        TransACT Communications Pty Ltd                                                 23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Oak Holdings 1 GmbH                                                               49.98     Ordinary shares
        TransACT Victoria Communications Pty Ltd                                        23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Oak Holdings 2 GmbH                                                               49.98     Ordinary shares
        TransACT Victoria Holdings Pty Ltd                                              23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Oak Holdings GmbH                                                                 49.98     Ordinary shares
        Trusted Cloud Pty Ltd                                                           23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Oak Renewables GmbH                                                               49.98     Ordinary shares
        Trusted Cloud Solutions Pty Ltd                                                 23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Vantage Towers AG                                                                 44.64     Ordinary shares
        Value Added Network Pty Ltd                                                     23.73     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                         Vantage Towers Erste Verwaltungsgesellschaft GmbH4                                44.64     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Australia Pty Limited                                                  23.73     Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                   Class B shares,   
                                                                                                      Redeemable
                                                                                                 preference shares
        Vodafone Foundation Australia Pty Limited                                       23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Hutchison Receivables Pty Limited                                      23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Hutchison Spectrum Pty Limited                                         23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Network Pty Limited                                                    23.73     Ordinary shares
        Vodafone Pty Limited                                                            23.73     Ordinary shares
        Strategic report                        Governance                                 Financials                          Other information                                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              215


                                                                                                                                                                                                                   % of share class held
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                           Company name                                                                    by Group companies         Share class


    
                                                                                                                                   Kenya
                                                                                                                                   9th Floor, Williamson House, 4th Ngong Avenue, PO Box 40111 - 00100, Nairobi,
                                                                                                                                   Kenya
                                                                                   % of share class held
                                                                                   by Group companies                              M-PESA Holding Co. Limited                                                                     27.74    Ordinary equity
    Company name                                                                                                Share class
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   shares
    Greece
                                                                                                                                   LR No. 13263 Safaricom House, PO Box 66827, 00800, Nairobi, Kenya
    2 Adrianeiou str, Athens, 11525, Greece
                                                                                                                                   Safaricom PLC                                                                                  27.74    Ordinary shares
    Vantage Towers Single Member Societe Anonyme4                                                 44.64     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   ACS Plaza 5th Floor, Lenana Road, Kilimani, Nairobi, Kenya
    12 Rizareiou str, Halandri, 15233, Greece
                                                                                                                                   M-PESA Africa Limited5                                                                         46.42    Ordinary shares
    Tilegnous IKE                                                                                 33.29     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Luxembourg
    43-45 Valtetsiou Str., Athens, Greece
                                                                                                                                   15 rue Edward Steichen, Luxembourg, 2540, Luxembourg
    Safenet N.P,A.                                                                                24.97       Issued shares
                                                                                                                                   SatCo GP S.à r.l.                                                                              50.00    Ordinary shares
    Marathonos Ave 18 kn & Pylou, Pallini, Attica, 15351 Greece
                                                                                                                                   SatCo SCS                                                                                      50.00    Ordinary shares
    Victus Networks S.A.                                                                          49.94     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Vodafone Telenor Procurement Company SCSp                                                      50.00    Ordinary shares
    Hungary
                                                                                                                                   VTPC General Partner S.à r.l.                                                                  50.00    Ordinary shares
    Boldizsár utca 2, Budapest, 1112, Hungary
                                                                                                                                   Tomorrow Street SCA                                                                            50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vantage Towers Zártkörűen Működő, Részvénytársaság4                                           44.64     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Netherlands
    India
                                                                                                                                   Avenue Ceramique 300, 6221 Kx, Maastricht, Netherlands
    10th Floor, Birla Centurion, Century Mills Compound, Pandurang Budhkar
                                                                                                                                   Vodafone Antennelocaties B.V.                                                                  50.00    Ordinary shares
    Marg, Worli, Mumbai, Maharashtra, 400030, India
                                                                                                                                   Vodafone Libertel B.V.                                                                         50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Foundation6                                                                          24.03     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Boven Vredenburgpassage 128, 3511 WR, Utrecht, Netherlands
    Vodafone Idea Next-Gen Solutions Limited6                                                     24.39     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Amsterdamse Beheer-en Consultingmaatschappij B.V.                                              50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Shared Services Limited6                                                        24.39     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Esprit Telecom B.V.                                                                            50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Technology Solutions Limited6                                                   24.39     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Vodafone Financial Services B.V.                                                               50.00    Ordinary shares
    You Broadband India Limited6                                                                  24.39       Equity shares
                                                                                                                                   Vodafone Nederland Holding I B.V.                                                              50.00    Ordinary shares
    Suman Tower, Plot No. 18, Sector No. 11, Gandhinagar, 382011, Gujarat, India
                                                                                                                                   Vodafone Nederland Holding II B.V.                                                             50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Limited                                                                         24.39       Equity shares
                                                                                                                                   VodafoneZiggo Employment B.V.                                                                  50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Manpower Services Limited6                                                      24.10     Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   VodafoneZiggo Group B.V.                                                                       50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone House, Corporate Road, Prahladnagar, Off S. G. Highway,
    Ahmedabad, Gujarat, 380051, India                                                                                              VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.                                                               50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Business Services Limited6                                                      24.39    Ordinary B shares       VZ Financing I B.V.                                                                            50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Communication Systems Limited6                                                  24.39      Ordinary shares       VZ Financing II B.V.                                                                           50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vodafone Idea Telecom Infrastructure Limited6                                                 24.39      Ordinary shares       VZ FinCo B.V.                                                                                  50.00    Ordinary shares
    Ireland                                                                                                                        VZ PropCo B.V.                                                                                 50.00    Ordinary shares
    Mountainview, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland                                                                                 VZ Secured Financing B.V.                                                                      50.00    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                   Ziggo B.V.                                                                                     50.00    Ordinary shares
    Vantage Towers Limited4                                                                       44.64     Ordinary shares
    The Herbert Building, The Park, Carrickmines, Dublin, Ireland                                                                  Ziggo Deelnemingen B.V.                                                                        50.00    Ordinary shares
    Siro DAC                                                                                      50.00     Ordinary shares        Ziggo Netwerk II B.V.                                                                          50.00    Ordinary shares
    Siro JV Holdco Limited                                                                        50.00    Ordinary B shares   
    Italy
    Via Gaetana Negri 1, 20123, Milano, Italy
    Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A.                                                       16.79     Ordinary shares
        216    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                          Strategic report                     Governance                                      Financials                             Other information



    31. Related undertakings (continued)
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                % of share class held
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 by Group companies          Share class
                                                                                   % of share class held
                                                                                                                                    South Africa
    Company name                                                                   by Group companies             Share class
                                                                                                                                    76 Maude Street, Sandton, Johannesberg, 2196, South Africa
    Ziggo Real Estate B.V.                                                                        50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Waterberg Lodge (Proprietary) Limited5                                                      32.55    Ordinary shares
    Ziggo Services B.V.                                                                           50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Rigel Office Park Block A, No 446 Rigel Avenue South, Erasmu, South Africa
    Ziggo Services Employment B.V.                                                                50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Afri G I S (Pty) Ltd5                                                                       21.16    Ordinary shares
    Ziggo Services Netwerk 2 B.V.                                                                 50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Canard Spatial Technologies Proprietary Limited5                                            21.16    Ordinary shares
    Ziggo Zakelijk Services B.V.                                                                  50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    31 Georgian Cresent East, Bryanston, Gauteng, 2191, South Africa
    ZUM B.V.                                                                                      50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Maziv Proprietary Limited                                                                   30.00    Ordinary shares
    Media Parkboulevard 2, 1217 WE Hilversum, Netherlands
                                                                                                                                    CIVH PrefCo (Pty) Ltd                                                                       30.00    Ordinary shares
    Liberty Global Content Netherlands B.V.                                                       50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Vumatel (Pty) Ltd                                                                           30.00    Ordinary shares
    Regus, 3 More London Riverside, London SE1 2RE
                                                                                                                                    Dark Fibre Africa (Pty) Ltd                                                                 30.00    Ordinary shares
    Global Partnership for Ethiopia B.V.                                                          18.07       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    CIVH LoanCo (Pty) Ltd                                                                       30.00    Ordinary shares
    Rivium Quadrant 175, 2909 LC, Capelle aan den Ijssel, Netherlands
                                                                                                                                    CIVH SecurityCo (Pty) Ltd                                                                   30.00    Ordinary shares
    Central Tower Holding Company B.V.4                                                           50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Axio Connect (Pty) Ltd                                                                      30.00    Ordinary shares
    Winschoterdiep 60, 9723 AB Groningen, Netherlands
                                                                                                                                    Axio Africa (Pty) Ltd                                                                       30.00    Ordinary shares
    Ziggo Bond Company B.V.                                                                       50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Hero Telecoms (Pty) Ltd                                                                     14.99    Ordinary shares
    Ziggo Netwerk B.V.                                                                            50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Regional Fibre Holding (Pty) Ltd                                                            30.00    Ordinary Shares
    Portugal
                                                                                                                                    SADV (Pty) Ltd                                                                              30.00    Ordinary shares
    Av. D. João II, nº 36 - 8º Piso, 1998 - 017, Parque das Naçőes, Lisboa,
                                                                                                                                    Vuma Connect                                                                                30.00    Ordinary shares
    Portugal
    DABCO Portugal, Lda                                                                           80.20       Ordinary shares       VumaCam (Pty) Ltd                                                                           15.30    Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    VumaCam LTIP Co (Pty) Ltd                                                                   15.30    Ordinary shares
    Edif. Arquiparque VII, R Dr António Loureiro Borges, 7, 3.°, 1495-131 Algés,
    Oeiras, Portugal                                                                                                                Centr AI (Pty) Ltd                                                                          15.30    Ordinary shares
    Vantage Towers, S.A.4                                                                         44.64       Ordinary shares       OSM Trading (Pty) Ltd                                                                       15.30    Ordinary shares
    Rua Pedro e Inês, Lote 2.08.01, 1990-075, Parque das Nações, Lisboa,                                                            VumaCam Infrastructure (Pty) Ltd                                                            30.00    Ordinary shares
    Portugal                                                                                                                        Rise Telecomms                                                                              30.00    Ordinary shares
    Sport TV Portugal, S.A.                                                                       25.00    Nominative shares        Francios O’Kennedy W.O.R.X (Pty) Ltd                                                        30.00    Ordinary shares
    SÍTIO Sete Rios - Praça Nuno Rodrigues dos Santos, 7, 1600-171 , Lisboa,                                                        Connected Space Pty Ltd                                                                     30.00    Ordinary shares
    Portugal
                                                                                                                                    MCT Telecommunications (Pty) Ltd                                                            22.50    Ordinary shares
    Dual Grid – Gestão de Redes Partilhadas, S.A.                                                 50.00       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Maziv PropCo (Pty) Ltd                                                                      30.00    Ordinary shares
    Romania                                                                                                                         Vodacom Corporate Park, 082 Vodacom Boulevard, Midrand, 1685, South Africa
    Calea Floreasca no. 169A, 3rd floor, District 1, Bucharest, Romania                                                             M-Pesa S.A (Proprietary) Limited5                                                           46.42    Ordinary shares
    Vantage Towers S.R.L.4                                                                        44.64       Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                    Spain
    Floor 3, Module 2, Connected buildings III, Nr. 10A, Dimitrie Pompei
                                                                                                                                    Calle San Severo 22, 28042, Madrid, Spain
    Boulevard,
                                                                                                                                    Vantage Towers, S.L.U.4                                                                     44.64    Ordinary shares
    Bucharest, Sector 2, Romania
    Netgrid Telecom SRL                                                                           50.00       Ordinary shares   
    Russian Federation
    Building 3, 11, Promyshlennaya Street, Moscow, 115 516, Russian Federation
    Autoconnex Limited                                                                            35.00       Ordinary shares
        Strategic report                       Governance                             Financials                            Other information                                      Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                217


                                                                                                                            Notes:
    31. Related undertakings (continued)                                                                                    

                                                                                                                            1. Directly held by Vodafone Group Plc.
    
                                                                                                                            

                                                                                                                            2. Branches.
                                                                                                                            

                                                                            % of share class held                           3. SC DABCO Management LLC has joint control rights over DABCo Limited.
                                                                                                                            
    Company name                                                            by Group companies               Share class    4. Shareholding is indirect through Vantage Towers A.G.
                                                                                                                            
    Tanzania, United Republic of
                                                                                                                            5. Shareholding is indirect through Vodacom Group Limited. The indirect shareholding is calculated using the 65.10%
    Vodacom Tanzania PLC, 15 Floor, Vodacom Tower, Plot 23 Ursino Estate,                                                      ownership interest in Vodacom Group Limited.
    Bagamoyo Road, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, United Republic of                                                              

                                                                                                                            6. Includes the indirect interest held through Vodafone Idea Limited.
    Ngorongoro Fibre Company Limited                                                       48.82        Ordinary shares     


    Fast Fibre Tanzania Limited                                                            24.41      Ordinary B shares     7. Accenture Holdings B.V. holds 20% of the total voting rights in Vodafone Shared Operations Limited.
    Plot No. 23, Ursino Estate, Bagamoyo Road, Dar es Salaam, Tanzania,                                                     Selected financial information
    United Republic of
    Vodacom Trust Limited5                                                                 48.82      Ordinary A shares,    The table below shows selected financial information in respect of subsidiaries that have non-controlling
                                                                                                      Ordinary B shares     interests that are material to the Group.
                                                                                                                            
    Türkiye                                                                                                                                                                                                                               VodafoneThree
    Çifte Havuzlar Mah Eski Londra Asfalti Cad No: 151/1E/301, Esenler,                                                                                                                                                                     Holdings
    Istanbul, Türkiye                                                                                                                                                                                             Vodacom Group Limited      Limited
    FGS Bilgi Islem Urunler Sanayi ve Ticaret AS                                           50.00         Ordinary shares                                                                                                2026         2025         2026
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         €m            €m           €m
    Levazim Mahallesi Vadi Caddesi Zorlu Center No:2 Ic Kapi No: 347,
    Besiktas, Istanbul, Türkiye                                                                                                 Summary comprehensive income information
    Red Haven Veri Merkezi Anonim Sirketi                                                  50.00      Ordinary A shares,        Revenue                                                                             8,365            7,791         9,192
                                                                                                      Ordinary B shares
                                                                                                                                Profit/(loss) for the financial year                                                1,368            1,058        (1,063)
    United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                Other comprehensive income/(expense)                                                   (4)            (121)           30
    One Kingdom Street, London, W2 6BY, United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                Total comprehensive income/(expense)                                                1,364              937        (1,033)
    DABCO Limited3                                                                         69.23        Ordinary shares,
                                                                                                    Series A - preference       Other financial information
                                                                                                                   shares
    24/25 The Shard, 32 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9SG, United
                                                                                                                                Profit/(loss) for the financial year allocated to non-controlling
    Kingdom                                                                                                                     interests                                                                              604            422          (258)
    Digital Mobile Spectrum Limited                                                        33.33         Ordinary shares        Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                            245            249             –
    Sixth floor, Thames Tower, Station Road, Reading, RG1 1LX, United
    Kingdom                                                                                                                     Summary financial position information
    Mobile Broadband Network Limited                                                       25.50         Ordinary shares        Non-current assets                                                                  9,048            8,002    17,983
    Floor 5, 20 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 3BY, United Kingdom                                                              Current assets                                                                      4,398            3,808     4,603
    VodaFamily Ethiopia Holding Company Limited5                                           31.47         Ordinary shares        Total assets                                                                      13,446        11,810        22,586
    120 Kings Road, London, SW3 4TR, United Kingdom                                                                             Non-current liabilities                                                            (4,582)       (3,535)      (11,531)
    Cable & Wireless Trade Mark Management Limited                                         50.00      Ordinary A shares,        Current liabilities                                                                (3,978)       (3,802)       (5,114)
                                                                                                      Ordinary B shares
                                                                                                                                Total assets less total liabilities                                                 4,886        4,473            5,941
    Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN, United
    Kingdom                                                                                                                     Equity shareholders’ funds                                                          3,519            3,353        3,681
    Vodafone Hutchison (Australia) Holdings Limited                                        50.00         Ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                Non-controlling interests                                                           1,367            1,120        2,260
                                                                                                                                Total equity                                                                        4,886            4,473        5,941
    United States
    251 Little Falls Drive, Wilmington DE 19808, United States                                                                  Statement of cash flows
    Ziggo Financing Partnership                                                            50.00     Partnership interest       Net cash inflow from operating activities                                           2,607         2,573            3,183
    2820 Selwyn Avenue, Charlotte NC 28209, United States                                                                       Net cash outflow from investing activities                                         (1,313)       (1,101)          (2,209)
    Britelink USA Inc                                                                      22.50          Common stock          Net cash outflow from financing activities                                           (895)       (1,328)            (954)
                                                                                                               shares
                                                                                                                                Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                             399             144            20
                                                                                                                                Cash and cash equivalents brought forward                                           1,188            1,052           18
                                                                                                                                Exchange loss on cash and cash equivalents                                            (74)              (8)          (1)
                                                                                                                                Cash and cash equivalents                                                           1,513            1,188           37
                                                                                                                            
         218     Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026     Strategic report              Governance                          Financials                           Other information



        32. Subsidiaries exempt from audit                                                            33. Subsequent events

    The following UK subsidiaries are expected to take advantage of the audit exemption set           Full ownership of VodafoneThree in the UK
    out within section 479A of the Companies Act 2006 for the year ended 31 March 2026.               On 5 May 2026, the Group announced that it had reached an agreement for the buyout of CK Hutchison
                                                                                                     Group Telecom Holding Limited’s (‘CKHGT’) 49% interest in VodafoneThree Holdings Limited
        Name                                                                    Registration number   (‘VodafoneThree’) for £4.3 billion (€4.9 billion) cash, implemented through a cancellation of CKHGT’s
                                                                                                      shares. Following the completion of the transaction, the Group will be the sole owner of VodafoneThree.
        Cable & Wireless Aspac Holdings Limited                                            04705342   
        Cable & Wireless CIS Services Limited                                              02964774
        Cable & Wireless Communications Data Network Services Limited                      02070812
        Cable & Wireless Europe Holdings Limited                                           04659719
        Cable & Wireless UK Holdings Limited                                               03840888
        Cable & Wireless Worldwide Limited                                                 07029206
        Cable and Wireless Nominee Limited                                                 03249884
        Energis (Ireland) Limited                                                          NI035793
        Energis Communications Limited                                                     02630471
        Energis Squared Limited                                                            03037442
        London Hydraulic Power Company (The)                                               ZC000055
        Eastern Leasing Company Limited (The)                                              01672832
        Thus Limited                                                                       06798969
        Thus Group Holdings Limited                                                        SC192666
        Thus Group Limited                                                                 SC226738
        Vodafone 2.                                                                        04083193
        Vodafone Consolidated Holdings Limited                                             05754561
        Vodafone Corporate Secretaries Limited                                             02357692
        Vodafone Distribution Holdings Limited                                             03357115
        Vodafone Enterprise Corporate Secretaries Limited                                  02303594
        Vodafone Enterprise Equipment Limited                                              01648524
        Vodafone Enterprise Europe (UK) Limited                                            03137479
        Vodafone Enterprise U.K.                                                           01541957
        Vodafone European Investments                                                      03961908
        Vodafone Finance Management                                                        02139168
        Vodafone International Operations Limited                                          02797438
        Vodafone Investments Limited                                                       01530514
        Vodafone IP Licensing Limited                                                      06846238
        Vodafone Nominees Limited                                                          01172051
        Vodafone Overseas Finance Limited                                                  04171115
        Vodafone UK Investments Limited                                                    02227940
        Your Communications Group Limited                                                  04171876
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   219



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    220       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank.
          
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   221



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    222       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank.
          
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   223



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    224       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank.
          
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   225



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    226       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026             Strategic report                    Governance   Financials   Other information




          Non-GAAP measures - Unaudited information
                                                                                                                  
          In the discussion of the Group’s reported operating results, non-GAAP measures are presented
          to provide readers with additional financial information that is regularly reviewed by
          management. This additional information presented is not uniformly defined by all companies
          including those in the Group’s industry. Accordingly, it may not be comparable with similarly titled
          measures and disclosures by other companies. Additionally, certain information presented is
          derived from amounts calculated in accordance with IFRS but is not itself a measure defined
          under GAAP. Such measures should not be viewed in isolation or as an alternative to the
          equivalent GAAP measure.
          The non-GAAP measures discussed in this document are listed below.
          
                                                                    Closest equivalent GAAP
              Non-GAAP measure                        Definition    measure                     Reconciliation
              Performance metrics
              Organic revenue growth                  Page 227      Revenue                     Pages 228
                                                                                                and 229
              Organic service revenue growth          Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
                                                                                                and 229
              Organic mobile service revenue          Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
              growth                                                                            and 229
              Organic fixed service revenue           Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
              growth                                                                            and 229
              Organic Vodafone Business service       Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
              revenue growth                                                                    and 229
              South Africa: Financial services        Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
              organic revenue growth                                                            and 229
              Vodacom International: M-Pesa           Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
              organic revenue growth                                                            and 229
              Egypt: Financial services (Vodafone     Page 227      Service revenue             Pages 228
              Cash) organic revenue growth                                                      and 229
              Organic Adjusted EBITDAaL growth        Page 227      Operating profit            Pages 228
                                                                                                and 229
              Organic Adjusted EBITDAaL margin        Page 227      Operating profit            Page 228
              growth
              Financing and Taxation metrics
              Adjusted net financing costs            Page 17       Net financing costs         Page 17
                 Strategic report                     Governance                               Financials         Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   227




        Non-GAAP measures - Unaudited information (continued)
                                                                                                              
    Performance metrics
    Organic growth
    Organic growth presents performance on a comparable basis, excluding the impact of foreign
    exchange rates, mergers and acquisitions, the hyperinflation adjustment in Türkiye and other
    adjustments to improve the comparability of results between periods.

    Whilst organic growth is not intended to be a substitute for reported growth, nor is it superior to
    reported growth, we believe that the measure provides useful and necessary information to
    investors and other interested parties for the following reasons:
    

    - It provides additional information on underlying growth of the business without the effect of certain
      factors unrelated to its operating performance;
    

    - It is used for internal performance analysis; and
    

    - It facilitates comparability of underlying growth with other companies (although the term ‘organic’
      is not a defined term under GAAP and may not, therefore, be comparable with similarly-titled
      measures reported by other companies).

    We have not provided a comparative in respect of organic growth rates as the current rates
    describe the change between the beginning and end of the current period, with such changes being
    explained by the commentary in this document. If comparatives were provided, significant sections
    of the commentary for prior periods would also need to be included, reducing the usefulness and
    transparency of this document.

    Service revenue growth in Türkiye excluding the impact of the hyperinflationary
    adjustment
    This growth metric presents performance in Türkiye excluding the hyperinflationary adjustment
    recorded in the Group’s consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 29 ‘Financial
    Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’.
    228       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                              Strategic report                           Governance                           Financials                       Other information






                                                                                                                                          
          Non-GAAP measures - Unaudited information (continued)
          
                                                                                             Reported    M&A and     Foreign   Organic                                                                       Reported   M&A and   Foreign Organic
                                                                          FY26        FY25     growth      Other   exchange     growth                                                       FY26     FY25     growth     Other exchange growth
              Year ended 31 March 2026                                      €m          €m         %         pps        pps         %         Year ended 31 March 2026                         €m       €m         %        pps      pps       %
          Service revenue                                                                                                                     Adjusted EBITDAaL
           Germany                                                    10,874      10,876            -      (0.2)          –      (0.2)
                                                                                                                                              Germany                                      4,243    4,384     (3.2)      (0.1)         -   (3.3)
               Mobile service revenue                                   5,148       4,998        3.0          –           –       3.0         UK                                           1,881    1,558     20.7      (19.7)      3.5     4.5
               Fixed service revenue                                    5,726       5,878        (2.6)     (0.3)          –      (2.9)        Other Europe                                 1,574    1,510       4.2        0.2    (0.7)     3.7
              UK                                                        7,597       5,887       29.0      (32.4)       3.7        0.3         Türkiye                                        983      842     16.7         1.7    29.2     47.6
               Mobile service revenue                                   5,966       4,261       40.0      (44.4)       4.0       (0.4)        Africa                                       2,834    2,593       9.3          –      4.7    14.0
               Fixed service revenue                                    1,631       1,626        0.3          –        2.8        3.1
              Other Europe                                              4,888       4,805        1.7       (0.7)      (0.5)       0.5
              Türkiye1                                                  2,826       2,484       13.8        3.0       28.4      45.2
              Africa                                                    6,653       6,172        7.8          –        5.1      12.9
              Common Functions2                                           763         663                                                     Percentage point change in Adjusted
                                                                                                                                              EBITDAaL margin
           Eliminations                                                 (121)  (129)
                                                                                                                                              Germany                                      35.0%    36.0%     (1.0)        0.1         -   (0.9)
          Total service revenue                                       33,480 30,758              8.8       (6.7)       3.3        5.4
           Other revenue                                               6,981  6,690                                                           UK                                           20.5%    22.0%     (1.5)        2.9         -    1.4

              Revenue                                                 40,461      37,448         8.0       (7.7)       3.4        3.7         Other Europe                                 27.5%    26.5%       1.0        0.6    (0.1)     1.5
                                                                                                                                              Türkiye                                      28.7%    27.3%       1.4        0.1    (0.1)     1.4
                                                                                                                                              Africa                                       33.9%    33.3%       0.6          -    (0.1)     0.5
              Other growth metrics
                                                                                                                                          
              Vodafone Business (‘VB’) - Service revenue                8,179       8,003        2.2       (1.2)       2.2        3.2
              Germany - VB service revenue                              2,369       2,366        0.1       (0.8)          –      (0.7)
              UK - VB service revenue                                   2,129       2,179        (2.3)     (4.9)       2.7       (4.5)
              Other Europe - VB service revenue                         1,571       1,561        0.6        2.8       (0.4)       3.0
              Türkiye - VB service revenue                                456         375       21.6        2.1       30.3      54.0
              Africa - Vodacom Business service revenue                 1,204       1,126        6.9          –        4.4      11.3
              South Africa - Financial services revenue                   185         176        5.1          –        3.0        8.1
              Vodacom International M-Pesa revenue                        494         428       15.4          –        7.7      23.1
              Egypt - Financial services revenue
              (Vodafone Cash)                                             157         114       37.7          –       10.5      48.2

          Notes:
          1. Reported service revenue growth in Türkiye of 13.8% includes 3.0pps in relation to the application of IAS 29 ‘Financial
             Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’. Growth in Türkiye excluding the impact of this hyperinflationary adjustment
             was 10.8%.
          2. Comprises corporate functions and shared operations.
                   Strategic report                            Governance                                       Financials                           Other information            Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026               229






                                                                                                                                 
    Non-GAAP measures - Unaudited information (continued)
    
                                                                                     Reported   M&A and      Foreign   Organic                                                                          Reported   M&A and     Foreign   Organic
                                                                Q4 FY26   Q4 FY25      growth     Other    exchange     growth                                                      Q3 FY26   Q3 FY25     growth     Other   exchange     growth
        Quarter ended 31 March 2026                                  €m        €m          %        pps         pps         %                                                            €m        €m         %        pps        pps         %
                                                                                                                                     Quarter ended 31 December 2025
    Service revenue                                                                                                                  Service revenue
     Germany                                                     2,723     2,670         2.0       (0.7)          –       1.3        Germany                                         2,726    2,706         0.7         –           –       0.7
         Mobile service revenue                                  1,274     1,242         2.7          –           –       2.7
                                                                                                                                      Mobile service revenue                         1,295    1,259         2.8         –           –       2.8
         Fixed service revenue                                   1,449     1,428         1.5       (1.4)          –       0.1         Fixed service revenue                          1,431    1,447        (1.1)        –           –      (1.1)
        UK                                                       1,958     1,489       31.5      (36.9)        5.2       (0.2)       UK                                              1,975    1,507       31.1      (38.4)       6.8       (0.5)
         Mobile service revenue                                  1,539     1,057       45.6      (51.9)        5.8       (0.5)
                                                                                                                                      Mobile service revenue                         1,565    1,096       42.8      (52.1)       7.5       (1.8)
         Fixed service revenue                                     419       432        (3.0)         –        3.8        0.8         Fixed service revenue                            410       411       (0.2)        –        5.0        4.8
        Other Europe                                             1,230     1,194         3.0       (1.2)      (0.6)       1.2        Other Europe                                    1,243    1,201         3.5      (1.6)      (0.7)       1.2
        Türkiye1                                                   828       605       36.9         1.0       (4.2)     33.7
                                                                                                                                     Türkiye1                                          671      776      (13.5)       4.8       47.2      38.5
        Africa                                                   1,732     1,614         7.3          –        3.6      10.9         Africa                                          1,738    1,607         8.2         –        5.3      13.5
        Common Functions2                                          192       176                                                     Common Functions2                                 183      165
     Eliminations                                                  (16)  (28)
                                                                                                                                  Eliminations                                         (30)  (33)
    Total service revenue                                        8,647 7,720           12.0        (8.1)       1.2        5.1    Total service revenue                               8,506 7,929            7.3      (7.8)       5.9        5.4
     Other revenue                                               1,753 1,641                                                      Other revenue                                      1,946 1,882
        Revenue                                                10,400      9,361        11.1       (9.1)       1.0        3.0        Revenue                                        10,452    9,811         6.5      (9.5)       6.0        3.0

        Other growth metrics
                                                                                                                                     Other growth metrics
        Vodafone Business (‘VB’) - Service revenue               2,134     2,062         3.5       (1.5)       1.2        3.2        Vodafone Business (‘VB’) - Service revenue      2,054    2,051         0.1      (1.1)       4.0        3.0
        Germany - VB service revenue                               616       588         4.8       (3.3)          –       1.5        Germany - VB service revenue                      583      594        (1.8)        –           –      (1.8)
        UK - VB service revenue                                    535       565        (5.3)      (6.0)       3.5       (7.8)
                                                                                                                                     UK - VB service revenue                           536      560        (4.3)     (6.1)       5.0       (5.4)
        Other Europe - VB service revenue                          401       405        (1.0)       8.1       (0.3)       6.8        Other Europe - VB service revenue                 407      395         3.0       2.6       (0.9)       4.7
        Türkiye - VB service revenue                               137         98      39.8        (3.2)      (2.1)     34.5         Türkiye - VB service revenue                      111       115       (3.5)      5.1       53.2      54.8
        Africa - Vodacom Business service revenue                  323       296         9.1          –        1.9      11.0
                                                                                                                                     Africa - Vodacom Business service revenue         309      289         6.9         –        5.4      12.3
        South Africa - Financial services revenue                   49         44       11.4          –       (0.1)     11.3         South Africa - Financial services revenue          48        46        4.3         –        4.1        8.4
        Vodacom International M-Pesa revenue                       128        115       11.3          –       12.6      23.9         Vodacom International M-Pesa revenue              133       113      17.7          –        6.9      24.6
        Egypt - Financial services revenue
                                                                                                                                     Egypt - Financial services revenue
        (Vodafone Cash)                                             43         34      26.5           –       10.8      37.3
                                                                                                                                     (Vodafone Cash)                                    47        30      56.7          –        3.3      60.0
    Notes:                                                                                                                       
    1. Reported service revenue growth in Türkiye of 36.9% (Q3 FY26: -13.5%) includes 37.1pps (Q3 FY26: -17.2pps) in
       relation to the application of IAS 29 ‘Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies’. Growth in Türkiye excluding
       the impact of this hyperinflationary adjustment was -0.2% (Q3 FY26: 3.7%).
    2. Comprises corporate functions and shared operations.
    230       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                         Governance   Financials   Other information




          Additional information - Unaudited information
                                                                                                                        
          Analysis of depreciation and amortisation
          The table below presents an analysis of the different components of depreciation and amortisation
          discussed in this document, reconciled to the GAAP amounts in the consolidated income statement.
          
                                                                                                    FY26        FY25
                                                                                                      €m          €m

          Depreciation on leased assets - included in Adjusted EBITDAaL                           3,674       3,205
          Depreciation on leased assets - included in Restructuring costs                           299          30
          Depreciation on leased assets                                                           3,973       3,235
           Depreciation on owned assets                                                           4,391       3,874
          Amortisation of owned intangible assets                                                 4,090       3,695
           Depreciation and amortisation on owned assets                                          8,481       7,569

          Total depreciation and amortisation on owned and leased assets                         12,454      10,804
          (Gain)/loss on disposal of owned fixed assets                                            (199)         25
          Gain on disposal of leased assets                                                          (4)        (12)
              Depreciation and amortisation - as recognised in the consolidated income           12,251      10,817
              statement

          Analysis of tangible and intangible additions
          The table below presents an analysis of the different components of tangible and intangible additions
          discussed in this document.
          
                                                                                                      FY26      FY25
                                                                                                        €m        €m

          Capital additions                                                                         7,291     6,862
          Integration related capital additions                                                       209        31
          Licence and spectrum additions                                                            1,083       236
          Additions to customer bases                                                                   1        –
          Additions                                                                                 8,584     7,129

           Intangible asset additions                                                               3,234     2,655
          Property, plant and equipment owned additions                                             5,350     4,474
          Total additions                                                                           8,584     7,129
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   231



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    232       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank.
          
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   233



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    234       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information



          Page intentionally blank.
          
         Strategic report   Governance   Financials   Other information   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   235



    Page intentionally blank.
    
    236       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                      Strategic report                           Governance                                        Financials                             Other information


          Shareholder information





              Unaudited information
          


          2026/27 financial calendar key dates                     – view information about and join the Vodafone            ShareGift                                                          Payment of dividends by direct credit
                                                                     Group Plc Dividend Reinvestment Plan (‘DRIP’);          We support ShareGift, the charity share donation                   We pay cash dividends directly to shareholders’
          Ex-dividend date for final dividend 4 June 2026
                                                                     and                                                     scheme (registered charity number 1052686).                        bank or building society accounts. This ensures
          for ordinary shareholders
                                                                   – access your online statements.                          Through ShareGift, shareholders who have only a                    secure delivery and means dividend payments are
          Ex-dividend date for final dividend 5 June 2026                                                                    very small number of shares, which might be                        credited to shareholders’ designated accounts on
          for ADR holders                                          Equiniti also offers an internet and telephone share      considered uneconomic to sell, are able to donate                  the same day payment is made. For ordinary
          Record date for final dividend            5 June 2026    dealing service to existing shareholders.                 them to charity. Donated shares are aggregated                     shareholders, a dividend confirmation covering
                                                                   
          AGM                                       27 July 2026       See shareview.co.uk for more information about this
                                                                                                                             and sold by ShareGift, with the proceeds being                     both the interim and final dividends paid during the
                                                                       service                                               passed on to a wide range of UK charities.                         financial year is sent to shareholders at the time of
          Final dividend payment                    30 July 2026                                                                                                                               the interim dividend in February.
                                                                   Shareholders with any queries regarding their                   See sharegift.org or call +44 (0)20 7930 3737
          Useful contacts                                          holding should contact Equiniti on the contact                  for further details                                          Dividend reinvestment plan
          The Registrar                                            details on the left of this page.                                                                                            We offer a dividend reinvestment plan which
                                                                                                                             Warning to shareholders (‘boiler room’ scams)                      allows holders of ordinary shares who choose to
          Equiniti, Aspect House, Spencer Road,
                                                                   Shareholders may also find the Investors section          Over recent years, we have become aware of                         participate to use their cash dividends to acquire
          Lancing, West Sussex, BN99 6DA
                                                                   of our corporate website useful for general queries       investors who have received unsolicited calls or                   additional shares in the Company. These are
          Telephone: +44 (0) 371 384 2532                          and information about the Company.                        correspondence, in some cases purporting to have                   purchased on their behalf by the plan
                                                                                                                           been issued by us, concerning investment matters.                  administrator, Equiniti Financial Services Limited,
                See help.shareview.co.uk for more information          See vodafone.com/investor for further details         These callers typically make claims of highly                      through a low-cost dealing arrangement. For ADS
                about this service                                                                                           profitable investment opportunities that turn out to               holders, J.P. Morgan, through its transfer agent,
          ADS holders                                              AGM                                                       be worthless or simply do not exist. These                         Computershare, maintains the Global Invest Direct
          Computershare Trust Company, P.O. Box                    Our forty-second AGM will be held at Storey Club,         approaches are usually made by unauthorised                        Program, which is a direct purchase and sale plan
          43304, Providence, RI 02940-3304, USA                    Paddington Central, 4 Kingdom Street, London,             companies and individuals and are commonly                         for depositary receipts with a dividend
                                                                   W2 6BD on Monday, 27 July 2026 at 10.30 am.               known as ‘boiler room’ scams. Investors are                        reinvestment facility.
          Telephone: +1 800 233 5601 (toll free), or for                                                                     advised to be wary of any unsolicited advice or                    
          calls from outside the United States: +1 781 575         Shareholder communications                                offers to buy shares. If it sounds too good to be                       See vodafone.com/dividends for further information
          2833                                                     We are taking steps to reduce our impact on our           true, it often is.                                                      about dividend payments
                                                                  planet. The use of electronic communications,             
                See www.computershare.com/investor for more        rather than printed paper documents, means                      See the FCA website at fca.org.uk/scamsmart for more         Taxation of dividends
                information about this service                     information about the Company can be accessed                   detailed information about this or similar activities        See page 240 for details on dividend taxation.
                                                                   through emails or the Company’s website, thus             Dividends                                                          Shareholders as at 31 March 2026
          Shareholder information                                  supporting our efforts to reduce our impact on the
          Managing your shares via Shareview                                                                                 Read more on the dividend amount per share on                      
                                                                   environment.                                              pages 22 and 164.                                                                                     Number of     % of total of
          Our share registrar, Equiniti, operates a portfolio                                                                                                                                   Number of ordinary shares held      accounts   issued shares
          service, Shareview, for investors in ordinary            A growing number of our shareholders have opted           Euro dividends
          shares. This provides our shareholders with              to receive communications from us electronically.                                                                            1–1,000                             17,923             0.02
                                                                                                                             Dividends are declared in euros to align with the
          online access to information about their                 Shareholders who have done so will be sent an                                                                                1,001–5,000                          7,981             0.08
                                                                                                                             functional currency of the Company and paid in
          investments, as well as a facility to help manage        email alert containing a link to the relevant             euros and pounds sterling according to where the                   5,001–50,000                         3,470             0.19
          their holdings online, such as being able to:            documents.                                                shareholder is resident. Cash dividends to ADS
          
                                                                                                                                                                                                50,001–100,000                         265             0.08
                                                                   We encourage all our shareholders to sign up for          holders are paid by the ADS depositary bank in US                  100,001–500,000                        424             0.42
          – update your details online including your
                                                                   this service. You can register for this service at        dollars. The foreign exchange rates at which
            address and dividend payment instructions;                                                                                                                                          More than 500,000                       828          99.21
                                                                   shareview.co.uk or by contacting Equiniti on the          dividends declared in euros are converted into
          – buy and sell shares easily;
                                                                   telephone number provided on the left of this page.       pounds sterling and US dollars are calculated
          – receive certain shareholder communications
                                                                                                                            based on the average exchange rate of the five
            electronically;
                                                                       See vodafone.com/investor for further information     business days during the week prior to the
          – send your general meeting voting instructions              about this service                                    payment of the dividend.
            in advance of shareholder meetings;

          
                  Strategic report                                        Governance                               Financials                         Other information                    Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026         237


    Shareholder information continued





        Unaudited information
    

    Major shareholders                                                      There are no arrangements known to the                  Under the Company’s Articles of Association, a               Purchase of own shares
    As at 13 May 2026, J.P. Morgan, as custodian                            Company that could result in a change of control        Director cannot vote in respect of any proposal in           The Company can make market purchases of its
    of our ADR programme, held approximately                                of the Company.                                         which the Director, or any person connected with             own shares or agree to do so in the future
    12.17% of our ordinary shares of 2020/21 US                                                                                     the Director, has a material interest other than by          provided it is duly authorised by its members in a
    cents each as nominee. At this date, the total                          Other information                                       virtue of the Director’s interest in the Company’s           general meeting and subject to and in accordance
    number of ADRs outstanding was 280,129,279.                             Articles of Association and applicable                  shares or other securities. However, this                    with section 701 of the Companies Act 2006. Such
                                                                            English law                                             restriction on voting does not apply in certain              authority was given at the 2025 AGM. The
    As at 13 May 2026, 1,124 holders of ordinary                            The following description summarises certain            circumstances as set out in the Articles of                  Company will be seeking a renewal of its
    shares had registered addresses in the United                           provisions of the Company’s Articles of                 Association.                                                 permission from shareholders to purchase up to
    States and held a total of approximately 0.01%                          Association and applicable English law. This                                                                         10% of its own shares at the 2026 AGM. In May
    of the ordinary shares of the Company. As at                            summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to    The Directors are empowered to exercise all the              2025, following a comprehensive capital allocation
    31 March 2026, the following voting rights and                          the Companies Act 2006 and the Company’s                powers of the Company to borrow money, subject               review and evaluation of the investment
    percentage interests in the ordinary share                              Articles of Association. The Company is a public        to the limitation that the aggregate amount of all           opportunities across the Group’s strategic
    capital of the Company, disclosable under the                           limited company under the laws of England and           liabilities and obligations of the Group outstanding         footprint, we announced the intention to
    Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rule                               Wales. The Company is registered in England and         at any time shall not exceed an amount equal to              commence a share buyback programme following
    (‘DTR’) 5, had been notified to the Directors.                          Wales under the name Vodafone Group Public              1.5 times the aggregate of the Group’s share                 the sale of Vodafone Italy to Swisscom AG.
                                                                           Limited Company with the registration number            capital and reserves calculated in the manner
    Shareholder                          Voting rights    Shareholding1
                                                                                                                                                                                                 Between (i) 20 May 2025 and 23 July 2025,
                                                                            1833679.                                                prescribed in the Articles of Association, unless            (ii) 24 July 2025 and 10 November 2025,
    Emirates                                                                                                                        sanctioned by an ordinary resolution of the                  (iii) 11 November 2025 and 4 February 2026
    Telecommunications                                                      Full details of where copies of the Articles of         Company’s shareholders.                                      and (iv) 5 February 2026 and 11 May 2026,
                                                                            Association can be obtained are detailed on page
    Group Company                                                                                                                   Directors are not required under the Company’s               Vodafone undertook non-discretionary share
                                                                            239 under ‘Documents on display’.
    PJSC (‘e&’)        3,944,743,685 17.005026%                                                                                     Articles of Association to hold any shares of the            buyback programmes with Citigroup Global
                                                                            All of the Company’s ordinary shares are fully          Company as a qualification to act as a Director,             Markets Limited, Goldman Sachs International,
    BlackRock, Inc.    1,743,626,604      6.50%                                                                                                                                                  Merrill Lynch International and Goldman Sachs
                                                                            paid. Accordingly, no further contribution of capital   although the Executive Directors are required to
    Norges Bank                     803,179,853             3.0004%         may be required by the Company from the holders         under the Company’s Remuneration Policy.                     International respectively following the sale of
    Notes:                                                                  of such shares.                                                                                                     Vodafone Italy to Swisscom AG.
    1. The percentage of voting rights detailed above was                                                                               Read more on the Remuneration Policy on pages 103 to
       calculated at the time of the relevant disclosures made in           English law specifies that any alteration to the            108
       accordance with DTR 5.
                                                                            Articles of Association must be approved by a
    The Company is not aware of any other                                   special resolution of the Company’s shareholders.       At each AGM, all Directors who are to remain on
    changes in the interests disclosed under DTR 5                                                                                  the Board, shall offer themselves for election or
                                                                            Articles of Association                                 re-election, as applicable, in accordance with the
    between 31 March 2026 and 19 May 2026.
                                                                            The Company’s Articles of Association do not            Company’s Articles of Association and in the
    The rights attached to the ordinary shares of the                       specifically restrict the objects of the Company.       interests of good corporate governance.
    Company held by these shareholders are
                                                                            Directors
    identical in all respects to the rights attached to
                                                                            The Directors are empowered under the Articles
    all the ordinary shares of the Company.
                                                                            of Association to exercise all the powers of the
    As at 19 May 2026, the Directors are not aware                          Company subject to any restrictions in the Articles
    of any other interest of 3% or more in the                              of Association, the Companies Act 2006 (as
    ordinary share capital of the Company. The                              defined in the Articles of Association) and any
    Company is not directly or indirectly owned or                          special resolution.
    controlled by any foreign government or any
    other legal entity.

    
    238       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                Strategic report                        Governance                                  Financials                          Other information


          Shareholder information continued





              Unaudited information
          

          Rights attaching to the Company’s shares             dividend, the Directors may invest the dividend or      Employees who hold vested shares in an                    with a pre-emptive offer up to an amount specified
          At 31 March 2026, the issued share capital and       use it in some other way for the benefit of the         EquatePlus account are able to vote by submitting         by the shareholders and free of the pre-emption
          percentage of total share capital represented by     Company until the dividend is claimed. If the           instructions online through the EquatePlus                restriction in section 561. At the 2025 AGM the
          each share class of the Company was as               dividend remains unclaimed for 12 years after the       platform. Note there are two vested share                 amount of relevant securities fixed by shareholders
          follows.                                             relevant resolution either declaring that dividend or   accounts with Computershare (SPA, in respect of           under (i) above and the amount of equity securities
          
                                        Number    Percentage
                                                               providing for payment of that dividend, it will be      shares arising from a SAYE exercise, and                  specified by shareholders under (ii) above were in
                                                               forfeited and belong to the Company.                    MyShareBank, in respect of vested shares from             line with the Pre-Emption Group’s Statement of
          Preference shares            50,000     0.0002%                                                              the Global Incentive Plan).                               Principles though retain the previous limits of
          Ordinary shares
                                                               Voting rights
                                                               At a general meeting of the Company, when voting        Holders of the Company’s 7% cumulative fixed              5 percent rather than adopting the increased limits
          (excluding treasury                                                                                                                                                    of 10 percent nor specifically provided for follow on
          shares)               23,087,114,293   94.8977%      on substantive resolutions (i.e. any resolution that    rate shares are only entitled to vote on any
                                                               is not a procedural resolution) each shareholder        resolution to vary or abrogate the rights attached        offers.
                                                                                                                                                                                 
          Treasury shares        1,241,264,296    5.2021%
                                                               who is entitled to vote and is present in person or     to the fixed rate shares. Holders have one vote for           See vodafone.com/agm for further details of such
          Ordinary shares                                      by proxy has one vote for every share held (a poll      every fully paid 7% cumulative fixed rate share.              proposals provided in the 2026 Notice of AGM
          (total)               24,328,378,589   99.9998%      vote). Procedural resolutions (such as a resolution     Liquidation rights                                        Disclosure of interests in the Company’s
          Total shares                                         to adjourn a general meeting or a resolution on the
          (preference and                                                                                              In the event of the liquidation of the Company,           shares
                                                               choice of Chair of a general meeting) shall be          after payment of all liabilities and deductions in        There are no provisions in the Articles of
          ordinary)             24,328,428,589 100.0000%       decided on a show of hands, where each                  accordance with English law, the holders of the           Association whereby persons acquiring, holding or
          Dividend rights                                      shareholder who is present at the meeting has one       Company’s 7% cumulative fixed rate shares would           disposing of a certain percentage of the
          Holders of 7% cumulative fixed rate shares are       vote regardless of the number of shares held,           be entitled to a sum equal to the capital paid up on      Company’s shares are required to make disclosure
          entitled to be paid in respect of each financial     unless a poll is demanded.                              such shares, together with certain dividend               of their ownership percentage, although such
          year, or other accounting period of the Company,     Shareholders entitled to vote at general meetings       payments, in priority to holders of the Company’s         requirements exist under the DTRs.
          a fixed cumulative preferential dividend of 7%       may appoint proxies who are entitled to vote,           ordinary shares. The holders of the fixed rate            General meetings and notices
          p.a. on the nominal value of the fixed rate          attend and speak at general meetings. Two               shares do not have any other right to share in the        Subject to the Articles of Association, AGMs are
          shares. A fixed cumulative preferential dividend     shareholders present in person or by proxy              Company’s surplus assets.                                 held at such times and places as determined by
          may only be paid out of available distributable      constitute a quorum for purposes of a general                                                                     the Directors of the Company. The Directors may
          profits that the Directors have resolved should                                                              Pre-emptive rights and new issues of shares
                                                               meeting of the Company.                                                                                           also, when they see fit, convene other general
          be distributed.                                                                                              Under section 549 of the Companies Act 2006
                                                               Under English law, shareholders of a public             Directors are, with certain exceptions, unable to         meetings of the Company. General meetings may
          The fixed rate shares do not have any other right    company such as the Company are not permitted           allot the Company’s ordinary shares or securities         also be convened on requisition as provided by the
          to share in the Company’s profits.                   to pass resolutions by written consent. Record          convertible into the Company’s ordinary shares            Companies Act 2006.
          Holders of the Company’s ordinary shares may,        holders of the Company’s ADSs are entitled to           without the authority of the shareholders in a            An AGM is required to be called on no less than
          by ordinary resolution, declare dividends but        attend, speak and vote on a poll or a show of           general meeting. In addition, section 561 of the          21 days’ notice in writing. Subject to obtaining
          may not declare dividends in excess of the           hands at any general meeting of the Company’s           Companies Act 2006 imposes further restrictions           shareholder approval on an annual basis, the
          amount recommended by the Directors. The             shareholders by the depositary’s appointment of         on the issue of equity securities (as defined in the      Company may call other general meetings on
          Board of Directors may also pay interim              them as corporate representatives or proxies with       Companies Act 2006 which includes the                     14 days’ notice. The Directors may determine that
          dividends. No dividend may be paid other than        respect to the underlying ordinary shares               Company’s ordinary shares and securities                  persons entitled to receive notices of meetings are
          out of profits available for distribution.           represented by their ADSs. Alternatively, holders of    convertible into ordinary shares) that are, or are to     those persons entered on the register at the close
                                                               ADSs are entitled to vote by supplying their voting     be, paid up wholly in cash and not first offered to       of business on a day determined by the Directors,
          Dividends on ordinary shares can be paid to          instructions to the depositary or its nominee who       existing shareholders. The Company’s Articles of          but no later than 21 days before the date the
          shareholders in whichever currency the               will vote the ordinary shares underlying their ADSs     Association allow shareholders to authorise               relevant notice is sent. The notice may also specify
          Directors decide, using an appropriate exchange      in accordance with their instructions.                  Directors for a period specified in the relevant          the record date, the time of which shall be
          rate for any currency conversions that are                                                                   resolution to allot (i) relevant securities generally
                                                               Holders of the Company’s ADSs are entitled to                                                                     determined in accordance with the Articles of
          required.                                                                                                    up to an amount fixed by the shareholders and
                                                               receive notices of shareholders’ meetings under                                                                   Association and the Companies Act 2006.
          If a dividend has not been claimed for one year      the terms of the deposit agreement relating to the      (ii) equity securities for cash other than in
          after the date of the resolution passed at a         ADSs.                                                   connection
          general meeting declaring that dividend or the
          resolution of the Directors providing for payment
          of that

          
               Strategic report                           Governance                                    Financials                   Other information                Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026           239


    Shareholder information continued





        Unaudited information
    

    Under section 336 of the Companies Act 2006,            No shareholder has any securities carrying                 proposed appointment of up to two individuals          the Safaricom Share Purchase Agreement, as
    the AGM must be held each calendar year and             special rights with regard to control of the               nominated by e& as non-executive directors to          amended on 1 February 2026, and 22 April
    within six months of the Company’s year end.            Company. The Company is not aware of any                   the Board of Vodafone Group Plc and (ii) the           2026.
                                                            agreements between holders of securities that              ongoing relationship between e& and the              – the Framework Agreement dated 5 May 2026,
    Variation of rights                                     may result in restrictions on the transfer of              Company.                                               between, inter alia, Vodafone and Hutchison in
    If at any time the Company’s share capital is           securities.                                              – the Shareholder Agreement dated 31 May 2025            relation to the capital reduction and cancellation
    divided into different classes of shares, the                                                                      between Vodafone International Operations              of shares in VodafoneThree.
    rights attached to any class may be varied,             Documents on display                                       Limited, Vodafone Group Plc, Brilliant Design
    subject to the provisions of the Companies Act          The Company is subject to the information                  (BVI) Limited, CK Hutchison Group Telecom            Exchange controls
    2006, either with the consent in writing of the         requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to             Holdings Limited and Vodafone UK Trading             There are no UK Government laws, decrees or
    holders of three quarters in nominal value of the       foreign private issuers. In accordance with these          Holdings Limited relating to the merger of           regulations that restrict or affect the export or
    shares of that class or at a separate meeting of        requirements, the Company files its Annual Report          Vodafone UK and Three UK.                            import of capital including, but not limited to,
    the holders of the shares of that class.                on Form 20-F and other related documents with            – the Sale and Purchase Agreement dated                foreign exchange controls on remittance of
                                                            the US Securities and Exchange Commission (the             18 February 2026, between, inter alia, Vodafone      dividends on the ordinary shares or on the
    At every such separate meeting all of the               ‘SEC’). These documents may be inspected at the                                                                 conduct of the Group’s operations.
    provisions of the Articles of Association relating                                                                 Europe B.V. and Liberty Global Holdings Limited
                                                            SEC’s public reference rooms located at 100 F              relating to 50 per cent. Of the issued share
    to proceedings at a general meeting apply,              Street, NE Washington, DC 20549. Information on                                                                 Taxation
    except that (i) the quorum is to be the number of                                                                  capital of VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V. –        As tax is a complex area, investors should consult
                                                            the operation of the public reference rooms can            the Amendment to the Implementation
    persons (which must be at least two) who hold           be obtained in the United States by calling the                                                                 their own tax adviser regarding the US federal,
    or represent by proxy no less than one third in                                                                    Agreement dated 20 March 2017, relating to the       state and local, UK and other tax consequences
                                                            SEC on +1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, some of               combination of the Indian mobile
    nominal value of the issued shares of the class,        the Company’s SEC filings, including all those                                                                  of owning and disposing of shares and ADSs in
    or if such quorum is not present at an adjourned                                                                   telecommunications businesses of Vodafone            their particular circumstances.
                                                            filed on or after 4 November 2002, are available           Group and Idea Group, entered into on
    meeting, one person who holds shares of the             on the SEC’s website at sec.gov.
    class regardless of the number of shares he                                                                        31 December 2025.                                    This section describes, primarily for a US holder
                                                            
    holds; (ii) any person present in person or by              Click to download a copy of the Company’s Articles
                                                                                                                     – the Share Purchase Agreement dated                   (as defined below), in general terms, the principal
    proxy may demand a poll; and (iii) each                     of Association. Copies can also be obtained from       3 December 2025 between Vodafone Kenya               US federal income tax and UK tax consequences
    shareholder will have one vote per share held in            the Company’s registered office                        Limited and the Government of the Republic of        of owning or disposing of shares or ADSs in the
    that particular class in the event a poll is taken.                                                                Kenya relating to the acquisition of                 Company held as capital assets (for US and UK
                                                            Material contracts                                         6,009,814,200 ordinary shares in Safaricom           tax purposes). This section does not, however,
    Class rights are deemed not to have been                At the date of this Annual Report, the Group is not
    varied by the creation or issue of new shares                                                                      PLC from the Government of the Republic of           cover the tax consequences for members of
                                                            party to any contracts that are considered material        Kenya by Vodafone Kenya Limited, as amended          certain classes of holders subject to special rules
    ranking equally, with, or subsequent to that            to its results or operations except for:
    class of shares in sharing in profits or assets of                                                                 on 26 February 2026 and 22 April 2026.               including, for example, US expatriates and former
                                                                                                                    – the Relationship and Co-operation Agreement          long-term residents of the United States; officers
    the Company or by a redemption or repurchase            – its EUR 3,840,000,000 (as increased to EUR
    of the shares by the Company.                                                                                      dated 3 December 2025 between Vodafone               and employees of the Company; holders that,
                                                              4,050,000,000) and USD 3,935,000,000 (as                 Kenya Limited and the Government of the              directly, indirectly or by attribution, hold 5% or
    Limitations on transfer, voting and                       increased to USD 4,004,000,000) revolving                Republic of Kenya, relating to (i) certain           more of the Company’s stock (by vote or value);
    shareholding                                              credit facilities which are discussed in note 21         co-operation undertakings given by the               financial institutions; insurance companies;
    As far as the Company is aware there are no               ‘Borrowings’ to the consolidated statements.             Government of the Republic of Kenya to               individual retirement accounts and other
    limitations imposed on the transfer, holding or         – the Implementation Agreement dated 20 March              Vodafone Kenya Limited and Safaricom PLC in          tax-deferred accounts; tax-exempt organisations;
    voting of the Company’s ordinary shares other             2017, as amended, relating to the combination            connection with the Safaricom Share Purchase         dealers in securities or currencies; investors that
    than those limitations that would generally apply         of the Indian mobile telecommunications                  Agreement, including in respect of amendments        will hold shares or ADSs as part of straddles,
    to all of the shareholders, which apply by law            businesses of Vodafone Group and Idea Group              to the articles of association of Safaricom PLC,     hedging transactions or conversion transactions
    (e.g. due to insider dealing rules) or those that         as detailed in note 27 ‘Acquisitions and                 and (ii) the ongoing relationship between the        for US federal income tax purposes;
    apply as a result of failure to comply with a             disposals’ to the consolidated financial                 Government of the Republic of Kenya and
    notice under section 793 of the Companies Act             statements.                                              Vodafone Kenya Limited following completion of
    2006.                                                   – the Relationship Agreement entered into with
                                                              Emirates Telecommunications Group Company
                                                              PJSC (‘e&’) on 11 May 2023, relating to (i) the

    
    240       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                   Strategic report                        Governance                                   Financials                         Other information


          Shareholder information continued





              Unaudited information
          
          investors holding shares or ADSs in connection         practice, all as of the date hereof. These laws and      holders, as described below. Accordingly, (i) the          our current or accumulated earnings and profits
          with a trade or business conducted outside of          such practice are subject to change, possibly on a       creditability of any UK taxes and (ii) the availability    (as determined for US federal income tax
          the United States; or US holders whose                 retroactive basis.                                       of the reduced tax rates for any dividends received        purposes). Distributions in excess of current and
          functional currency is not the US dollar. A US                                                                  by certain non-corporate US holders, each as               accumulated earnings and profits will be treated as
          holder is a beneficial owner of shares or ADSs         This section is further based in part upon the           described below, could be affected by actions              a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of
          that is for US federal income tax purposes:            representations of the depositary and assumes            taken by such parties or intermediaries. Generally,        the US holder’s basis in the shares or ADSs and
                                                                that each obligation in the deposit agreement and        exchanges of shares for ADRs and ADRs for                  thereafter as capital gain.
          – an individual citizen or resident of the United      any related agreement will be performed in               shares will not be subject to US federal income tax
            States;                                              accordance with its terms.                               or to UK tax other than stamp duty or stamp duty           However, the Company does not maintain
          – a US domestic corporation;                                                                                    reserve tax.                                               calculations of its earnings and profits in
                                                                 For the purposes of the treaty and the US-UK                                                                        accordance with US federal income tax accounting
          – an estate, the income of which is subject to         double taxation convention relating to estate and
            US federal income tax regardless of its                                                                       Taxation of dividends                                      principles. US holders should therefore assume
                                                                 gift taxes (the ‘Estate Tax Convention’), and for US     UK taxation                                                that any distribution by the Company with respect
            source; or                                           federal income tax and UK tax purposes, this
          – a trust, if a US court can exercise primary                                                                   Under current UK law, there is no requirement to           to shares will be reported as ordinary dividend
                                                                 section is based on the assumption that a holder of      withhold tax from the dividends that we pay.               income.
            supervision over the trust’s administration and      ADRs evidencing ADSs will generally be treated as
            one or more US persons are authorised to                                                                      Shareholders who are within the charge to UK
                                                                 the owner of the shares in the Company                   corporation tax will be subject to corporation tax on      Dividends paid to a non-corporate US holder will
            control all substantial decisions of the trust, or   represented by those ADRs. Investors should note                                                                    be taxable to the holder at the reduced rate
            the trust has validly elected to be treated as a                                                              the dividends we pay unless the dividends fall
                                                                 that a ruling by the first-tier tax tribunal in the UK   within an exempt class and certain other                   normally applicable to long-term capital gains
            domestic trust for US federal income tax             has cast doubt on this view, but HMRC have                                                                          provided that certain requirements are met.
            purposes.                                                                                                     conditions are met. It is expected that the
                                                                 stated that they will continue to apply their long-      dividends we pay to such shareholder would                 Dividends must be included in income when the
          If an entity or arrangement treated as a               standing practice of regarding the holder of such        generally be exempt.                                       US holder, in the case of shares, or the depositary,
          partnership for US federal income tax purposes         ADRs as holding the beneficial interest in the                                                                      in the case of ADSs, actually or constructively
          holds the shares or ADSs, the US federal               underlying shares. Similarly, the US Treasury has        Individual shareholders in the Company who are             receives the dividend and will not be eligible for the
          income tax treatment of a partner in such              expressed concern that US holders of depositary          resident in the UK will be subject to income tax on        dividends-received deduction generally allowed to
          partnership will generally depend on the status        receipts, such as holders of ADRs representing our       the dividends we pay. Dividends will be taxable in         US corporations in respect of dividends received
          of the partner and the tax treatment of the            ADSs, may be claiming foreign tax credits in             the UK at the dividend rates applicable (currently         from other US corporations.
          partnership. Holders that are entities or              certain circumstances. These concerns arise              up to 39.35%) where the income received in a
          arrangements treated as partnerships for US            where an intermediary in the ownership chain             single tax year is above the dividend allowance
          federal income tax purposes should consult their       between such holders and the issuer of the               (currently £500) which is taxed at a nil rate.
          tax advisers concerning the US federal income          underlying security has taken actions inconsistent       Dividend income is treated as the highest part of
          tax consequences to them and their partners of         with the ownership of that security by the person        an individual shareholder’s income and the
          the ownership and disposition of shares or ADSs        claiming the credit. This may also occur where a         dividend allowance will count towards the basic or
          by the partnership.                                    party receives depositary receipts or deposited          higher rate limits (as applicable) which may affect
                                                                 shares from the depositary before the                    the rate of tax due on any dividend income in
          This section is based on the US Internal               corresponding securities are received and                excess of the allowance.
          Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, its                  subsequently disposes of the underlying security.
          legislative history, existing and proposed             Such actions may also be inconsistent with the           US federal income taxation
          regulations thereunder, published rulings and          claiming of the reduced tax rates that may be            Subject to the passive foreign investment company
          court decisions, and on the tax laws of the UK,        applicable to certain dividends received by certain      (‘PFIC’) rules described below, a US holder is
          the Double Taxation Convention between the             non-corporate                                            subject to US federal income taxation on the gross
          United States and the UK (the ‘treaty’) and                                                                     amount of any dividend we pay out of
          current HM Revenue and Customs (‘HMRC’)

          
               Strategic report                             Governance                                  Financials                          Other information                       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              241


    Shareholder information continued



        Unaudited information
    
    The amount of the dividend distribution to be               the UK through which it carries on a trade,              tax, the estate tax convention generally provides a              for our current taxable year or the foreseeable future.
    included in income will be the US dollar value of           profession or vocation in the UK.                        credit against US federal tax liabilities for UK                 This conclusion is a factual determination that is
    the pound sterling or euro payments made                                                                             inheritance tax paid.                                            made annually and thus is subject to change. If we
                                                              In such circumstances, relief from double taxation
    determined at the spot pound sterling/US dollar                                                                                                                                       are a PFIC, US holders of shares would be required
                                                              may be available under the treaty. Holders who may         UK stamp duty and stamp duty reserve tax
    rate or the spot euro/US dollar rate, as applicable,                                                                                                                                  (i) to pay a special US addition to tax on certain
                                                              fall within one of the above categories should consult     Stamp duty will, subject to certain exceptions, be
    on the date the dividends are received by the US                                                                                                                                      distributions and (ii) any gain realised on the sale or
                                                              their professional advisers.                               payable on any instrument transferring our shares to
    holder, in the case of shares, or the depositary, in                                                                                                                                  other disposition of the shares or ADSs would in
                                                              US federal income taxation                                 the custodian of the depositary at the rate of 1.5% on
    the case of ADSs, regardless of whether the                                                                                                                                           general not be treated as a capital gain unless a US
                                                              Subject to the PFIC rules described below, a US            the amount or value of the consideration if on sale or
    payment is in fact converted into US dollars at that                                                                                                                                  holder elects to be taxed annually on a
                                                              holder that sells or otherwise disposes of our shares      on the value of such shares if not on sale. Stamp duty
    time. If dividends received in pounds sterling or                                                                                                                                     mark-to-market basis with respect to the shares or
                                                              or ADSs generally will recognise a capital gain or loss    reserve tax (‘SDRT’), at the rate of 1.5% of the
    euros are converted into US dollars on the day                                                                                                                                        ADSs.
                                                              for US federal income tax purposes equal to the            amount or value of the consideration or the value of
    they are received, the US holder generally will not
                                                              difference, if any, between the US dollar value of the     the shares, could also be payable in these                       Otherwise a US holder would be treated as if he or
    be required to recognise any foreign currency gain
                                                              amount realised and the holder’s adjusted tax basis,       circumstances but no SDRT will be payable if stamp               she has realised such gain and certain ‘excess
    or loss in respect of the dividend income. Where
                                                              determined in US dollars, in the shares or ADSs. This      duty equal to such SDRT liability is paid. However,              distributions’ rateably over the holding period for the
    UK tax is payable on any dividends received, a US
                                                              capital gain or loss will be a long-term capital gain or   such transfers will not attract stamp duty or SDRT               shares or ADSs and would be taxed at the highest tax
    holder may be entitled, subject to certain
                                                              loss if the US holder’s holding period in the shares or    where they satisfy the conditions of an exemption,               rate in effect for each such year to which the gain
    limitations, to a foreign tax credit in respect of
                                                              ADSs exceeds one year.                                     including exemptions which can apply to certain                  was allocated. An interest charge in respect of the tax
    such taxes.
                                                                                                                         capital raising or qualifying listing arrangements.              attributable to each such preceding year beginning
    Taxation of capital gains                                 The gain or loss will generally be income or loss from     Specific professional advice should be sought before             with the first such year in which our shares or ADSs
    UK taxation                                               sources within the United States for foreign tax credit    paying a 1.5% SDRT or stamp duty charge in any                   were treated as stock in a PFIC would also apply. In
    A US holder that is not resident in the UK will           limitation purposes. The deductibility of losses is        circumstances.                                                   addition, dividends received from us would not be
    generally not be liable for UK tax in respect of any      subject to limitations.                                                                                                     eligible for the reduced rate of tax described above
                                                                                                                         No stamp duty should in practice be required to be
    capital gain realised on a disposal of our shares or                                                                                                                                  under ‘Taxation of dividends – US federal income
                                                              Additional tax considerations                              paid on any transfer of our ADSs provided that the
    ADSs.                                                                                                                                                                                 taxation’.
                                                              UK inheritance tax                                         ADSs and any separate instrument of transfer are
    However, a US holder may be liable for both UK            An individual who is domiciled in the United States        executed and retained at all times outside the UK.               Back-up withholding and information reporting
    and US tax in respect of a gain on the disposal of        (for the purposes of the Estate Tax Convention) and                                                                         Payments of dividends and other proceeds to
    our shares or ADSs if the US holder:                      is not a UK national will not be subject to UK             A transfer of our shares in registered form will attract
                                                                                                                                                                                          a US holder with respect to shares or ADSs, by
    
                                                              inheritance tax in respect of our shares or ADSs on        ad valorem stamp duty generally at the rate of 0.5%
                                                                                                                                                                                          a US paying agent or other US intermediary will
    – is a citizen of the US and is resident in the UK;       the individual’s death or on a transfer of the shares or   of the purchase price of the shares. There is no
                                                                                                                                                                                          be reported to the Internal Revenue Service and to
    – is an individual who realises such a gain during        ADSs during the individual’s lifetime, provided that       charge to ad valorem stamp duty on gifts.
                                                                                                                                                                                          the US holder as may be required under applicable
      a period of ‘temporary non-residence’ (broadly,         any applicable US federal gift or estate tax is paid,      SDRT is generally payable on an unconditional                    regulations. Back-up withholding may apply to these
      where the individual becomes resident in the            unless the shares or ADSs are part of the business         agreement to transfer our shares in registered form at           payments if the US holder fails to provide an accurate
      UK, having ceased to be so resident for a period        property of a UK permanent establishment or pertain        0.5% of the amount or value of the consideration for             taxpayer identification number or certification of
      of five years or less, and was resident in the UK       to a UK fixed base used for the performance of             the transfer, but if, within six years of the date of the        exempt status or fails to comply with applicable
      for at least four out of the seven tax years            independent personal services. Where the shares or         agreement, an instrument transferring the shares is              certification requirements.
      immediately preceding the year of departure             ADSs have been placed in trust by a settlor they may       executed and stamped, any SDRT which has been
      from the UK);                                           be subject to UK inheritance tax unless, when the          paid would be repayable or, if the SDRT has not been             Certain US holders are not subject to back-up
    – is a US domestic corporation resident in the UK         trust was created, the settlor was domiciled in the        paid, the liability to pay the tax (but not necessarily          withholding. US holders should consult their tax
      by reason of being centrally managed and                United States and was not a UK national. Where the         interest and penalties) would be cancelled. However,             advisers about these rules and any other reporting
      controlled in the UK; or                                shares or ADSs are subject to both UK inheritance          an agreement to transfer our ADSs will not give rise             obligations that may apply to the ownership or
    – is a citizen or a resident of the United States, or     tax and to US federal gift or estate                       to SDRT.                                                         disposition of shares or ADSs, including requirements
      a US domestic corporation, that has used, held                                                                                                                                      related to the holding of certain foreign financial
      or acquired the shares or ADSs in connection                                                                       PFIC rules                                                       assets.
      with a branch, agency or permanent                                                                                 We do not believe that our shares or ADSs will be
      establishment in                                                                                                   stock of a PFIC for US federal income tax purposes

    
    242       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026              Strategic report                         Governance                                          Financials   Other information


          History and development



              Unaudited information
          

          The Company was incorporated under English         – On 01 October 2025, following the                   – On 18 February 2026, Vodafone Group Plc
          law in 1984 as Racal Strategic Radio Limited         announcement on 19 September 2025,                    announced that it agreed to sell its 50% interest
          (registered number 1833679). After various           Vodafone Romania S.A. and Digi Romania S.A.           in VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.
          name changes, 20% of Racal Telecom Plc share         (‘Digi’) announced that they have completed the       (‘VodafoneZiggo’) to Liberty Global plc (‘Liberty
          capital was offered to the public in October         acquisition of OTE’s subsidiary, Telekom              Global’) for €1.0 billion in cash and a 10%
          1988. The Company was fully demerged from            Romania Mobile Communications S.A. (‘TKRM’).          shareholding in a soon-to-be-formed Benelux
          Racal Electronics Plc and became an                – On 30 October 2025, Vodafone Group                    entity (‘Ziggo Group’), which will own 100% of
          independent company in September 1991 at             announced that it had entered into a binding          both VodafoneZiggo and Liberty Global’s
          which time it changed its name to Vodafone           agreement to acquire 100% of Skaylink GmbH            Belgian subsidiary, Telenet Group Holding
          Group Plc. Since then we have entered into           (‘Skaylink’) primarily from funds managed by          (‘Telenet’).
          various transactions which impacted the              Waterland for a total consideration of €175m.       – Subsequent event: On 5 May 2026 Vodafone
          development of the Group. The most significant     – On 04 December 2025, Vodafone Group’s                 Group Plc announced that it had reached an
          in the year ended 31 March 2026 are                  African subsidiary, Vodacom Group (‘Vodacom’)         agreement for the buyout of CK Hutchison
          summarised below.                                    agreed to acquire an effective 20% of the issued      Group Telecom Holding Limited (‘CKHGT’) from
          
                                                               share capital in Safaricom Plc (‘Safaricom’),         the VodafoneThree joint venture for £4.3 billion
          – On 31 May 2025, following the previous             Kenya’s leading telecoms operator (the                (€4.9 billion) via a cancellation of shares.
            announcement on 05 December 2024,                  ‘Acquisition’). Vodacom will acquire 15% from       

            Vodafone Group Plc and CK Hutchison Group                                                                   Click here to view a simplified holding structure for the
                                                               the Government of Kenya (the ‘GOK’) for a cash           Vodafone Group: vodafone.com/ holding-structure
            Telecom Holdings Limited (‘CKHGT’),                consideration of €1.36 billion (KES 204 billion),        Read more in our financial statements, note 12
            announced that the merger of Vodafone UK           and 5% from Vodafone for a cash consideration            ‘Investments in associate and joint arrangements’
            and Three UK successfully completed. The           of €0.45 billion (KES 68 billion).Following
            combined business, named VodafoneThree, is         completion of the Acquisition, Safaricom will be
            51% owned by Vodafone and 49% by CKHGT.            owned by Vodacom (55%), the GOK (20%) and
            Vodafone will fully consolidate VodafoneThree      public investors (25%) and will be consolidated
            in its financial results.                          by both Vodacom and Vodafone.
          – On 19 September 2025, Vodafone Romania           – On 17 December 2025, following the
            S.A. and Digi Romania S.A. (‘Digi’) entered        announcement on 30 October 2025, Vodafone
            into binding agreements with Hellenic              Group announced that it has completed the
            Telecommunications Organization S.A. (‘OTE’)       acquisition of 100% of Skaylink GmbH for a total
            to acquire separate parts of OTE’s subsidiary,     consideration of €175 million.
            Telekom Romania Mobile Communications            – On 31 December 2025, Vodafone Group Plc
            S.A. (‘TKRM’). Vodafone acquired TKRM and          announced that it has reached an agreement
            its post-paid customer base for €30 million        with Vodafone Idea Limited (‘Vi’) in relation to
            (before standard closing adjustments), while       the final amount payable under the Contingent
            Digi has agreed to acquire its pre-paid            Liability Adjustment Mechanism (‘CLAM’), which
            customer business. Both companies will also        was due to expire on 31 December 2025, as well
            gain additional spectrum and towers as part of     as an agreement for Vi to settle outstanding
            the transaction.                                   Vodafone Group service charges. This closes all
                                                               material open issues between Vodafone and Vi.

          
               Strategic report                         Governance                               Financials                       Other information                   Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          243


    Regulation
    Unaudited information


    Introduction                                          Telecommunications regulation                           The national transposition process is not expected        Associated key regulatory updates include the
    Vodafone operates in a highly regulated and           Vodafone continues to meet all existing                 to complete before the end of 2026.                       mandatory localisation rate being increased from
    continually evolving competitive environment          obligations while preparing for the proposed            The EU Cyber Resilience Act is currently going            45% to 60% gradually over a three-year period
    across all markets. We provide a broad range of       Digital Networks Act and the revised                    through implementation ahead of its full                  and a new specific quota for National Products.
    electronic communications services that are           Cybersecurity Act. The former will govern areas         application in December 2027, with ongoing work           Therefore, this rate is set to increase by 15%
    subject to extensive oversight from national          such as long-term spectrum licensing, network           on harmonised standards and alignment with                gradually over three years. The Authority reserves
    regulatory authorities and regional institutions.     access, security, and end-user rights across all        related frameworks such as NIS2. It introduces            the right to increase these rates by up to double,
    This includes regulation specific to                  Member States.                                          mandatory cybersecurity requirements for all              depending on the market availability and supply
    telecommunications networks and services,             Roaming                                                 products with digital elements placed on the EU           status of goods qualifying as National
    data privacy requirements, consumer protection        As of 1 January 2026, the European Commission           market, ensuring they are secure-by-design and            Communication Products. If an operator meets
    rules and broader digital market governance           extended the ‘Roam Like at Home’ provisions to          throughout their lifecycle.                               these specific 5G localisation and national product
    such as competition law, applicable to all            Ukraine and Moldova. This requires EU operators,                                                                  ratios, they will be deemed compliant with their
    commercial activities. Regulation can differ          like Vodafone, inter alia to offer subscribers the
                                                                                                                  Country specific                                          existing 3G and 4.5G domestic obligations. Full
    substantially between jurisdictions, resulting in     possibility to call, text, and use data in Ukraine                                                                compliance with the new targets is expected by
                                                                                                                  Germany
    variations in compliance obligations. Some of         and Moldova, with no additional charges.                                                                          2029.
                                                                                                                  In July 2025, the Ministry for Digital
    our competitors are subject to fewer regulatory                                                               Transformation published draft key points for             Africa
    constraints than Vodafone where regulation is         Privacy/GDPR
                                                          We are subject to a wide range of local, national,      amendments to the German Telecommunications               Vodafone’s African operations continue to operate
    not applied equitably across similar services.                                                                Act aiming to accelerate Fibre-to-the-Home rollout        in a highly regulated environment across both
    Vodafone also operates in an environment              regional and international laws and regulations
                                                          relating to privacy, data protection and data           and digitisation. After a first round of market           telecommunications and mobile financial services
    characterised by rapid technological change                                                                   consultation concluded at the end of August 2025,         such as M-Pesa, as well as under quickly evolving
    and increasing political and societal                 security, which affect all aspects of our business
                                                          across mobile, fixed, broadband, enterprise and         draft legislation was published in February 2026.         regimes governing data protection, cybersecurity
    expectations relating to connectivity, security,                                                                                                                        and digital markets. Regulatory oversight spans
    resilience and digital inclusion. As governments      digital services. Across Europe, our operations are     United Kingdom
                                                          governed by comprehensive data protection and           Following completion of the Vodafone UK/Three             multiple authorities, including national
    seek to reach targets, regulatory interventions                                                                                                                         communications regulators, central banks and
    are becoming more ambitious and frequent.             telecommunications regulatory frameworks,               UK merger on 31 May 2025, Vodafone Group
                                                          including the EU General Data Protection                entered into legally binding commitments with the         competition bodies, and varies significantly across
    This section highlights regulatory changes that                                                                                                                         jurisdictions, often reflecting different policy
    pose a material impact to Vodafone Group, and         Regulation, with active supervision and                 UK Competition & Markets Authority (CMA),
                                                          enforcement by national authorities.                    including an eight-year network investment                priorities and market maturity. In many of our
    which have come into force during the 12                                                                                                                                markets, telecommunications licensing and
    months between 22 May 2025 and 19 May                 In parallel, regulatory focus on artificial             obligation and time-limited retail and wholesale
                                                                                                                  commitments lasting a minimum of three years.             spectrum management remain core regulatory
    2026.                                                 intelligence is increasing. In Europe, a                                                                          touchpoints, while in mobile financial services
    EU                                                    harmonised AI regulatory framework has been             In March 2026, Ofcom concluded its Telecoms               Vodafone is subject to stringent financial-sector
    Vodafone operates under the full suite of EU          adopted and will introduce phased obligations for       Access Review, setting out its approach to access         regulation.
    telecommunications, privacy, and security             certain AI systems.                                     regulation for fixed services until 2031, broadly
    regulations, including the European Electronic        Security Regulations                                    continuing the existing regulatory approach set
    Communications Code, GDPR, NIS2, and                  The EU Network and Information Security                 out in 2021.
    emerging AI and cybersecurity frameworks,             Directive II (NIS2), in effect since 2024, introduced   Türkiye
    while continuing to meet obligations across           new and heightened requirements in security, risk,      BTK (Information Technologies and
    spectrum, interconnection, network regulation,        and incident management and reporting, with             Communications Authority) has updated
    consumer protection and competition. Over the         increased penalties (up to 2% of global turnover).      regulatory obligations for localisation rates, SME
    past year, major EU regulatory developments           It applies to critical sectors, including               quotas, and the introduction of ‘National Product’
    such as the extension of Roam Like at Home to         Telecommunications. Vodafone EU Operating               requirements for mobile operators transitioning to
    Ukraine and Moldova, and new cybersecurity            Companies and Group companies providing                 5G. These changes mandate stricter adherence to
    and AI requirements have introduced important         services in the EU are in scope. Approximately 19       domestic sourcing targets by 2029.
    updates shaping Vodafone’s obligations across         of 27 Member States have transposed the NIS
    the region.                                           Directive into national law.

    
    244       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                                         Strategic report                                        Governance                                           Financials                                 Other information


          Regulation continued
              Unaudited information

          Overview of spectrum licences as of 31 March 2026
          
                                                                                                                700MHz                 800Mhz                    900Mhz       1400/1500Mhz               1800MHz                   2.1GHz        2.3GHz                   2.6GHz                 3.5GHz
                                                                                                               Quantity1             Quantity1                 Quantity1           Quantity1             Quantity1              Quantity1     Quantity1                Quantity1              Quantity1
                                                                                                            (Expiry Date)         (Expiry Date)             (Expiry Date)      (Expiry Date)          (Expiry Date)          (Expiry Date) (Expiry Date)            (Expiry Date)          (Expiry Date)

              Germany                                                                                    2x10 (2033)            2x10 (2030)             2x10 (2033)              20 (2033)           2x25 (2036)            2x20 (2040)            n/a            2x20 (2030)              90 (2040)
              UK3                                                                                    2x10 (perpetual)       2x10 (perpetual)      2x17.4 (perpetual)         20 (perpetual)    2x20.8 (perpetual)      2x20 (perpetual)            n/a     2x20+25 (perpetual)        110 (perpetual)
                                                                                                                             2x5 (perpetual)                                20 (perpetual)4                           2x9.4 (perpetual)4                                            100 (perpetual)2.4
              Ireland                                                                                     2X10 (2042)            2x10 (2030)               2x10 (2030)                 n/a           2x25 (2030)           2X20 (2042)             n/a       2x35 + 30 (2042)             1055 (2032)
              Portugal                                                                                    2X10 (2041)            2x10 (2027)                2x5 (2033)                 n/a            2x6 (2033)           2x20 (2033)             n/a        2x20+25 (2027)                90 (2041)
                                                                                                                                                           2x52 (2027)                              2x142 (2027)
              Romania                                                                                       2X5 (2047)           2x15 (2029)               2x13 (2029)                 n/a           2x40 (2029)           2x20 (2031)             n/a                      n/a          100 (2047)2

              Greece1                                                                                      2x10 (2036)           2x10 (2030)               2x15 (2027)                 n/a          2x10 (2027)            2x20 (2036)             n/a         2x20+20 (2030)             140 (2036)
                                                                                                                                                                                                   2x152 (2035)
              Czech Republic                                                                               2x10 (2036)           2x10 (2029)               2x10 (2049)                 n/a          2x23 (2049)            2x20 (2041)             n/a             2x20 (2029)            100 (2032)
                                                                                                                                                                                                      2x4 (2029)
              Albania6                                                                                               n/a         2x10 (2034)                2x8 (2031)                 n/a          2x7.2 (2034)             2x5 (2026)            n/a         2x20+20 (2030)             120 (2039)
                                                                                                                                                          2x1.82 (2030)                           2x14.42 (2030)        2x15+52 (2025)                            2x202 (2031)
                                                                                                                                                            2x42 (2039)                              2x92 (2031)            2x52 (2029)
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2x92 (2039)            2x52 (2031)
              South Africa7                                                                                2x10 (2042)                   n/a               2x118 (2029)                n/a          2x12 (2029)            2x158 (2029)            n/a               80 (2042)              10 (2042)
              Democratic Republic of Congo                                                                 2x10 (2038)           2x10 (2038)                 2x7 (2038)                n/a          2x18 (2038)             2x10 (2032)            n/a               30 (2032)                    n/a
              Lesotho                                                                                              n/a          2x209 (2036)             2x22.29 (2036)                n/a        2x30.29 (2036)           2x209 (2036)            n/a                     n/a            1009 (2036)
              Mozambique                                                                                             n/a         2x10 (2039)               2x7.8 (2039)                n/a           2x20 (2039)         2x15+5 (2039)             n/a                      n/a                   6010
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2x52,10 (2027)
              Tanzania                                                                                                                                                                                                                             70
                                                                                                           2x10 (2033)           2x10 (2039)             2x12.5 (2039)                 n/a           2x10 (2039)           2x15 (2039)         (2037)              2x10 (2039)              40 (2039)
                                                                                                          2x102 (2037)                                                                                                                                              25 (2037)              502 (2040)
              Türkiye                                                                                      2x10 (2042)           2x10 (2042)             2x12.4 (2042)1                n/a           2x10 (2042)         2x15+5 (2042)             n/a         2x15+10 (2042)               80 (2042)

              Egypt                                                                                                  n/a                   n/a           2x12.5 (2039)                 n/a           2x20 (2039)           2x20 (2039)             n/a             1x40 (2032)                     n/a
          
          Notes:                                                                                                                                                9. Lesotho: Vodacom’s Lesotho spectrum licences are attached to a unified services license and renewed annually.
          1. All: Single (or unpaired) blocks of spectrum are used for asymmetric data (non-voice) use; block quantity has been rounded to the nearest          10.Mozambique: 3.5GHz spectrum for 5G trial. 2x5 of 2.1GHz and 2x5 of 1800MHz have been acquired and expires in 2039. A further 2x2MHz
             whole number.                                                                                                                                         of 900MHz was also acquired expiring in line with the overall unified license.
          2. Multiple: Blocks within the same spectrum band but with different licence expiry dates or non-contiguous are separately identified.
          3. UK: all UK spectrum licences are perpetual so any dates given are the ones from which licence fees become payable, and where no date
             is given this means that licence fees already apply.
          4. UK: Spectrum to be acquired by VMO2 subject to availability as part of the extended Network Sharing Agreement following the
             VodafoneThree merger.
          5. Ireland: 105MHz in cities, 85MHz in regions.
          6. Albania: As part of the merger remedies from the ONE-ALBtelecom merger, Vodafone acquired the following spectrum from the merged
             entity effective 1 May 2023: 2X4.5 MHz of 1800 MHz expiring June 2024; 2X7.2 MHz of 1800 MHz expiring March 2034; 2X5 MHz of 2.1
             GHz expiring June 2026; and 2X20 MHz of 2.6 GHz expiring May 2031.
          7. South Africa: Under South Africa’s licensing regime, Vodacom has been assigned a network and service operating licence. This operating
             licence permits Vodacom to be assigned spectrum licences which are valid for the duration of the operating licence, subject to annual
             renewal through the payment of annual spectrum usage regulatory fees. Vodacom’s operating licence will expire in 2029.
          8. South Africa: South African Regulator has indicated that it has approved Vodacom’s 2100MHz license amendment which effectively
             returns the 2100TDD spectrum.

          
               Strategic report                         Governance                              Financials                                 Other information               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   245


    Form 20-F cross reference guide
        Unaudited information

    This 20-F cross reference guide is provided to signpost the relevant sections in the Annual Report on           display’ on page 239 for information on how to access the 2026 20-F as filed with the SEC. The 2026 20-F
    Form 20-F 2026 (‘2026 20-F’) to the Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) disclosure                       has not been approved or disapproved by the SEC nor has the SEC passed judgement upon the adequacy
    requirements for foreign private issuers. No other information in this document is included in the 2026         or accuracy of the 2026 20-F.
    20-F or incorporated by reference into any filings by us under the Securities Act. Please see ‘Documents
    on
    
    Item         Form 20-F caption                                                                             Location in this document                                                                      Page

    1            Identity of Directors, senior management and advisers                                         Not applicable                                                                                 –
    2            Offer statistics and expected timetable                                                       Not applicable                                                                                 –
    3            Key information
                 3B Capitalisation and indebtedness                                                            Not applicable                                                                                 –
                 3C Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds                                                  Not applicable                                                                                 –
                 3D Risk factors                                                                               Principal risks and uncertainties                                                              60 to 62
    4            Information on the Company
                 4A History and development of the Company                                                     History and development                                                                        242
                                                                                                               Contact details                                                                                Back cover
                                                                                                               Shareholder information: Contact details for Equiniti and Computershare Trust Company          236
                                                                                                               Shareholder information: Articles of Association and applicable English law                    237
                                                                                                               Note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’                                                                  141 to 147
                                                                                                               Note 2 ‘Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis’                                         148 to 150
                                                                                                               Note 7 ‘Discontinued operations and assets held for sale’                                      162 to 163
                                                                                                               Note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’                                                        167 to 168
                                                                                                               Note 27 ‘Acquisitions and disposals’                                                           199 to 201
                                                                                                               Note 28 ‘Commitments’                                                                          202
                                                                                                               Shareholder information: Documents on display                                                  239
                 4B Business overview                                                                          Business model                                                                                 2
                                                                                                               Our mission: Connecting                                                                        3
                                                                                                               Investment case                                                                                4
                                                                                                               Long-term trends shaping our industry                                                          5
                                                                                                               Chair’s message                                                                                6
                                                                                                               Chief Executive’s statement and strategic roadmap                                              7
                                                                                                               Key performance indicators                                                                     8
                                                                                                               Our financial performance                                                                      12 to 22
                                                                                                               ESG and responsible business                                                                   23 to 27
                                                                                                               Note 2 ‘Revenue disaggregation and segmental analysis’                                         148 to 150
                                                                                                               Regulation                                                                                     243 to 244
                 4C Organisational structure                                                                   Note 31 ‘Related undertakings’                                                                 206 to 217
                                                                                                               Note 12 ‘Associates and joint arrangements’                                                    169 to 174
                                                                                                               Note 13 ‘Other investments’                                                                    175
    
    246       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report          Governance                                  Financials                            Other information


          Form 20-F cross reference guide continued
          Unaudited information

          Item          Form 20-F caption                                                           Location in this document                                                                           Page

                        4D Property, plant and equipment                                            Note 11 ‘Property, plant and equipment’                                                             167 to 168
          4A            Unresolved staff comments                                                   None                                                                                                –
          5             Operating and financial review and prospects
                        5A Operating results                                                        Our financial performance                                                                           12 to 22
                                                                                                    Cyber                                                                                               52 to 56
                                                                                                    Note 21 ‘Borrowings’                                                                                183
                                                                                                    Regulation                                                                                          243
                        5B Liquidity and capital resources                                          Our financial performance: Cash flow and funding                                                    19 to 20
                                                                                                    Long-term viability statement                                                                       64
                                                                                                    Directors’ statement of responsibility: Going concern, Cash flow and liquidity reviews              125 to 126
                                                                                                    Note 19 ‘Cash and cash equivalents’                                                                 180
                                                                                                    Note 21 ‘Borrowings’                                                                                183
                                                                                                    Note 22 ‘Capital and financial risk management’                                                     184 to 192
                                                                                                    Note 28 ‘Commitments’                                                                               202
                        5C Research and development, patents and licences etc.                      Note 10 ‘Intangible assets’                                                                         165 to 167
                                                                                                    Regulation: Overview of spectrum licences                                                           244
                        5D Trend information                                                        Long-term trends shaping our industry                                                               5
                                                                                                    Key performance indicators                                                                          8
                                                                                                    Long-term viability statement                                                                       64
                        5E Critical accounting estimates                                            Note 1 ‘Basis of preparation’                                                                       141 to 147
          6             Directors, senior management and employees
                        6A Directors and senior management                                          Our governance structure                                                                            74 to 75
                                                                                                    Division of responsibilities                                                                        76
                                                                                                    Our Board                                                                                           77 to 80
                                                                                                    Our Executive Committee                                                                             81
                        6B Compensation                                                             Annual Report on Remuneration                                                                       109 to 120
                                                                                                    Remuneration Policy                                                                                 103 to 108
                                                                                                    Note 23 ‘Directors and key management compensation’                                                 193
                        6C Board practices                                                          Our Board                                                                                           77 to 80
                                                                                                    Our governance structure                                                                            74 to 75
                                                                                                    Division of responsibilities                                                                        76
                                                                                                    Board activities and key areas of focus during the year                                             84 to 86
                                                                                                    Nominations and Governance Committee                                                                89 to 91
                                                                                                    Audit and Risk Committee                                                                            92 to 97
                                                                                                    Technology Committee                                                                                98
                                                                                                    ESG Committee                                                                                       99
                                                                                                    Remuneration Committee                                                                              100 to 102
                                                                                                    Remuneration policy                                                                                 103 to 108
                                                                                                    Shareholder information: Articles of Association and applicable English law                         237
          
           Strategic report                          Governance                                   Financials                               Other information             Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026   247


    Form 20-F cross reference guide continued
    Unaudited information

    Item     Form 20-F caption                                                                                 Location in this document                                                                    Page
             6D Employees                                                                                      Our people strategy                                                                          38 to 43
                                                                                                               Note 24 ‘Employees’                                                                          193
             6E Share ownership                                                                                Annual Report on Remuneration                                                                109 to 120
                                                                                                               Remuneration Policy                                                                          103 to 108
                                                                                                               All-employee share plans                                                                     113
                                                                                                               Note 26 ‘Share-based payments’                                                               198 to 199
             6F Disclosure of a registrant’s action to recover erroneously awarded compensation                Not applicable                                                                               –
    7        Major shareholders and related party transactions
             7A Major shareholders                                                                             Shareholder information: Major shareholders                                                  237
             7B Related party transactions                                                                     Annual Report on Remuneration                                                                109 to 120
                                                                                                               Note 13 ‘Other investments’                                                                  175
                                                                                                               Note 23 ‘Directors and key management compensation’                                          193
                                                                                                               Note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’                                       202 to 204
                                                                                                               Note 30 ‘Related party transactions’                                                         205
             7C Interests of experts and counsel                                                               Not applicable                                                                               –
    8        Financial information
             8A Consolidated statements and other financial information                                        Consolidated financial statements                                                            137 to 218
                                                                                                               Report of independent registered public accounting firm                                      127 to 130
                                                                                                               Note 29 ‘Contingent liabilities and legal proceedings’                                       202 to 204
                                                                                                               Dividend rights                                                                              238
             8B Significant changes                                                                            Not applicable                                                                               –
    9        The offer and listing
             9A Offer and listing details                                                                      Shareholder information                                                                      236 to 241
             9B Plan of distribution                                                                           Not applicable                                                                               –
             9C Markets                                                                                        Shareholder information: Rights attaching to the Company’s shares                            238
             9D Selling shareholders                                                                           Not applicable                                                                               –
             9E Dilution                                                                                       Not applicable                                                                               –
             9F Expenses of the issue                                                                          Not applicable                                                                               –
    10       Additional information
             10A Share capital                                                                                 Note 17 ‘Called up share capital’                                                            179
             10B Memorandum and Articles of Association                                                        Shareholder information                                                                      236 to 241
                                                                                                               Description of securities registered                                                         –
             10C Material contracts                                                                            Shareholder information: Material contracts                                                  239
             10D Exchange controls                                                                             Shareholder information: Exchange controls                                                   239
             10E Taxation                                                                                      Shareholder information: Taxation                                                            239 to 241
             10F Dividends and paying agents                                                                   Note 9 ‘Equity dividends’                                                                    164
                                                                                                               Shareholder information                                                                      236 to 241
             10G Statements by experts                                                                         Not applicable                                                                               –
             10H Documents on display                                                                          Shareholder information: Documents on display                                                239
             10I Subsidiary information                                                                        Note 31 ’Related undertakings’                                                               206 to 217
    
    248       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                 Strategic report             Governance                             Financials                    Other information


          Form 20-F cross reference guide continued
          Unaudited information

          Item          Form 20-F caption                                                              Location in this document                                                              Page

                        10J Annual Report to security holders                                          Not applicable                                                                         –
          11            Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk                     Note 22 ‘Capital and financial risk management’                                        184 to 192
          12            Description of securities other than equity securities                         Shareholder information                                                                236 to 241
                        12A Debt securities                                                            Not applicable                                                                         –
                        12B Warrants and rights                                                        Not applicable                                                                         –
                        12C Other securities                                                           Not applicable                                                                         –
                        12D American depositary shares                                                 Fees payable by ADR holders                                                            Exhibit 99.1
          13            Defaults, dividend arrearages and delinquencies                                Not applicable                                                                         –
          14            Material modifications to the rights of security holders and use of proceeds   Not applicable                                                                         –
          15            Controls and procedures                                                        Governance                                                                             71 to 123
                                                                                                       Directors’ statement of responsibility: Controls over financial reporting              126
                                                                                                       Report of independent registered public accounting firm                                127 to 130
          16            Reserved
                        16A Audit Committee financial expert                                           Board Committees                                                                       89 to 99
                        16B Code of ethics                                                             Our US listing requirements                                                            121
                        16C Principal accountant fees and services                                     Note 3 ‘Operating profit/(loss)’                                                       151
                                                                                                       Board Committees: Audit and Risk Committee: External audit process                     97
                        16D Exemptions from the listing standards for audit committees                 Not applicable                                                                         –
                        16E Purchase of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers      Share buybacks                                                                         21
                        16F Change in registrant’s certifying accountant                               Not applicable                                                                         –
                        16G Corporate governance                                                       Our US listing requirements                                                            121
                        16H Mine safety disclosure                                                     Not applicable                                                                         –
                        16I Disclosure regarding foreign jurisdictions that prevent inspections        Not applicable                                                                         –
                        16J Insider trading policies                                                   Securities dealing policy                                                              –
                        16K (b) Cybersecurity                                                          Cyber: Strategy                                                                        52
                                                                                                       Cyber: Risk management                                                                 53 to 54
                                                                                                       Cyber: Governance                                                                      53
                                                                                                       Cyber: Operations and incidents                                                        55
                        16K (c) Cybersecurity                                                          Cyber: Operating model                                                                 52
          17            Financial statements                                                           Consolidated financial statements                                                      137 to 218
          18            Financial statements                                                           Consolidated financial statements                                                      137 to 218
                                                                                                       Report of independent registered public accounting firm                                127 to 130
          19            Exhibits                                                                       Index to Exhibits                                                                      –
          
               Strategic report                        Governance                                  Financials                      Other information                  Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026          249


    Forward-looking statements

        Unaudited information
    

    This document contains ‘forward-looking              Forward-looking statements are sometimes but               of high-quality products from suppliers;                A review of the reasons why actual results and
    statements’ within the meaning of the US             not always identified by their use of a date in the      – Loss of suppliers, disruption of supply chains,         developments may differ materially from the
    Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995     future or such words as ‘will’, ‘may’, ‘expects’,          shortages, and greater than anticipated prices          expectations disclosed or implied within forward-
    with respect to the Group’s financial condition,     ‘believes’, ‘continue’, ‘plans’, ‘further’, ‘ongoing’,     of new mobile handsets;                                 looking statements can be found in ‘Principal risks
    results of operations and businesses, and            ‘progress’, ‘targets’, or ‘could’. By their nature,      – Changes in the costs to the Group of, or the            and uncertainties’ on pages 60 to 62 of this
    certain of the Group’s plans and objectives. In      forward-looking statements are inherently                  rates the Group may charge for, terminations            document. All subsequent written or oral forward-
    particular, such forward-looking statements          predictive, speculative and involve risk and               and roaming minutes;                                    looking statements attributable to Vodafone or any
    include, but are not limited to, statements with     uncertainty because they relate to events and            – The impact of a failure or significant interruption     member of the Vodafone Group or any persons
    respect to:                                          depend on circumstances that will occur in the             to the Group’s telecommunications, data                 acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in
    
                                                         future. There are a number of factors that could           centres, networks, IT systems, or data                  their entirety by the factors referred to above. No
    – The Group’s portfolio transformation plan;         cause actual results and developments to differ            protection systems;                                     assurances can be given that the forward-looking
    – Expectations regarding the Group’s financial       materially from those expressed or implied by            – The Group’s ability to realise expected benefits        statements in this document will be realised.
      condition or results of operations and the         these forward-looking statements. These factors            from acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures,        Subject to compliance with applicable law and
      guidance for Adjusted EBITDAaL and                 include, but are not limited to the following:             associates, franchises, brand licences, platform        regulations, Vodafone does not intend to update
      Adjusted free cash flow for the financial year     
                                                                                                                    sharing, or other arrangements with third               these forward-looking statements and does not
      ending 31 March 2027;                              – General economic and political conditions in the         parties, including the combination of Vodafone’s        undertake any obligation to do so.
    – The integration of Skaylink, Telekom Romania         jurisdictions in which the Group operates and            UK business with Three UK, the mobile network
      and VodafoneThree;                                   changes to the associated legal, regulatory and                                                                  Ernst & Young LLP has neither examined,
                                                                                                                    sharing agreement with Virgin Media O2, and
    – The acquisition of an increased shareholding         tax environments;                                                                                                compiled, nor performed any procedures with
                                                                                                                    the Group’s strategic partnerships with Microsoft
      in Safaricom;                                      – Increased competition;                                                                                           respect to the forward-looking statements.
                                                                                                                    and Google;
    – The announced agreement to acquire full            – Levels of investment in network capacity and                                                                     Accordingly, Ernst & Young LLP does not express
                                                                                                                  – Acquisitions and divestments of Group
      ownership of VodafoneThree;                          the Group’s ability to deploy new technologies,                                                                  an opinion or provide any other form of assurance
                                                                                                                    businesses and assets and the pursuit of new,
    – General expectations for the Group’s future          products and services, including artificial                                                                      on such information.
                                                                                                                    unexpected strategic opportunities;
      performance;                                         intelligence;                                          – The Group’s ability to integrate acquired
    – Expectations for the Group’s dividend policy;      – The Group’s ability to optimise its portfolio in         business or assets;
    – The Group’s share buyback programme;                 line with its business transformation plan;            – The extent of any future write-downs or
    – Expectations regarding the operating               – Evolving cyber threats to the Group’s services           impairment charges on the Group’s assets, or
      environment and market conditions and                and confidential data;                                   restructuring charges incurred as a result of an
      trends, including customer usage, competitive      – Rapid changes to existing products and                   acquisition or disposal;
      position and macroeconomic pressures, price          services and the inability of new products and         – Developments in the Group’s financial condition,
      trends and opportunities in specific                 services to perform in accordance with                   earnings and distributable funds and other
      geographic markets;                                  expectations;                                            factors that the Board takes into account in
    – Intentions and expectations regarding the          – The ability of the Group to integrate new                determining the level of dividends;
      development, launch, and expansion of                technologies, products and services with               – The Group’s ability to satisfy working capital
      products, services and technologies, either          existing networks, technologies, products and            requirements; changes in foreign exchange
      introduced by Vodafone or by Vodafone in             services;                                                rates;
      conjunction with third parties or by third         – The Group’s ability to generate and grow               – Changes in the regulatory framework in which
      parties independently;                               revenue;                                                 the Group operates;
    – Expectations regarding the integration or          – Slower than expected impact of new or existing         – The impact of legal or other proceedings
      performance of current and future                    products, services or technologies on the                against the Group or other companies in the
      investments, associates, joint ventures,             Group’s future revenue, cost structure and               communications industry; and
      non-controlled interests, and newly acquired         capital expenditure outlays;                           – Changes in statutory tax rates and profit mix.
      businesses;                                        – Slower than expected customer growth,
    – The impact of regulatory and legal                   reduced customer retention, reductions or
      proceedings involving the Group and of               changes in customer spending and increased
      scheduled or potential regulatory changes;           pricing pressure;
      and                                                – The Group’s ability to extend and expand its
    – Certain of the Group’s plans and objectives,         spectrum resources to support ongoing growth
      including the Group’s strategy.                      in customer demand for mobile data services;
                                                         – The Group’s ability to secure the timely delivery

    
    250       Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026                      Strategic report                           Governance                               Financials                              Other information


          Definition of terms

              Unaudited information

          The definitions of non-GAAP measures are included in the ‘Non-GAAP measures’ section on pages 226 to 235.
          
          


          3G                           A cellular technology based on wideband code division multiple access delivering      CO2e                            CO2e, or Carbon dioxide equivalent, is a term for describing different greenhouse
                                       voice and faster data services.                                                                                       gases in a common unit. For any quantity and type of greenhouse gas, CO2e
                                                                                                                                                             signifies the amount of CO2 which would have the equivalent global warming
          4G                           4G or long-term evolution (‘LTE’) technology offers faster data transfer speeds                                       impact.
                                       than 3G.
                                                                                                                             Common Functions                Comprises corporate functions and commercial shared operations.
          5G                           5G is the fifth-generation wireless broadband technology which provides better
                                       speeds and coverage than 4G.                                                          Converged customer              A customer who receives fixed and mobile services (also known as unified
                                                                                                                                                             communications) on a single bill or who receives a discount across both bills.
          Adjusted EBITDAaL            Adjusted EBITDAaL is our segment performance measure in accordance with
                                       IFRS 8 (Operating Segments). Adjusted EBITDAaL is operating profit after              Depreciation and                The accounting charge that allocates the cost of tangible or intangible assets,
                                       depreciation on lease-related right of use assets and interest on lease liabilities   amortisation                    whether owned or leased, to the income statement over its useful life. The measure
                                       but excluding depreciation, amortisation and gains/losses on disposal of owned                                        includes the profit or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment, software
                                       assets and excluding share of results of equity accounted associates and joint                                        and leased assets.
                                       ventures, impairment losses/ reversals, restructuring costs arising from discrete
                                                                                                                             Eliminations                    Refers to the removal of intercompany transactions to derive the consolidated
                                       restructuring plans, other income and expense and significant items that are not
                                                                                                                                                             financial statements.
                                       considered by management to be reflective of the underlying performance of the
                                       reporting segment.                                                                    Europe                          Comprises the Group’s European businesses and the UK.
          ADR                          American depositary receipts is a mechanism designed to facilitate trading in         FCA                             Financial Conduct Authority.
                                       shares of non-US companies on the US stock markets. The main purpose is to
                                                                                                                             Financial services revenue      Financial services revenue includes fees generated from the provision of advanced
                                       create an instrument which can easily be settled through US stock market
                                                                                                                                                             airtime, overdraft, financing and lending facilities, as well as merchant payments
                                       clearing systems.
                                                                                                                                                             and the sale of insurance products (e.g. device insurance, life insurance and
          ADS                          American depositary shares are shares evidenced by American depositary                                                funeral cover).
                                       receipts. ADSs are issued by a depositary bank and represent one or more
                                                                                                                             Fixed service revenue           Service revenue (see overleaf) relating to the provision of fixed line and carrier
                                       shares of a non-US issuer held by the depositary bank. The main purpose of
                                                                                                                                                             services.
                                       ADSs is to facilitate trading in shares of non-US companies in the US markets
                                       and, accordingly, ADRs which evidence ADSs are in a form suitable for holding in      Fibre to the cabinet (‘FTTC’)   Involves running fibre optic cables from the telephone exchange or distribution
                                       US clearing systems.                                                                                                  point to the street cabinets which then connect to a standard phone line to provide
                                                                                                                                                             broadband.
          Africa                       Comprises the Vodacom Group.
                                                                                                                             Fibre to the home (‘FTTH’)      Provides an end-to-end fibre optic connection the full distance from the exchange
          AGM                          Annual General Meeting.
                                                                                                                                                             to the customer’s premises.
          Applications (‘apps’)        Apps are software applications usually designed to run on a smartphone or tablet
                                                                                                                             GAAP                            Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
                                       device and provide a convenient means for the user to perform certain tasks.
                                       They cover a wide range of activities including banking, ticket purchasing, travel    GSMA                            Global System for Mobile Communications Association.
                                       arrangements, social networking and games. For example, the MyVodafone app
                                                                                                                             ICT                             Information and Communications Technology.
                                       lets customers check their bill totals on their smartphone and see the minutes,
                                       texts and data allowance remaining.                                                   IFRS                            International Financial Reporting Standards.
          ARPU                         Average revenue per user, defined as customer revenue and incoming revenue            Incoming revenue                Comprises revenue from termination rates for voice and messaging to
                                       divided by average customers.                                                                                         Vodafone customers.
          Capital additions            Comprises the purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,        Integration capital additions   Capital additions incurred in relation to significant changes in the operating model,
                                       other than licence and spectrum payments and integration capital expenditure.                                         such as the integration of recently acquired subsidiaries.
          Churn                        Total gross customer disconnections in the period divided by the average total        Internet of Things (‘IoT’)      The network of physical objects embedded with electronics, software, sensors, and
                                       customers in the period.                                                                                              network connectivity, including built-in mobile SIM cards, that enables these objects
                                                                                                                                                             to collect data and exchange communications with one another or a database.
          Cloud services               This means the customer has little or no equipment, data and software at their
                                       premises. The capability associated with the service is run from the Vodafone         Mark-to-market                  Mark-to-market or fair value accounting refers to accounting for the value of an
                                       network and data centres instead. This removes the need for customers to make                                         asset or liability based on the current market price of the asset or liability.
                                       capital investments and instead they have an operating cost model with a
                                       recurring monthly fee.                                                                
          
                Strategic report                     Governance                                Financials                     Other information               Vodafone Group Plc Annual Report on Form 20-F 2026            251


    Definition of terms continued

        Unaudited information
    
    




    Mbps                           Megabits (millions) of bits per second.                                    RAN                              Radio access network is the part of a mobile telecommunications system
    MDU                            Multi-Dwelling Unit.                                                                                        which provides cellular coverage to mobile phones via a radio interface,
                                                                                                                                               managed by thousands of base stations installed on towers and rooftops
    Mobile broadband               Mobile broadband allows internet access through a browser or a native                                       across the coverage area, and linked to the core nodes through a
                                   application using any portable or mobile device such as smartphone,                                         backhaul infrastructure which can be owned, leased or a mix of both.
                                   tablet or laptop connected to a cellular network.
                                                                                                              Reported growth                  Reported growth is based on amounts reported in euros and determined
    Mobile service revenue         Service revenue (see below) relating to the provision of mobile                                             under IFRS.
                                   services.
                                                                                                              Restructuring costs              Costs incurred by the Group following the implementation of discrete
    Mobile termination rate        A per minute charge paid by a telecommunications network operator                                           restructuring plans to improve overall efficiency.
    (‘MTR’)                        when a customer makes a call to another mobile or fixed network
                                   operator.                                                                  Retail service revenue           Retail service revenue comprises Service revenue excluding Mobile
                                                                                                                                               Virtual Network Operator (‘MVNO’) and Fixed Virtual Network Operator
    Mobile virtual network         Companies that provide mobile phone services under wholesale                                                (‘FVNO’) wholesale revenue.
    operator (‘MVNO’)              contracts with a mobile network operator, but do not have their own
                                                                                                              Revenue                          The total of Service revenue (see below) and Other revenue (see
                                   licence or spectrum or the infrastructure required to operate a network.
                                                                                                                                               above).
    MSME                           Micro, Small and Medium sized Enterprises.
                                                                                                              Roaming                          Roaming allows customers to make calls, send and receive texts and
    Next-generation networks       Fibre or cable networks typically providing high-speed broadband.                                           data on our and other operators’ mobile networks, usually while travelling
    (‘NGN’)                                                                                                                                    abroad.
    Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’)     Net Promoter Score is a customer loyalty metric used to monitor            Service revenue                  Service revenue is all revenue related to the provision of ongoing
                                   customer satisfaction.                                                                                      services to the Group’s consumer and enterprise customers, together
    Operating expenses             Comprise primarily sales and distribution costs, network and IT-related                                     with roaming revenue, revenue from incoming and outgoing network
                                   expenditure and business support costs.                                                                     usage by non-Vodafone customers and interconnect charges for
                                                                                                                                               incoming calls.
    Other Europe                   Other Europe comprises Portugal, Ireland, Greece, Romania, Czech
                                   Republic and Albania.                                                      SME                              Small and Medium sized Enterprises.

    Other revenue                  Other revenue principally includes equipment revenue, interest income,     Spectrum                         The radio frequency bands and channels assigned for
                                   income from partner market arrangements and lease revenue,                                                  telecommunication services.
                                   including in respect of the lease out of passive tower infrastructure.     Task Force on Climate-related TCFD is a global framework for companies and other organisations to
    Partner markets                Markets in which the Group has entered into a partner agreement with       Financial Disclosures (‘TCFD’) develop more effective climate-related financial disclosures through their
                                   a local mobile operator enabling a range of Vodafone’s global products                                    existing reporting processes.
                                   and services to be marketed in that operator’s territory and extending     Vodafone Business                Vodafone Business supports organisations in a digital world. With
                                   Vodafone’s reach into such markets.                                                                         Vodafone’s expertise in connectivity, our leading IoT platform and our
    Penetration                    Number of SIMs in a country as a percentage of the country’s                                                global scale, we deliver the results that organisations need to progress
                                   population. Penetration can be in excess of 100% due to customers                                           and thrive. We support businesses of all sizes and sectors.
                                   owning more than one SIM.                                                  Vodafone Procure & Connect       Vodafone Procure & Connect unifies our leading supply chain,
    Pps                            Percentage points.                                                                                          international voice and roaming services in a single trusted partner to
                                                                                                                                               multiply impact for our customers, partners and stakeholders.
                                                                                                              VOIS                             VOIS (Vodafone Intelligent Solutions) is our shared service organisation
                                                                                                                                               and a strategic arm of Vodafone Group Plc, creating value for customers
                                                                                                                                               by delivering intelligent solutions through talent, technology and
                                                                                                                                               transformation.

    
Protecting the Planet
Printed in the UK by Pureprint Group, a CarbonNeutral® company with FSC® certification and Carbon Balanced with World Land Trust.
Balancing is delivered by World Land Trust, an international conservation charity, who offset carbon emissions through the purchase and preservation of high conservation value land.
This report is printed on Revive 100% Offset paper and board. The paper is Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®) certified from well managed forests and other controlled sources. The paper is Carbon Balanced with World
Land Trust, an international conservation charity, which offset carbon emissions through the purchase and preservation of high conservation value land.
Through protecting standing forests, under threat of clearance, carbon is locked in that would otherwise be released. These protected forests are then able to continue absorbing carbon from the atmosphere, referred to as
REDD (Reduced Emissions from Deforestation and forest Degradation). This is now recognised as one of the most cost-effective and swiftest ways to arrest the rise in atmospheric CO2 and global warming effects. Additional
to the carbon benefits is the flora and fauna this land preserves, including a number of species identified at risk of extinction on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
If you have finished with this Annual Report and no longer wish to retain it, please pass it on to other interested readers or dispose of it in your recycled paper waste.






References to Vodafone are to Vodafone Group Plc and references to Vodafone Group are to Vodafone Group Plc and its subsidiaries unless otherwise stated. Vodafone, the Vodafone Speech Mark Devices, Vodacom and
Together We Can are trade marks owned by Vodafone. The Vantage Towers Logo and the VT Monogram Logo are trade marks owned by Vantage Towers AG. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be
the trade marks of their respective owners.
This report contains references to Vodafone’s website, and other supporting disclosures located thereon such as videos, our ESG Addendum and methodology document, and our cyber security factsheet, amongst others.
These references are for readers’ convenience only and information included on Vodafone’s website is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Annual Report or our Annual Report on Form 20-F.
© Vodafone Group 2026
Designed and produced by Conran Design Group.
Index of Exhibits to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2026

1.1   Articles of Association of the Company, as adopted on July 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the
      Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-10086), filed with
      the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 17, 2022).
2.1   Indenture, dated as of February 10, 2000, between the Company and Citibank, N.A., as Trustee, including forms of
      debt securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial
      year ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 8,
      2018).
2.2   Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of July 24, 2007, among the Company, Citibank
      N.A. and The Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Company’s Annual Report on
      Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2008 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange
      Commission on June 9, 2008).
2.3   Seventeenth Supplemental Trust Deed dated 22 September 2022 between the Company and The Law Debenture
      Trust Corporation p.l.c. further modifying and restating the provisions of the Trust Deed dated 16 July 1999 relating to a
      Euro 30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to the Company’s
      Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities
      and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2023).
2.4   Vodafone International Financing Second Supplemental Trust Deed dated 22 September 2022 between the Company,
      Vodafone International Financing DAC and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. further modifying and restating
      the provisions of the Trust Deed dated 27 July 2020 relating to a Euro 30,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note
      Programme (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial
      year ended March 31, 2023 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21,
      2023).
2.5   Deposit Agreement among Vodafone Group Plc, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. , as depositary, and the owners and
      beneficial owners from time to time of American Depositary Receipts, dated as of February 15, 2022 (incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 99 (A) to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form F-6 for American Depositary Receipts
      (File No. 333-262760), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 15, 2022).
2.6   Form of American Depository Receipt (included in Exhibit 2.5).
2.7   Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act.
4.1   Amendment and restatement agreement dated 10 March 2021 between the Company and Barclays Bank plc as
      successor Agent relating to a USD 3,935,000,000 (as increased to USD 4,004,000,000) Credit Agreement originally
      dated 27 February 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for
      the financial year ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
      June 23, 2021).
4.2    Extension dated 7 February 2022 between the Company and Barclays Bank plc relating to a USD 3,935,000,000 (as
       increased to USD 4,004,000,000) Credit Agreement originally dated 27 February 2015 and as amended pursuant to
       an amendment agreement dated 10 March 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Annual
       Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and
       Exchange Commission on June 10, 2022).
4.3    Extension dated 26 January 2023 between the Company and Barclays Bank plc relating to a USD 3,935,000,000 (as
       increased to USD 4,004,000,000) Credit Agreement originally dated 27 February 2015 and as amended pursuant to
       an amendment agreement dated 10 March 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Annual
       Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and
       Exchange Commission on June 21, 2023).
4.4    Amendment and restatement agreement dated 8 February 2024 between the Company and Barclays Bank plc as
       Agent relating to a EUR 3,840,000,000 (as increased to EUR 3,990,000,000) Credit Agreement originally dated
       28 March 2014 and as amended and restated pursuant to an agreement dated 10 March 2021 (incorporated by
       reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2024
       (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2024).
4.5    Extension dated 11 December 2024 between the Company and Barclays Bank plc relating to a EUR 3,840,000,000
       (as increased to EUR 4,050,000,000) Credit Agreement originally dated originally dated 28 March 2014 and as
       amended and restated pursuant to an agreement dated 8 February 2024. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to
       the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 (File No. 001-10086), filed
       with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2025).
4.6    Extension dated 10 December 2025 between the Company and Barclays Bank plc relating to a EUR 3,840,000,000
       (as increased to EUR 4,050,000,000) Credit Agreement originally dated originally dated 28 March 2014 and as
       amended and restated pursuant to an agreement dated 8 February 2024.
4.7    Rules of the Vodafone Global Incentive Plan 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company’s Annual
       Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and
       Exchange Commission on June 14, 2024).
4.8    Amended and Restated Trust Deed & Rules of the Vodafone Share Incentive Plan dated 28 July 2020 (incorporated
       by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31,
       2021 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 23, 2021).
4.9    Rules of the Vodafone Sharesave Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company’s Annual Report on
       Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2019 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission on June 7, 2019).
4.10   Letter of Appointment for Maria Amparo Moraleda Martinez dated 24 January 2017.
4.11   Letter of Appointment of Michel Demaré dated 23 January 2018.

                                                                                                              Page 2 of 5
4.12   Letter of Appointment of Jean-François van Boxmeer dated 21 May 2020.
4.13   Letter of Appointment of Deborah Kerr dated 28 September 2021.
4.14   Letter of Appointment of Stephen Carter dated 11 May 2022.
4.15   Letter of Appointment of Delphine Ernotte Cunci dated 18 May 2022.
4.16   Letter of Appointment of Simon Segars dated 22 May 2022.
4.17   Letter of Appointment of Christine Ramon dated 14 November 2022.
4.18   Service Agreement of Margherita Della Valle dated 13 June 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to the
       Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (File No. 001-10086), filed with
       the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2023).*
4.19   Letter of Appointment of Hatem Dowidar dated 16 February 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.18 to the
       Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (File No. 001-10086), filed with
       the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2024).
4.20   Letter of appointment of Simon Dingemans as Non-Executive Director dated December 2024. (incorporated by
       reference to Exhibit 4.27 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2025
       (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 2025).
4.21   Letter of Appointment for Anne-Francoise Nesmes dated April 2025.*
4.22   Service Agreement of Pilar Lopez dated 17 June 2025.*
4.23   Implementation Agreement dated 20 March 2017 relating to the combination of the Indian mobile telecommunications
       businesses of Vodafone Group and Idea Group (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to the Company’s Annual
       Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2017 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and
       Exchange Commission on June 9, 2017).
4.24   First Amendment to the Implementation Agreement dated 20 March 2017, relating to the combination of the Indian
       mobile telecommunications businesses of Vodafone Group and Idea Group, entered into on 30 August 2018
       (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.31 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended
       March 31, 2019 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 7, 2019).
4.25   Relationship Agreement dated 11 May 2023 between the Company and Emirates Telecommunications Group
       Company PJSC relating to the proposed appointment of up to two individuals nominated by Emirates
       Telecommunications Group Company PJSC as non-executive directors to the Board of Vodafone Group Plc and the
       ongoing relationship between Emirates Telecommunications Group Company PJSC and the Company (incorporated
       by reference to Exhibit 4.27 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31,
       2023 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 21, 2023).
4.26   Shareholder Agreement dated 31 May 2025, between Vodafone International Operations Limited, Vodafone Group
       Plc, Brilliant Design (BVI) Limited (formerly known as Brilliant Design Limited), CK Hutchison Group Telecom Holdings
       Limited, Vodafone International Operations Limited and Vodafone UK Trading Holdings Limited relating to the merger
       of Vodafone UK and Three UK. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.28 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
       20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2025 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission on June 6, 2025).*

                                                                                                                Page 3 of 5
4.27   Relationship and Co-operation Agreement dated 3 December 2025 between Vodafone Kenya Limited and the
       Government of the Republic of Kenya, relating to (i) certain co-operation undertakings given by the Government of
       the Republic of Kenya to Vodafone Kenya Limited and Safaricom PLC in connection with the Safaricom Share
       Purchase Agreement, including in respect of amendments to the articles of association of Safaricom PLC, and (ii) the
       ongoing relationship between the Government of the Republic of Kenya and Vodafone Kenya Limited following
       completion of the Safaricom Share Purchase Agreement.*
4.28   First amendment dated 1 February 2026 to Relationship and Co-operation Agreement dated 3 December 2025
       between Vodafone Kenya Limited and the Government of the Republic of Kenya.*
4.29   Second amendment dated 22 April 2026 to Relationship and Co-operation Agreement dated 3 December 2025
       between Vodafone Kenya Limited and the Government of the Republic of Kenya.*
4.30   Sale and Purchase Agreement dated 18 February 2026, between inter alia, Vodafone Europe B.V. and Liberty Global
       Holdings Limited relating to 50 per cent of the issued share capital of VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V.*
4.31   Framework Agreement dated 5 May 2026, between, inter alia, Vodafone and Hutchison in relation to the capital
       reduction and cancellation of shares in VodafoneThree.*
4.32   Share Purchase Agreement dated 3 December 2025 between Vodafone Kenya Limited and the Government of the
       Republic of Kenya relating to the acquisition of 6,009,814,200 ordinary shares in Safaricom PLC from the
       Government of the Republic of Kenya by Vodafone Kenya Limited.*
4.33   First amendment dated 26 February 2026 to the Share Purchase Agreement dated 3 December 2025 between
       Vodafone Kenya Limited and the Government of the Republic of Kenya relating to the acquisition of 6,009,814,200
       ordinary shares in Safaricom PLC from the Government of the Republic of Kenya by Vodafone Kenya Limited.*
4.34   Second amendment dated 22 April 2026 to the Share Purchase Agreement dated 3 December 2025 between
       Vodafone Kenya Limited and the Government of the Republic of Kenya relating to the acquisition of 6,009,814,200
       ordinary shares in Safaricom PLC from the Government of the Republic of Kenya by Vodafone Kenya Limited.*
8.     List of the Company’s related undertakings (incorporated by reference to Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial
       Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2026 (File
       No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 22, 2026.
11.    Securities Dealing Policy 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 11 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form
       20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the Securities and Exchange
       Commission on June 14, 2024).
12.    Rule 13a – 14(a) Certifications.

                                                                                                               Page 4 of 5
13.    Rule 13a – 14(b) Certifications.
15.1   Consent letter of Ernst & Young LLP.
97.    NASDAQ Executive Remuneration Clawback Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 to the Company’s
       Annual Report on Form 20-F for the financial year ended March 31, 2024 (File No. 001-10086), filed with the
       Securities and Exchange Commission on June 14, 2024).
99.1   ADR Fee disclosure.


101           Inline Interactive Data File – The instance document does not appear separately because its XBRL tags are
              embedded within the inline XBRL document.
104           Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

*Certain identified confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted. Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item
601(a)(6) and Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. Copies of such schedules will be furnished to the SEC upon its request;
provided, however, that confidential treatment may be requested pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any
schedule so furnished.

                                                                                                             Page 5 of 5
Signature

The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing on Form 20-F and that it has
duly caused and authorised the undersigned to sign this Annual Report on its behalf.

Vodafone Group Plc

Registrant

/s/ Maaike de Bie

Maaike de Bie
Group General Counsel and Company Secretary

Date: 22 May 2026
                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 2.7

                      DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE EXCHANGE ACT

     As of March 31, 2026, Vodafone Group Plc (“Vodafone”, the “Company”) had the following securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”):

                                                                               Trading                      Name of each exchange on
Title of each class                                                            symbols                         which registered
Ordinary shares of 20 20/21 US cents each                                       VOD                   NASDAQ Global Select Market*
American Depositary Shares (evidenced by American Depositary                    VOD                   NASDAQ Global Select Market
  Receipts) each representing ten ordinary shares

6.250% Notes due November 2032                                                VOD32                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
6.150% Notes due February 2037                                                VOD37                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.000% Notes due 30 May 2038                                                  VOD38                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
4.375% Notes due February 2043                                                VOD43                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.250% Notes due 30 May 2048                                                  VOD48                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
4.875% Notes due 19 June 2049                                                 VOD49                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050                                            VOD50                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.625% Notes due 10 February 2053                                             VOD53                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.75% Notes due 28 June 2054                                                  VOD54                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.125% Notes due 19 June 2059                                                 VOD59                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.750% Notes due 10 February 2063                                             VOD63                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
5.875% Notes due 28 June 2064                                                 VOD64                     The NASDAQ Stock Market
Capital Securities due April 2079                                              VOD79                    The NASDAQ Stock Market
NC5.25 Capital Securities due 2081                                            VOD81A                    The NASDAQ Stock Market
NC10 Capital Securities due 2081                                              VOD81B                    The NASDAQ Stock Market
NC30 Capital Securities due 2081                                              VOD81C                    The NASDAQ Stock Market

*      Not for trading, but only in connection with the registration of American Depositary Shares pursuant to the requirements of the
       Securities and Exchange Commission.
The Company’s ordinary shares, nominal value of 20 20/21 US cents each (“Vodafone Ordinary Shares”), are listed on the premium
segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange plc (the “LSE”). The Company’s American Depositary Shares (“Vodafone
ADSs”) are available through an American Depositary Receipt program established pursuant to a deposit agreement (the “Deposit
Agreement”) that the Company entered into with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as depositary (the “Depositary”). Vodafone ADSs, each
representing ten Vodafone Ordinary Shares, are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, traded under the symbol VOD, and are
registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). In connection with this listing (but not for
trading), the Vodafone Ordinary Shares are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. The following contains a description of the
rights of (i) holders of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares and (ii) Vodafone ADS holders.

The following summary is subject to and qualified in its entirety by the Company’s Articles of Association and by English law. This is not
a summary of all the significant provisions of the Articles of Association or of English law and does not purport to be complete. Capital
terms used but not defined herein have the meanings given to them in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2026 and in the Deposit Agreement, which is an exhibit to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the
SEC on June 10, 2022.


                                                         Vodafone Ordinary Shares

Item 9.A.3 Pre-emptive rights
Under section 549 of the Companies Act 2006, Directors are, with certain exceptions, unable to allot Vodafone Ordinary Shares or
securities convertible into Vodafone Ordinary Shares without the authority of Vodafone Shareholders (“Vodafone Shareholders”) in a
general meeting. In addition, section 561 of the Companies Act 2006 imposes further restrictions on the issue of equity securities (as
defined in the Companies Act 2006, which include Vodafone Ordinary Shares and securities convertible into Vodafone Ordinary Shares)
which are, or are to be, paid up wholly in cash and not first offered to existing Vodafone Shareholders. The Company’s Articles of
Association allow Vodafone Shareholders to authorize Directors for a period specified in the relevant resolution to allot (i) relevant
securities generally up to an amount fixed by the Vodafone Shareholders; and (ii) equity securities for cash other than in connection with a
pre-emptive offer up to an amount specified by the Vodafone Shareholders and free of the pre-emption restriction in section 561. At the
2019 AGM the amount of relevant securities fixed by Vodafone Shareholders under (i) above and the amount of equity securities specified
by Vodafone Shareholders under (ii) above were in line with the Pre-Emption Group’s Statement of Principles.


Item 9.A.5 Type and class of securities
Vodafone Ordinary Shares are listed on the London Stock Exchange and have a nominal value of 20 20/21 US cents each. All Ordinary
Shares are issued in registered form. As at March 31, 2026, the total number of outstanding Vodafone Ordinary Shares was
24,328,378,589.

As far as the Company is aware, there are no limitations imposed on the transfer, holding or voting of Vodafone Ordinary Shares other than
those limitations that would generally apply to all of the Vodafone Shareholders, those that apply by law (e.g. due to insider dealing rules)
or those that apply as a result of failure to comply with a notice under section 793 of the Companies Act 2006.


Item 9.A.6 Limitations or qualifications
No shareholder has any securities carrying special rights with regard to control of the Company. The Company is not aware of any
agreements between holders of securities that may result in restrictions on the transfer of securities.


Item 9.A.7 Other rights
Not applicable.
Item 10.B.3 Shareholder rights
Dividend rights
Vodafone Shareholders may, by ordinary resolution, declare dividends but may not declare dividends in excess of the amount
recommended by the Directors. The Board of Directors may also pay interim dividends. No dividend may be paid other than out of profits
available for distribution. Dividends on Vodafone Ordinary Shares can be paid to Vodafone Shareholders in whatever country the Directors
decide, using an appropriate exchange rate for any currency conversions which are required.

If a dividend has not been claimed for one year after the date of the resolution passed at a general meeting declaring that dividend or the
resolution of the Directors providing for payment of that dividend, the Directors may invest the dividend or use it in some other way for
the benefit of the Company until the dividend is claimed. If the dividend remains unclaimed for 12 years after the relevant resolution either
declaring that dividend or providing for payment of that dividend it will be forfeited and belong to the Company.


Voting rights
At a general meeting of the Company, when voting on substantive resolutions (i.e. any resolution which is not a procedural resolution)
each holder of a Vodafone Ordinary Share who is entitled to vote and is present in person or by proxy has one vote for every Vodafone
Ordinary Share held (a poll vote). Procedural resolutions (such as a resolution to adjourn a general meeting or a resolution on the choice of
Chairman of a general meeting) are decided on a show of hands, where each holder of Vodafone Ordinary Shares who is present at the
meeting has one vote regardless of the number of Vodafone Ordinary Shares held, unless a poll is demanded. Shareholders entitled to vote
at general meetings may appoint proxies who are entitled to vote, attend and speak at general meetings.

Two Vodafone Shareholders present in person or by proxy constitute a quorum for purposes of a general meeting of the Company.

Under English law, Vodafone Shareholders of a public company such as the Company are not permitted to pass resolutions by written
consent.

Employees who hold Vodafone Ordinary Shares in a vested nominee share account are able to vote through the respective plan’s trustees.
Note there is now a vested share account with Computershare (in respect of Vodafone Ordinary Shares arising from a SAYE exercise) and
Equatex (MyShareBank).

Under the Company’s Articles of Association, a Director cannot vote in respect of any proposal in which the Director, or any person
connected with the Director, has a material interest other than by virtue of the Director’s interest in the Company’s shares or other
securities.

The voting rights of the Directors (Executive and Non-Executive) and employees of the Company who hold interests in the share capital of
the Company are the same as for other holders of the class of share indicated. At each AGM, all Directors must offer themselves for
re-election (unless they are retiring) in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association and in the interests of good corporate
governance.


Rights to share in the company’s profits
See “Item 10.B.3. Shareholder rights—Dividend rights” above.


Rights to share in any surplus in the event of liquidation
In the event of the liquidation of the Company, after payment of all liabilities and deductions in accordance with English law, the holders
of the Company’s 7% cumulative fixed rate shares would be entitled to a sum equal to the capital paid up on such shares, together with
certain dividend payments, in priority to holders of Vodafone Ordinary Shares.


Redemption provisions
Under its Articles of Association, the Company is authorized to reduce (or purchase shares in) its capital of any class or classes.
Class rights are deemed not to have been varied by the creation or issue of new shares ranking equally with or subsequent to that class of
shares in sharing in profits or assets of the Company or by a redemption or repurchase of the shares by the Company.


Sinking fund provisions

Not applicable.


Liability to further capital calls by the company
Under the Articles of Association, the directors can call on Vodafone Shareholders to pay any money which has not yet been paid to the
Company for their Vodafone Ordinary Shares. This includes both the nominal value of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares and any premium
which may be payable. The terms of issue of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares govern the procedure related to calls. A call is treated as having
been made as soon as the directors pass a resolution authorizing it.

A Vodafone Shareholder who has received at least 14 days’ notice giving details of the amount of a capital call, the time (or times) and
place or address for payment must pay the call as required by the notice. Joint shareholders are liable jointly and severally to pay any
money called for in respect of their Vodafone Ordinary Shares. A Vodafone Shareholder due to pay the amount called shall still have to pay
the call even if, after the call was made, they transfer the Vodafone Ordinary Shares to which the call related.


Any provision discriminating against any existing or prospective holder of the Ordinary Shares as a result of such shareholder owning a
substantial number of shares
Not applicable.


Item 10.B.4. Changes to shareholder rights
If at any time the Company’s share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to any class may be varied or
abrogated by a special resolution, subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006, either with the consent in writing of the holders of
three quarters in nominal value of the shares of that class or at a separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.

At every such separate meeting all of the provisions of the Articles of Association relating to proceedings at a general meeting apply,
except that (i) the quorum is to be the number of persons (which must be at least two) who hold or represent by proxy not less than one
third in nominal value of the issued shares of the class or, if such quorum is not present on an adjourned meeting, one person who holds
shares of the class regardless of the number of shares he holds; (ii) any person present in person or by proxy may demand a poll; and
(iii) each shareholder will have one vote per share held in that particular class in the event a poll is taken. Class rights are deemed not to
have been varied by the creation or issue of new shares ranking equally with or subsequent to that class of shares in sharing in profits or
assets of the Company or by a redemption or repurchase of the shares by the Company.


Item 10.B.6 Limitations
The Company’s constitutional documents place no limitations on the right to hold Vodafone Ordinary Shares.

There are no limitations on the right to hold or exercise voting rights on the Vodafone Ordinary Shares under English law.


Item 10.B.7 Change in control
The Company’s Articles of Association do not contain any provisions that would have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a
change in control of the Company and that would operate only with respect to a merger, acquisition or corporate restructuring involving the
Company (or any of its subsidiaries).
Item 10.B.8 Disclosure of shareholdings
There are no provisions in the Articles of Association whereby persons acquiring, holding or disposing of a certain percentage of the
Company’s shares are required to make disclosure of their ownership percentage although such requirements exist under the Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rules. Under these rules, the Company must disclose the holders of more than 3% of, or 3% of voting rights
attributable to, the Company’s ordinary share capital of which it is made aware.


Item 10.B.9 Differences in the law
With respect to Items 10.B.2-10.B.8, there are no significant differences between the laws applicable to the Company and English law.


Item 10.B.10 Changes in capital
The requirements imposed by the Company’s Articles of Association governing changes in capital are not more stringent than is required
by law.


Item 12.A Debt securities
     Not applicable.


Item 12.B Warrants and Rights
     Not applicable.


Item 12.C Other securities
     Not applicable.


                                                  Vodafone American Depositary Shares

Item 12.D.1 Name and address of depositary
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., having its principal office at 383 Madison Avenue, Floor 11, New York, New York 10179, has been
appointed as the Depositary under the Deposit Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2022, among the Company, the Depositary and all
holders from time to time of the Vodafone ADSs (“Vodafone ADS Holders”) issued thereunder.


12.D.2 Description of Vodafone ADSs
The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Deposit Agreement. For more complete information, you should read the
Deposit Agreement in its entirety.
The Deposit Agreement sets forth the rights and obligations of Holders and Beneficial Owners of Vodafone ADSs and the rights and duties
of the Depositary in respect of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares deposited thereunder and any and all other securities, property and cash from
time to time received in respect of such Vodafone Ordinary Shares and held thereunder (the “Deposited Securities”). Each Vodafone ADS
represents an ownership interest in ten Vodafone Ordinary Shares and is evidenced by an American depositary receipt (“Vodafone ADR”).


Voting of Vodafone ADSs
As soon as practicable after receipt of notice from the Company of any meeting of, or solicitation of consents or proxies from, Vodafone
Shareholders underlying the Vodafone ADSs, and upon written request by the Company received by the Depositary at least 30 days before
the vote or meeting, the Depositary will fix a record date for
Vodafone ADS Holders and arrange to deliver certain materials to Vodafone ADS Holders relating to the upcoming meeting or solicitation.
The materials will contain:

       •    such information as is contained in the notice of meeting or solicitation of consents or proxies received by the Depositary from
            the Company;

       •    An ADR Proxy card in a form prepared by the Depositary

       •    a statement that the Vodafone ADS Holders as of the close of business on a specified record date will be entitled, subject to
            any applicable law and the Company’s constituent documents , and the provisions of or governing the Vodafone Ordinary
            Shares (or any other securities, property or cash underlying the Vodafone ADS Holders’ Vodafone ADSs),

       •    a statement as to the manner in which such instructions and notification may be given.

In lieu of distributing the materials received from the Company in connection with the meeting of, or solicitation of consents or proxies
from, Vodafone Shareholders underlying the Vodafone ADSs, the Depositary may, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law,
regulations or stock exchange requirements, distribute to the Vodafone ADS Holders a notice with instructions on how to retrieve or
request such materials.

A Vodafone ADS Holder must hold Vodafone ADSs on the record date established by the Depositary in order to be eligible to give
instructions for the exercise of voting rights at a meeting of shareholders. It is possible that the record date the Company uses for the
exercise of voting rights on the Vodafone Ordinary Shares, on the one hand, and the record date used by the Depositary for the exercise of
voting rights relating to the Vodafone Ordinary Shares underlying the Vodafone ADSs, on the other hand, may not be the same.

For voting instructions to be valid, the Depositary must receive them on or before the date specified in the materials delivered to Vodafone
ADS Holders. The Depositary will, to the extent practicable, endeavor to vote or cause to be voted the underlying Vodafone Ordinary
Shares in accordance with each Vodafone ADS Holder’s instructions. The Depositary will not vote the underlying Vodafone Ordinary
Shares other than in accordance with the Vodafone ADS Holder’s instructions.

Persons who hold Vodafone ADSs through a brokerage account or otherwise serving in proxy will need to follow the procedures of their
broker in order to give voting instructions to the Depositary.

In connection with a Vodafone Shareholders’ meeting, the Company and the Depositary will not be able to assure that Vodafone ADS
Holders will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that such holders can either instruct the Depositary to vote the Vodafone
Ordinary Shares underlying the Vodafone ADSs or withdraw the underlying Vodafone Ordinary Shares to vote them in person or by proxy.
In addition, except as provided under applicable English law, the Depositary and its agents will not be responsible for failing to carry out
voting instructions or for the manner in which any such vote is cast or the effect of any such vote.

The Depositary will have no obligation to take any action with respect to any meeting of, or solicitation of consents or proxies from,
Vodafone Shareholders if such action would violate U.S. laws.

Neither the Depositary nor the Custodian will under any circumstances exercise any discretion as to voting, and neither the Depositary nor
the Custodian will vote, attempt to exercise the right to vote, or in any way make use of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other
securities, property or cash underlying the Vodafone ADS Holders’ Vodafone ADSs) for purposes of establishing a quorum or otherwise,
except pursuant to and in accordance with written instructions from Vodafone ADS Holders or the provisions of the Deposit Agreement.


Dividends and Distributions
The Depositary will pay to Vodafone ADS Holders, as of a record date established by the Depositary under the terms of the Deposit
Agreement, the cash dividends or other distributions it receives in respect of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares underlying such Vodafone ADS
Holders’ Vodafone ADSs, after deducting its fees and expenses.
Vodafone ADS Holders will receive these distributions in proportion to the number of Vodafone Ordinary Shares represented by the
Vodafone ADSs held by each of them.


Distributions in Cash
The Depositary will, as promptly as practicable, convert any cash dividend or distribution the Company pays on the Vodafone Ordinary
Shares, other than any dividend or distribution paid in U.S. dollars, into U.S. dollars if it can effect such conversion and transfer the U.S.
dollars to the United States on a practicable basis. At any time, the Depositary may, in its discretion, hold the excess amount of foreign
currency uninvested as an additional cost of conversion and without liability for interest thereon for the respective accounts of the
Vodafone ADS Holders. In the event that the Company or the Depositary is required to withhold and does withhold taxes or other
governmental charges from such cash dividend or other cash distribution, the amount to be distributed to the Vodafone ADS Holders will
be reduced accordingly. The Depositary will distribute only whole U.S. dollars and cents and will round any fractional amounts to the
nearest whole cent.


Distributions in Shares
If any distribution consists of a dividend paid in, or a free distribution of, Vodafone Ordinary Shares, the Depositary may or will, if the
Company so requests, distribute additional Vodafone ADSs representing any Vodafone Ordinary Shares that the Company so distributes as
a dividend or free distribution, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Deposit Agreement. The Depositary will only distribute
whole Vodafone ADSs. In lieu of delivering fractional Vodafone ADSs, the Depositary will sell the number of Vodafone Ordinary Shares
represented by the aggregate of such fractions and distribute the net proceeds to the Vodafone ADS Holders entitled thereto. The
Depositary may withhold the distribution of Vodafone ADSs if it has not received satisfactory assurances from the Company (including a
legal opinion) that such distribution does not require registration under the Securities Act or is exempt from registration under the
provisions of the Securities Act. If a distribution of additional Vodafone ADSs is withheld, the Depositary may sell all or part of such
distribution in such amounts and in such manner as the Depositary deems necessary and practicable and distribute the net proceeds of any
such sale (after deducting applicable taxes and/or governmental charges and fees and charges of, and expenses incurred by, the Depositary)
to the Vodafone ADS Holders entitled thereto.


Elective Distributions in Cash or Shares
If the Company intends to make a distribution payable at the election of Vodafone Shareholders in cash or in additional Vodafone Ordinary
Shares, the Depositary will, if the Company has timely requested that such elective distribution be made available to Vodafone ADS
Holders, and if the Depositary has determined that such distribution is reasonably practicable and has received satisfactory legal opinions
relating to such distribution, establish procedures to enable Vodafone ADS Holders to elect to receive the proposed dividend in cash or in
additional Vodafone ADSs as described in the Deposit Agreement. If the conditions for an elective distribution are not satisfied, the
Depositary will, to the extent permitted by law, distribute to Vodafone ADS Holders, on the basis of the same determination as is made in
the local market in respect of Vodafone Ordinary Shares for which no election is made, either cash or additional Vodafone ADSs
representing such additional Vodafone Ordinary Shares in the manner described in the Deposit Agreement. The Depositary will have no
obligation to make any process available to Vodafone ADS Holders to receive the elective dividend in Vodafone Ordinary Shares rather
than Vodafone ADSs. There can be no assurances that Vodafone ADS Holders will have the opportunity to receive elective distributions on
the same terms as the holders of Vodafone Ordinary Shares.


Distribution of Rights to Receive Additional Shares
The Company agrees with the Depositary that neither the Company nor any company controlling, controlled by or under common control
with the Company shall (a) issue (i) additional Shares, (ii) rights to subscribe for Shares, (iii) securities convertible into or exchangeable
for Shares or (iv) rights to subscribe for any such securities or (b) deposit any Shares under this Deposit Agreement, except, in each case,
under circumstances complying in all respects with the Securities Act of 1933. In support of the foregoing, at the reasonable request of the
Depositary where it deems necessary, the Company will furnish the Depositary with legal opinions, in forms and from counsels reasonably
acceptable to the Depositary, dealing with matters reasonably requested by the Depositary.
The Depositary will not knowingly accept for deposit hereunder any Shares required to be registered under the Securities Act of 1933
unless a registration statement is in effect and will use reasonable efforts to comply with written instructions of the Company not to accept
for deposit hereunder any Shares identified in such instructions at such times and under such circumstances as may reasonably be specified
in such instructions in order to facilitate the Company’s compliance with the requirements of the securities laws, rules and regulations in
the United States. Distributions Other Than Cash, Shares or Rights

If the Company intends to distribute property other than cash, Vodafone Ordinary Shares or rights to purchase additional Vodafone
Ordinary Shares, the Depositary will, if determined that such distribution is reasonably practicable, sell such securities. The distribution
will be made net of applicable fees and charges of, and expenses incurred by a JP Morgan division, branch, or affiliate in connection with
such sale. Depositary will endeavor to sell the property in a public or private sale, at such place or places and upon such terms as it may
deem reasonably practicable. The proceeds of such sale (net of applicable fees and charges of, and expenses incurred by, the Depositary
and taxes) will be distributed to Vodafone ADS Holders.


Reports and Other Communications
On or before the first date on which the Company makes any communication available to holders of Deposited Securities or any securities
regulatory authority or stock exchange, by publication or otherwise, the Company will deliver a copy of such notice to the Depositary and
the Custodian. The Company will arrange for translation into English, to the extent required pursuant to any regulations of the SECAt the
Company’s request and expense, the Depositary will, as promptly as practicable, distribute copies of such notices to the Vodafone ADS
Holders.


Books of Depositary
The Depositary will maintain at its principal office a register for the registration and transfer of Vodafone ADSs. Vodafone ADS Holders
may inspect such records at such office at reasonable times, but solely for the purpose of communicating with other Vodafone ADS
Holders in the interest of business matters relating to the Company, the Vodafone ADSs or the Deposit Agreement. Such register may be
closed from time to time when deemed expedient by the Depositary in connection with the performance of its duties under the Deposit
Agreement or at the request of the Company. The Depositary will also maintain facilities to record and process the issuance, delivery,
registration, transfer and surrender of Vodafone ADSs in accordance with the provisions of the Deposit Agreement.


Reclassifications, Recapitalizations and Mergers
The Depositary may, in its discretion, and shall if reasonably requested by the Company, amend this ADR or distribute additional or
amended ADRs (with or without calling this ADR for exchange) or cash, securities or property on the record date set by the Depositary
therefor to reflect any change in par value, split-up, consolidation, cancellation or other reclassification of Deposited Securities, any Share
Distribution or Other Distribution not distributed to Holders or any cash, securities or property available to the Depositary in respect of
Deposited Securities from (and the Depositary is hereby authorized to surrender any Deposited Securities to any person and, irrespective of
whether such Deposited Securities are surrendered or otherwise cancelled by operation of law, rule, regulation or otherwise, to sell by
public or private sale any property received in connection with) any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, liquidation,
receivership, bankruptcy or sale of all or substantially all the assets of the Company. To the extent the Depositary does not so amend this
ADR or make a distribution to Holders to reflect any of the foregoing, or the net proceeds thereof, whatever cash, securities or property
results from any of the foregoing shall constitute Deposited Securities and each ADS evidenced by this ADR shall automatically represent
its pro rata interest in the Deposited Securities as then constituted. Promptly upon the occurrence of any of the aforementioned changes
affecting Deposited Securities, the Company shall notify the Depositary in writing of such occurrence and as soon as practicable after
receipt of such notice from the Company, may instruct the Depositary to give notice thereof, at the Company’s
Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement
Amendments
The Company may agree with the Depositary to amend or restate the Deposit Agreement and the Vodafone ADRs without the consent of
Vodafone ADS Holders in any respect which they may deem necessary or desirable. If the amendment or restatement imposes or increases
fees or charges (except for taxes and governmental charges, registration fees, cable, telex or fax transmission costs, delivery costs or other
such expenses) or otherwise prejudices any substantial existing right of Vodafone ADS Holders, it will only become effective 30 days after
notice of such amendment or restatement has been given to Vodafone ADS Holders. Under the Deposit Agreement, notice of any
amendment or restatement to the Deposit Agreement or any Vodafone ADR need not describe in detail the specific amendments effectuated
thereby, and failure to describe the specific amendments in any such notice will not render such notice invalid so long as, in each such
case, the notice given to the Vodafone ADS Holders identifies a means for such holders to retrieve or receive the text of such amendment
or restatement. At the time an amendment or restatement becomes effective, a Vodafone ADS Holder is considered, by continuing to hold
Vodafone ADSs, to have agreed to the amendment or restatement and to be bound by the Deposit Agreement as amended. However, if any
governmental body adopts new laws, rules or regulations requiring an amendment or restatement of the Deposit Agreement to comply
therewith, the Company and the Depositary may amend the Deposit Agreement and any Vodafone ADRs, which amendment or restatement
may become effective before a notice of such amendment or restatement is given to Vodafone ADS Holders. However, no amendment or
restatement will impair a Vodafone ADS Holder’s right to receive the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or cash)
underlying such holder’s Vodafone ADSs in exchange for such holder’s Vodafone ADSs, except in order to comply with applicable
provisions of any mandatory laws.


Termination
The Deposit Agreement will be terminated by the Depositary if the Company asks it to do so, in which case the Depositary must notify
Vodafone ADS Holders at least 30 days before termination. If at any time after 60 days have expired since (y) the Company has delivered a
notice of removal to the Depositary, a successor depositary has not been appointed by the Company and accepted its appointment, the
Depositary may terminate the Deposit Agreement by mailing notice of such termination to the Vodafone ADS Holders then outstanding at
least 30 days before termination. the Depositary may terminate the Deposit Agreement without notice to the Company, but subject to
giving 30 days’ notice to the Holders, under the following circumstances: (i) in the event of the Company’s bankruptcy or insolvency, (ii) if
the Shares cease to be listed on an internationally recognized stock exchange, (iii) if the Company effects (or will effect) a redemption of
all or substantially all of the Deposited Securities, or a cash or share distribution representing a return of all or substantially all of the value
of the Deposited Securities, or (iv) there occurs a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or other transaction as a result of which securities or
other property are delivered in exchange for or in lieu of Deposited Securities. The Depositary shall endeavor to provide the Company with
a courtesy copy of any termination notice provided to Holders under the immediately preceding sentence.

If any Vodafone ADSs remain outstanding after termination, (i) the Vodafone ADS Holders will be entitled to receive the underlying
securities upon surrender of the Vodafone ADSs and payment of all fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges, and (ii) the Depositary
will stop registering the transfer of Vodafone ADSs, will stop distributing dividends to Vodafone ADS Holders, and will not give any
further notices or do anything else under the Deposit Agreement other than:

       •      collect dividends and distributions on the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or cash) underlying the
              Vodafone ADSs;

       •      sell rights and other properties received in respect of Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or cash)
              underlying the Vodafone ADSs as provided in the Deposit Agreement; and

       •      deliver the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or cash) underlying the Vodafone ADSs, together with
              any dividends or other distributions received with respect thereto and the net proceeds of the sale of any rights or other
              property, in exchange for the Vodafone ADSs surrendered to the
            Depositary (after deducting, in each case, the fee of the Depositary for the surrender of Vodafone ADSs, any expenses for the
            account of the Vodafone ADS Holder in accordance with the terms of the Deposit Agreement, and any applicable taxes or
            governmental charges).

At any time after six months from the date of termination of the Deposit Agreement, the Depositary may sell any remaining deposited
Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or cash) underlying Vodafone ADSs. After that, the Depositary will hold the
money it received on the sale, as well as any cash it is holding under the Deposit Agreement, unsegregated for the pro rata benefit of the
Vodafone ADS Holders that have not surrendered their Vodafone ADSs. The Depositary will not invest the money and has no liability for
interest. After making such sale, the Depositary’s only obligations to Vodafone ADS Holders will be to account for the money and cash
(net of all applicable fees, expenses, taxes and governmental charges payable by Vodafone ADS Holders under the terms of the Deposit
Agreement). After termination, the Company’s only obligations will be with respect to indemnification of, and to pay specified amounts to,
the Depositary. The obligations under the terms of the Deposit Agreement of Vodafone ADS Holders outstanding as of the termination date
will survive the termination date and will be discharged only when the applicable Vodafone ADSs are presented by their Vodafone ADS
Holders to the Depositary for cancellation and such Vodafone ADS Holder has satisfied all of its obligations under the terms of the Deposit
Agreement.


Withdrawal and Cancellation
A Vodafone ADS Holder may withdraw the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or cash) underlying such holder’s
Vodafone ADSs upon surrender of such holder’s Vodafone ADSs for such purpose to the Depositary. The Depositary may require proper
endorsement in blank of such ADR (or duly executed instruments of transfer thereof in blank) and the Holder’s written order directing the
Depositary to cause the Deposited Securities represented by the ADSs evidenced by such ADR to be withdrawn and delivered to, or upon
the written order of, any person designated in such order (a “Withdrawal Order”). Directions from the Depositary to the Custodian to
deliver Deposited Securities shall be given by letter, first class airmail postage prepaid, or, at the request, risk and expense of the Holder,
by SWIFT, cable, telex or facsimile transmission. Upon payment of the Depositary’s fees and of any taxes and governmental charges
payable in connection with such surrender and withdrawal, and subject to the terms and conditions of the Deposit Agreement, the
Company’s constituent documents, any other provisions of or governing the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities, property or
cash underlying the holder’s Vodafone ADSs), and other applicable laws, any deposited Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other securities,
property or cash) underlying such holder’s Vodafone ADSs that have been surrendered to the Depositary will be delivered, as promptly as
practicable, to such Vodafone ADS Holder at the office of the Custodian or through book-entry delivery of the amount of Vodafone
Ordinary Shares represented by the Vodafone ADSs surrendered to the Depositary, except that the Depositary may deliver any dividends or
distributions, or the proceeds of any sales of dividends, distributions or rights, at the principal office of the Depositary.


Limitations on Obligations and Liability to ADS Holders
The Deposit Agreement expressly limits the obligations and liabilities of the Company, the Depositary and any custodian to the Vodafone
ADS Holders. These limitations include, among other things, that the Company and the Depositary:

       •    are obligated only to take the actions specifically set forth in the Deposit Agreement without gross negligence or willful
            misconduct;

       •    have no obligation to become involved in a lawsuit or proceeding related to the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any other
            securities, property or cash) underlying the Vodafone ADSs or the Vodafone ADRs unless they are indemnified to their
            satisfaction;

       •    are not liable for any consequential or punitive damages or any action or non-action by it in reliance upon any advice of or
            information from any legal counsel, accountants, any person depositing Vodafone
            Ordinary Shares, any Vodafone ADS Holder or any other person whom they believe in good faith is competent to give them
            that advice or information;

       •    may rely and will be protected in action upon any written notice, request or other document believed by it to be genuine and to
            have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties; and

       •    are not liable to Holders or beneficial owners of Vodafone ADSs or third parties for any special, consequential, indirect or
            punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the Deposit Agreement or otherwise.

In addition, the Company, the Depositary and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents or affiliates are not liable to any holder
or beneficial owner of Vodafone ADSs:

       •    if the Depositary or the Company is prevented, delayed or forbidden from, or is subject to any civil or criminal penalty on
            account of, doing or performing any act or thing which by the terms of the Deposit Agreement or the Vodafone Ordinary
            Shares (or any other securities, property or cash underlying the Vodafone ADSs) it is provided will be done or performed by
            reason of any provision of any present or future law or regulation of the U.S. or any other country, or of any governmental or
            regulatory authority or stock exchange or inter-dealer quotation system, or by reason of any provision, present or future, of the
            Articles of Association, or by reason of any provision of any securities issued or distributed by the Company, or any offering
            or distribution thereof, or by reason of any act of God or war or other circumstances beyond its control;

       •    by reason of any exercise of, or failure to exercise, any discretion provided for in the Deposit Agreement; or

       •    for the inability of any holder or beneficial owner of Vodafone ADSs to benefit from any distribution, offering, right or other
            benefit which is made available to Vodafone Shareholders (or of any other securities, property or cash underlying the
            Vodafone ADSs) but is not, under the terms of the Deposit Agreement, made available to ADS Holders or beneficial owners of
            Vodafone ADSs.

Additionally, the Depositary will not be liable for, among other things:

       •    any acts or omissions made by a predecessor or successor depositary, so long as the Depositary performed its obligations
            without gross negligence or willful misconduct while it acted as the Depositary;

       •    any acts or omissions of any securities depository, clearing agency or settlement system in connection with book-entry
            settlement of Vodafone Ordinary Shares or otherwise;

       •    any failure to carry out any instructions to vote any of the Vodafone Ordinary Shares represented by the Vodafone ADSs, or
            for the manner in which any such vote is cast, if such action or non-action is in good faith, or for the effect of any such vote;

       •    the Depositary’s failure to determine that any distribution or action is lawful or reasonably practicable if such determination of
            practicability is made without bad faith;

       •    the content of any information received from the Company for distribution to the Vodafone ADS Holders or any inaccuracy of
            any translation thereof;

       •    any investment risk associated with acquiring an interest in, or the validity of worth of, the Vodafone Ordinary Shares (or any
            other securities, property or cash underlying Vodafone ADSs);

       •    any tax consequences that may result from the ownership of Vodafone ADSs, Vodafone Ordinary Shares or any other
            securities, property or cash underlying Vodafone ADSs;

       •    the credit-worthiness of any third party;

       •    allowing any rights to lapse in accordance with the terms of the Deposit Agreement;

       •    the failure or timeliness of any notice from the Company; or
       •        any action of or failure to act by, or any information provided or not provided by, the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or
                any DTC participant.


                                                                Debt Securities

Each series of notes listed on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC and set forth on the cover page to Vodafone’s annual report on Form 20-F
for the year ended March 31, 2026 has been issued by Vodafone Group Plc (collectively, the “Debt Securities”). Each of these series of
Debt Securities were issued pursuant to an effective registration statement and a related prospectus and prospectus supplement (if
applicable) setting forth the terms of the relevant series of notes.

The following table sets forth the aggregate principal amount outstanding, date of issuance and file number of the registration statements
for each relevant series of Debt Securities. The 6.250% Notes due November 2032, 6.150% Notes due February 2037, 5.000% Notes due
30 May 2038, 4.375% Notes due February 2043, 5.250% Notes due 30 May 2048, 4.875% Notes due 19 June 2049, 4.250% Notes due
17 September 2050, 5.625% Notes due 10 February 2053, 5.75% Notes due 28 June 2054, 5.125% Notes due 19 June 2059,5.750% Notes
due 10 February 2063, and 5.875% Notes due 28 June 2064 are collectively defined as, the “Notes.” The NC5.25 Capital Securities due
2081, NC10 Capital Securities due 2081, and NC30 Capital Securities due 2081 are collectively defined as, the “2081 Capital Securities.”
The Capital Securities due April 2079 and the 2081 Capital Securities are collectively defined as, the “Capital Securities.”

                                                                                                                           Registration
                                                                                  Aggregate Principal                       Statement
       Series                                                                     Amount Outstanding    Date of Issuance     File No.
       6.250% Notes due November 2032                                                 495,000,000 November 30, 2002         333-10762
       6.150% Notes due February 2037                                                              February 27, 2007       333-110941
                                                                                    1,260,000,000 October 24, 2007         333-144978
       5.000% Notes due 30 May 2038                                                   582,456,000    May 30, 2018          333-219583
       4.375% Notes due February 2043                                                 703,533,000 February 19, 2013        333-168347
       5.250% Notes due 30 May 2048                                                 1,257,855,000    May 30, 2018          333-219583
       4.875% Notes due 19 June 2049                                                1,182,100,000    June 19, 2019         333-219583
       4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050                                             826,327,000 September 17, 2019       333-219583
       5.625% Notes due 10 February 2053                                              700,000,000 February 10, 2023        333-240163
       5.75% Notes due 28 June 2054                                                 2,000,000,000    June 28, 2024         333-273441
       5.125% Notes due 19 June 2059                                                  302,986,000    June 19, 2019         333-219583
       5.750% Notes due 10 February 2063                                              500,000,000 February 10, 2023        333-240163
       5.875% Notes due 28 June 2064                                                1,000,000,000    June 28, 2024         333-273441
       Capital Securities due April 2079                                            2,000,000,000    April 4, 2019         333-219583
       NC5.25 Capital Securities due 2081                                             147,173,000     June 4, 2021         333-240163
       NC10 Capital Securities due 2081                                             1,000,000,000     June 4, 2021         333-240163
       NC30 Capital Securities due 2081                                               950,000,000     June 4, 2021         333-240163

Descriptions of the Debt Securities
The summary set out below of the general terms and provisions of the Debt Securities does not purport to be complete and is subject to,
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, all of the definitions and provisions of the Indenture (as defined below) and the form of the
instrument representing each series of Debt Securities. Certain terms, unless otherwise defined herein, have the meaning given to them in
the Indenture. All references to the “Indenture” are to the indenture, dated as of February 10, 2000, between the Company and Citibank,
N.A., as Trustee, including forms of debt securities. The Bank of New York Mellon became the successor trustee (the
“Trustee”) to Citibank, N.A. pursuant to an Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance, dated as of July 24, 2007, by and
among the Company, The Bank of New York Mellon and Citibank, N.A.

As required by U.S. federal law for all bonds and notes of companies that are publicly offered, any debt securities, including the Debt
Securities, are governed by an indenture. The Indenture is a contract entered into between the Company and The Bank of New York
Mellon, which acts as trustee.

        The Trustee has two main roles:

         •     First, the Trustee can enforce your rights against the Company if it defaults, although there are some limitations on the extent
               to which the Trustee acts on your behalf that are described below; and

         •     Second, the Trustee performs administrative duties for the Company, such as sending interest payments and notices to you and
               transferring your Debt Securities to a new buyer if you sell.

The Indenture and its associated documents contain the full legal text of the matters described in this section. New York law governs the
Indenture and the Notes, except for certain events of default described in the Indenture, which are governed by English law. The Company
has filed a copy of the Indenture with the SEC as an exhibit to its registration statement.

        Section references below refer to sections of the Indenture.

Descriptions of the Notes


6.250% Notes due November 2032
The following terms are applicable to the 6.250% Notes due November 2032:

    •   Title: 6.250% Notes due November 2032.

    •   Total principal amount outstanding: $495,000,000.

    •   Notes: $495,000,000 principal amount of 6.25% Notes due 2032.

    •   Issue Date: November 30, 2002.

    •   Maturity: The Company will repay the 6.250% Notes due 2032at 100% of their principal amount plus accrued interest on
        November 30, 2032.

    •   Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on May 30 and November 30.

    •   First interest payment date: May 30, 2003.

    •   Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 6.250% Notes due 2032, in whole or in part, at any time
        and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of the 6.250% Notes due
        November 2032 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the sum of the present
        values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the 6.250% Notes due 2032 (excluding any portion of such
        payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a
        360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 20 basis points, plus accrued interest to the date
        of redemption.

6.150% Notes due February 2037
The following terms are applicable to the 6.150% Notes due February 2037:

    •   Title: 6.150% Notes due February 2037.

    •   Total principal amount outstanding: $1,260,000,000.

    •   Issue date: February 27, 2007.

    •   Maturity date: The Company will repay the 6.150% Notes due February 2037 on February 27, 2037 at 100% of their principal
        amount plus accrued interest.

    •   Interest rate: 6.150% per annum.

    •   Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on February 27 and August 27 of each year, commencing August 27, 2007, up to and
        including the maturity date for the 6.150% Notes due February 2037, subject to the applicable business day convention.
      •    Business day convention: Following.

      •    Day count fraction: 30/360

      •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 6.150% Notes due February 2037, in whole or in
           part, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
           6.150% Notes due February 2037 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent,
           the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 6.150% Notes due
           February 2037 (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the
           redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-daymonths) at the adjusted treasury
           rate, plus 25 basis points, together with accrued interest to the date of redemption.

5.000% Notes due May 2038
    The following terms are applicable to the 5.000% Notes due May 2038:

      •    Title: 5.000% Notes due May 2038.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $582,456,000

      •    Issue date: May 30, 2018.

      •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.000% Notes due May 2038 on May 30, 2038 at 100% of their principal amount,
           plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •    Interest rate: 5.000% per annum.

      •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on May 30 and November 30 of each year, commencing November 30, 2018 up to and
           including the maturity date for the 5.000% Notes due May 2038, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •    Business day convention: Following, Unadjusted.

      •    Day count fraction: 30/360

      •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.000% Notes due May 2038, in whole or in part,
           at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
           5.000% Notes due May 2038plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the
           sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.000% Notes due May 2038
           (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date
           on a semi- annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 30
           basis points.

      •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
           5.000% Note due May 2038 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase (or
           procure the purchase of) such 5.000% Note due May 2038 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the aggregate
           principal amount of such 5.000% Note due May 2038, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.000% Note due May 2038
           to the date of redemption.

4.375% Notes due February 2043
    The following terms are applicable to the 4.375% Notes due February 2043:
     •    Title: 4.375% Notes due February 2043.

     •    Total principal amount outstanding: $703,533,000.

     •    Issue date: February 19, 2013.

     •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 4.375% Notes due February 2043 on February 19, 2043 at 100% of their principal
          amount plus accrued and unpaid interest.

     •    Interest rate: 4.375% annum.

     •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on February 19 and August 19 of each year, commencing August 19, 2013 up to and
          including the maturity date for the 4.375% Notes due February 2043, subject to the applicable business day convention.

     •    Business day convention: Following, Unadjusted.

     •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 4.375% Notes due February 2043, in whole or in
          part, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
          4.375% Notes due February 2043 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent,
          the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 4.375% Notes due
          February 2043 (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the
          redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury
          rate, plus 20 basis points.

5.250% Notes due May 2048
    The following terms are applicable to the 5.250% Notes due May 2048:

     •    Title: 5.250% Notes due May 2048.

     •    Total principal amount outstanding: $1,257,855,000.

     •    Issue date: May 30, 2018.

     •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.250% Notes due May 2048 on May 30, 2048 at 100% of their principal amount,
          plus accrued and unpaid interest.

     •    Interest rate: 5.250% per annum.

     •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on May 30 and November 30 of each year, commencing November 30, 2018 up to and
          including the maturity date for the 5.250% Notes due May 2048, subject to the applicable business day convention.

     •    Business day convention: Following, Unadjusted.

     •    Day count fraction: 30/360

     •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.250% Notes due May 2048, in whole or in part,
          at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
          5.250% Notes due May 2048 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the
          sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.250% Notes due May 2048
          (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date
          on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 35
          basis points.

     •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
          5.250% Note due May 2048 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase (or
          procure the purchase of) such 5.250% Note due May 2048 at an
           optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of such Note, plus accrued and unpaid interest
           on such Note to the date of redemption.,

4.875% Notes due June 2049
    The following terms are applicable to the 4.875% Notes due June 2049:

      •    Title: 4.875% Notes due June 2049.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $1,182,100,000.

      •    Issue date: June 19, 2019.

      •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 4.875% Notes due June 2049 on June 19, 2049 at 100% of their principal amount,
           plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •    Interest rate: 4.875% per annum.

      •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on June 19 and December 19 of each year, commencing December 19, 2019 up to and
           including the maturity date for the 4.875% Notes due June 2049, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •    Business day convention: Following, Unadjusted.

      •    Day count fraction: 30/360

      •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 4.875% Notes due June 2049, in whole or in part,
           at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
           4.875% Notes due June 2049 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the
           sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 4.875% Notes due June 2049
           (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date
           on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 40
           basis points.

      •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
           4.875% Note due 19 June 2049 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase
           (or procure the purchase of) such 4.875% Note due 19 June 2049 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the
           aggregate principal amount of such 4.875% Note due 19 June 2049, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 4.875% Note
           due 19 June 2049 to the date of redemption.

4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050
    The following terms are applicable to the 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050.

      •    Title: 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $826,327,000.

      •    Issue Date: September 17, 2019.

      •    Maturity Date: The Company will repay the 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050 on September 17, 2050 at 100% of their
           principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •    Interest Rate: 4.25% per annum.

      •    Interest Payment Dates: Semi-annually on March 17 and September 17 of each year, commencing March 17, 2020 up to and
           including the maturity date for the 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •    Optional Make-Whole Redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050, in
           whole or in part, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal
           amount of such 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050, plus accrued
           interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the sum of the present values of the remaining
           scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 4.250% Notes due 17 September 2050 (excluding any portion of such
           payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming
           a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 35 basis points.

      •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
           4.250% Note due 17 September 2050 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option,
           purchase (or procure the purchase of) such 4.250% Note due 17 September 2050 at an optional redemption amount equal to
           101% of the aggregate principal amount of such 4.250% Note due 17 September 2050, plus accrued and unpaid interest on
           such 4.250% Note due 17 September 2050 to the date of redemption.

5.625% Notes due February 2053
    The following terms are applicable to the 5.625% Notes due February 2053.

      •    Title: 5.125% Notes due February 2053.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $700,000,000.

      •    Issue date: February 10, 2023.

      •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.625% Notes due February 2053 on February 10, 2023 at 100% of their principal
           amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •    Interest rate: 5.625% per annum.

      •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on February 10 and September 10 of each year, commencing September 10, 2023 up to
           and including the maturity date for the 5.625% Notes due February 2053, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.625% Notes due February 2053, in whole or in
           part, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
           5.625% Note due February 2053 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent,
           the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.625% Note due
           February 2053 (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the
           redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury
           rate, plus 30 basis points.

      •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
           5.625% Note due February 2053 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase
           (or procure the purchase of) such 5.625% Note due February 2053 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the
           aggregate principal amount of such 5.625% Note due February 2053, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.625% Note
           due February 2053 to the date of redemption.

5.750% Notes due June 2054
    The following terms are applicable to the 5.750% Notes due June 2054.

      •    Title: 5.750% Notes due June 2054.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $2,000,000,000.

      •    Issue date: June 28, 2024.

      •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.750% Notes due June 2054 on June 28, 2054 at 100% of their principal amount,
           plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •    Interest rate: 5.750% per annum.
      •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on June 28 and December 28 of each year, commencing December 28, 2024 up to and
           including the maturity date for the 5.750% Notes due June 2054, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.750% Notes due June 2054, in whole or in part,
           at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
           5.750% Note due June 2054 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the
           sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.750% Note due June 2054
           (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date
           on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 25
           basis points.

      •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
           5.750% Note due June 2054 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase (or
           procure the purchase of) such 5.750% Note due June 2054 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the aggregate
           principal amount of such 5.750% Note due June 2054, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.750% Note due June 2054
           to the date of redemption.

5.125% Notes due June 2059
    The following terms are applicable to the 5.125% Notes due June 2059.

      •    Title: 5.125% Notes due June 2059.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $826,327,000.

      •    Issue date: June 19, 2019.

      •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.125% Notes due June 2059 on June 19, 2059 at 100% of their principal amount,
           plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •    Interest rate: 5.125% per annum.

      •    Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on June 19 and December 19 of each year, commencing December 19, 2019 up to and
           including the maturity date for the 5.125% Notes due June 2059, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •    Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.125% Notes due June 2059, in whole or in part,
           at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
           5.125% Notes due June 2059 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the
           sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.125% Notes due June 2059
           (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date
           on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 40
           basis points.

      •    Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
           5.125% Note due June 2059 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase (or
           procure the purchase of) such 5.125% Note due June 2058 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the aggregate
           principal amount of such 5.125% Note due June 2059, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.125% Note due June 2059
           to the date of redemption.

5.750% Notes due February 2063
    The following terms are applicable to the 5.750% Notes due February 2063.

      •    Title: 5.750% Notes due February 2063.

      •    Total principal amount outstanding: $500,000,000.

      •    Issue date: February 10, 2023.

      •    Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.750% Notes due February 2063 on February 10, 2063 at
            100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •     Interest rate: 5.750% per annum.

      •     Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on February 10 and September 10 of each year, commencing September 10, 2023 up to
            and including the maturity date for the 5.750% Notes due February 2063, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •     Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.750% Notes due February 2063, in whole or in
            part, at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
            5.750% Note due February 2063 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent,
            the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.750% Note due
            February 2063 (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the
            redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury
            rate, plus 35 basis points.

      •     Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
            5.750% Note due February 2063 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase
            (or procure the purchase of) such 5.750% Note due February 2063 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the
            aggregate principal amount of such 5.750% Note due February 2063, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.750% Note
            due February 2063 to the date of Redemption.

5.875% Notes due June 2064

            The following terms are applicable to the 5.875% Notes due June 2064.

      •     Title: 5.875% Notes due June 2064.

      •     Total principal amount outstanding: $1,000,000,000.

      •     Issue date: June 28, 2024.

      •     Maturity date: The Company will repay the 5.875% Notes due June 2064 on June 28, 2064 at 100% of their principal amount,
            plus accrued and unpaid interest.

      •     Interest rate: 5.875% per annum.

      •     Interest payment dates: Semi-annually on June 28 and December 28 of each year, commencing December 28, 2024 up to and
            including the maturity date for the 5.875% Notes due June 2064, subject to the applicable business day convention.

      •     Optional make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem the 5.875% Notes due June 2064, in whole or in part,
            at any time and from time to time at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount of such
            5.875% Note due June 2064 plus accrued interest to the date of redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the
            sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on such 5.875% Note due June 2064
            (excluding any portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date
            on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the adjusted treasury rate, plus 25
            basis points.

      •     Redemption or Repurchase Following a Change of Control: If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, then the holder of a
            5.875% Note due June 2064 will have the option to require the Company to redeem or, at the Company’s option, purchase (or
            procure the purchase of) such 5.875% Note due June 2064 at an optional redemption amount equal to 101% of the aggregate
            principal amount of such 5.875% Note due June 2064, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such 5.875% Note due June 2064
            to the date of redemption.

Other Terms Applicable to All Notes
     The following terms are applicable to all Notes.

      •     Guarantee: None.

      •     Denomination: The Notes are issued, unless otherwise indicated in the applicable prospectus supplement, in
        denominations that are even multiples of $1,000.

    •   Regular record dates for interest: With respect to each interest payment date, the regular record date for interest on Notes in
        registered form is the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day prior to the date for payment, where “Clearing
        System Business Day” means Monday to Friday, inclusive, except December 25 and January 1. The regular record date for
        interest on Notes that are represented by physical certificates is the date that is 15 calendar days prior to such date, whether or
        not such date is a business day.

    •   Payment of additional amounts: The Company intends to make all payments on the Notes without deducting United Kingdom
        (“U.K.”) withholding taxes. If any deduction is required on payments to non- U.K. investors, the Company will pay additional
        amounts on those payments.

    •   Optional Tax Redemption: The Company may redeem the Notes before they mature if the Company is obligated to pay
        additional amounts due to changes on or after the date of the final term sheet in U.K. withholding tax requirements, a merger
        or consolidation with another entity or a sale or lease of substantially all its assets and other limited circumstances. In that
        event, the Company may redeem the Notes in whole but not in part on any interest payment date, at a price equal to 100% of
        their principal amount plus accrued interest to the date fixed for redemption.

    •   Ranking: The Notes rank equally with all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Company.
        Because the Company is a holding company, the Notes effectively rank junior to any indebtedness or other liabilities of its
        subsidiaries.

    •   Business Days: For Notes which are fixed rate notes, New York; for Notes which are floating rate notes, London and New
        York.

    •   Business Day Convention:

             •        For Notes which are fixed rate notes: Following, Unadjusted.

             •        For Notes which are floating rate notes: Modified, Following.

    •   Day Count Fraction:

             •        For Notes which are fixed rate notes: 30/360.

             •        For Notes which are floating rate notes: Actual/360 (ISDA).

    •   Trading through DTC (as defined below), Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear: The Company understands that secondary
        market trading between DTC participants will occur in the ordinary way in accordance with DTC’s rules. Secondary market
        trading will be settled using procedures applicable to U.S. corporate debt obligations in DTC’s Same-Day Funds Settlement
        System.

             •        If payment is made in U.S. dollars, settlement will be in same-day funds. If payment is made in a currency other
                      than U.S. dollars, settlement will be free of payment. If payment is made other than in U.S. dollars, separate
                      payment arrangements outside of the DTC system must be made between the DTC participants involved.

             •        The Company understands that secondary market trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg
                      participants will occur in the ordinary way following the applicable rules and operating procedures of Euroclear
                      and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Secondary market trading will be settled using procedures applicable to
                      conventional Eurobonds in registered form.

    •   Name of depositary: The Depositary Trust Company, commonly referred to as “DTC”.

    •   Sinking fund: There is no sinking fund.

    •   Trustee, Calculation Agent and Principal Paying Agent: The Bank of New York Mellon.

    •   Governing law and jurisdiction: New York law governs the Indenture and the Notes, except for certain events of default
        described in the Indenture, which are governed by English law.

    •   Adjusted treasury rate: “Adjusted treasury rate” means, with respect to any redemption date, the rate per year equal to the
        semi-annual equivalent yield to maturity of the comparable treasury issue, assuming a price for the comparable treasury issue
        (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the comparable treasury price for such redemption date.

    •   “Comparable treasury issue” means the U.S. Treasury security selected by the quotation agent as having a maturity
        comparable to the remaining term of such Notes to be redeemed that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in
        accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt
             securities of comparable maturity to the remaining terms of such Notes.

       •     “Comparable treasury price” means, with respect to any redemption date, the average of the reference treasury dealer
             quotations for such redemption date.

       •     “Quotation agent” means the reference treasury dealer appointed by the Trustee after consultation with the Company.

       •     “Reference treasury dealer” means any primary U.S. government securities dealer in New York City selected by the Trustee
             after consultation with the Company.

       •     “Reference treasury dealer quotations” means with respect to each reference treasury dealer and any redemption date, the
             average, as determined by the Trustee, of the bid and asked prices for the comparable treasury issue (expressed as a percentage
             of its principal amount) quoted in writing to the Trustee by such reference treasury dealer at 5:00 p.m. Eastern Standard Time
             on the third business day preceding such redemption date.

Additional Mechanics Exchange and Transfer
You may have your Notes broken into more debt securities of smaller denominations or combined into fewer debt securities of larger
denominations, as long as the total principal amount is not changed. This is called an exchange. (Section 305)

In the case of registered Notes, you may exchange or transfer your registered Notes at the office of the Trustee. The Trustee acts as its
agent for registering Notes in the names of holders and transferring registered Notes. The Company may change this appointment to
another entity or perform the service itself. The entity performing the role of maintaining the list of registered holders is called the
“security registrar”. It will also register transfers of the registered Notes. However, you may not exchange registered Notes for bearer
Notes. (Section 305)

You will not be required to pay a service charge to exchange or transfer Notes, but you may be required to pay any tax or other
governmental charge associated with the exchange or transfer. The exchange or transfer of a registered Note will only be made if the
security registrar is satisfied with your proof of ownership.

If the Company designates additional transfer agents, they will be named in the applicable prospectus supplement. The Company may
cancel the designation of any particular transfer agent. The Company may also approve a change in the office through which any transfer
agent acts. (Section 1002)

If the Notes are redeemable and the Company redeems less than all of the Notes of a particular series, the Company may block the
exchange or transfer of the Notes in order to freeze the list of holders to prepare the mailing during the period beginning 15 days before the
day the Company mail the notice of redemption and ending on the day of that mailing. The Company may also refuse to register exchanges
or transfers of the Notes selected for redemption. However, the Company will continue to permit exchanges and transfers of the
unredeemed portion of any Note being partially redeemed. (Section 305)


Payment and Paying Agents
If your Notes are in registered form, the Company will pay interest to you if you are a direct holder listed in the Trustee’s records at the
close of business on a particular day in advance of each due date for interest, even if you no longer own the security on the interest due
date. That particular day, usually the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the interest due date, is called the “regular record
date” and will be stated in the prospectus supplement. (Section 307)

The Company will pay interest, principal and any other money due on the registered Notes at the corporate trust office of the Trustee in
New York City. That office is currently located at 101 Barclay Street, 7E, New York, NY 10286.

Interest on global securities will be paid to the holder thereof by wire transfer of same-day funds.

Holders buying and selling the Notes must work out between them how to compensate for the fact that the Company will pay all the
interest for an interest period to, in the case of registered Notes, the one who is the registered holder on the regular record date or, in the
case of bearer Notes, to the bearer. The most common manner
is to adjust the sales price of the Notes to pro rate interest fairly between buyer and seller. This prorated interest amount is called “accrued
interest”. The paying agent for a particular series will be set forth in the prospectus supplement establishing that series.


Notices
The Company and the Trustee will send notices only to direct holders, using their addresses as listed in the Trustee’s records. (Sections 101
and 106)

Regardless of who acts as paying agent, all money that the Company pay to a paying agent that remains unclaimed at the end of two years
after the amount is due to direct holders will be repaid to us upon its request. After that two-year period, direct holders may look only to us
for payment and not to the Trustee, any other paying agent or anyone else. (Section 1003)


Special Situations
Mergers and Similar Events
The Company is generally permitted to consolidate or merge with another entity. The Company is also permitted to sell or lease
substantially all of its assets to another entity or to buy or lease substantially all of the assets of another entity. No vote by holders of the
Notes approving any of these actions is required, unless as part of the transaction the Company makes changes to the Indenture requiring
your approval, as described later under “— Modification and Waiver”. The Company may take these actions as part of a transaction
involving outside third parties or as part of an internal corporate reorganization. The Company may take these actions even if they result in:

       •     a lower credit rating being assigned to the Notes; or

       •     additional amounts becoming payable in respect of withholding tax, and the Notes thus being subject to redemption at its
             option, as described below under “—Optional Tax Redemption”.

       •     The Company has no obligation under the Indenture to seek to avoid these results, or any other legal or financial effects that
             are disadvantageous to you, in connection with a merger, consolidation or sale or lease of assets that is permitted under the
             Indenture. However, the Company may not take any of these actions unless all the following conditions are met:

       •     If the Company merges out of existence or sell or lease its assets, the other entity must assume its obligations on the Notes and
             under the Indenture, including the obligation to pay the additional amounts described under “—Payment of Additional
             Amounts”. This assumption may be by way of a full and unconditional guarantee in the case of a sale or lease of substantially
             all of its assets.

       •     If such other entity is organized under the laws of a country other than the United States or England and Wales, it must
             indemnify you against any governmental charge or other cost resulting from the transaction.

       •     The Company must not be in default on the Notes immediately prior to such action and such action must not cause a default. A
             default for this purpose would also include any event that would be an event of default if the requirements for notice of default
             or existence of defaults for a specified period of time were disregarded.

       •     If the Company sells or leases substantially all of its assets and the entity to which the Company sells or leases such assets
             guarantees its obligations, that entity must execute a supplement to the Indenture, known as a supplemental indenture. In the
             supplemental indenture, the entity must promise to be bound by every obligation in the Indenture. Furthermore, in this case,
             the Trustee must receive an opinion of counsel stating that the entity’s guarantees are valid, that certain registration
             requirements applicable to the guarantees have been fulfilled and that the supplemental indenture complies with the Trust
             Indenture Act of 1939. The entity that guarantees its obligations must also deliver certain certificates and other documents to
             the Trustee.

       •     The Company must deliver certain certificates and other documents to the Trustee.

       •     The Company must satisfy any other requirements specified in the prospectus supplement. (Section 801)
It is possible that the United States Internal Revenue Service may deem a merger or other similar transaction to cause for U.S. federal
income tax purposes an exchange of debt securities for new securities by the holders of the
Notes. This could result in the recognition of taxable gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes and possible other adverse tax
consequences.


Modification and Waiver
There are three types of changes the Company can make to the Indenture and the Notes.

Changes Requiring Approval of Each Holder. First, there are changes that cannot be made to the Notes without the approval of each holder.
These are the following types of changes:

       •    change the stated maturity of the principal or interest on a Note;

       •    reduce any amounts due on a Note;

       •    change any obligation to pay the additional amounts described under “—Payment of Additional Amounts”;

       •    reduce the amount of principal payable upon acceleration of the maturity of a Note following a default;

       •    change the place or currency of payment on a Note;

       •    impair any of the conversion rights of the Notes;

       •    impair your right to sue for payment or conversion;

       •    reduce the percentage of holders of the Notes whose consent is needed to modify or amend the Indenture;

       •    reduce the percentage of holders of the Notes whose consent is needed to waive compliance with various provisions of the
            Indenture or to waive specified defaults; and

       •    modify any other aspect of the provisions dealing with modification and waiver of the Indenture. (Section 902)

       •    Changes Requiring a Majority Vote. The second type of change to the Indenture and the Notes is the kind that requires a vote
            of approval by the holders of the Notes which together represent a majority of the outstanding principal amount of the
            particular series affected. Most changes fall into this category, except for clarifying changes, amendments, supplements and
            other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the Notes in any material respect. For example, this vote would be
            required for us to obtain a waiver of all or part of any covenants described in an applicable prospectus supplement or a waiver
            of a past default. However, the Company cannot obtain a waiver of a payment default or any other aspect of the Indenture or
            the Notes listed in the first category described above under “—Changes Requiring Approval of Each Holder” unless the
            Company obtains your individual consent to the waiver. (Section 513)

      Changes Not Requiring Approval. The third type of change does not require any vote by holders of the Notes. This type is limited to
clarifications, amendments, supplements and other changes that would not adversely affect holders of the Notes in any material respect.
(Section 901)

    Further Details Concerning Voting. When taking a vote, the Company will use the following rules to decide how much principal
amount to attribute to a security:

       •    For original issue discount securities, the Company will use the principal amount that would be due and payable on the voting
            date if the maturity of the Notes were accelerated to that date because of a default.

       •    For Notes whose principal amount is not known (for example, because it is based on an index), the Company will use a special
            rule for that security described in the prospectus supplement for that Note.

       •    For Notes denominated in one or more foreign currencies, currency units or composite currencies, the Company will use the
            U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date on which such Notes were originally issued.

       The Notes will not be considered outstanding, and therefore will not be eligible to vote, if the Company has deposited or set aside in
trust for your money for their payment or redemption. The Notes will also not be eligible to vote if they have been fully defeased as
described under “—Defeasance and Discharge”. (Section 101) The Company will generally be entitled to set any day as a record date for
the purpose of determining the holders of outstanding Notes that are entitled to vote or take other action under the Indenture. In limited
circumstances, the Trustee will be entitled to set a record date for action by holders. If the Company or the Trustee set a record date for a
vote or other action to be taken by holders of a particular series, that vote or action may be taken only by persons who are holders of
outstanding Notes of that series on the record date and must be taken within 180 days following
the record date or another period that the Company or, if it sets the record date, the Trustee may specify. The Company may shorten or
lengthen (but not beyond 180 days) this period from time to time. (Section 104)


Redemption and Repayment
      Unless otherwise indicated in your prospectus supplement, your Note will not be entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund - that is,
the Company will not deposit money on a regular basis into any separate custodial account to repay your Notes. In addition, the Company
will not be entitled to redeem your Note before its stated maturity unless your prospectus supplement specifies a redemption
commencement date. You will not be entitled to require the Company to buy your Note from you, before its stated maturity, unless your
prospectus supplement specifies one or more repayment dates.

     If your prospectus supplement specifies a redemption commencement date or a repayment date, it will also specify one or more
redemption prices or repayment prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of your Note or by reference to
one or more formulae used to determine the redemption price(s). It may also specify one or more redemption periods during which the
redemption prices relating to a redemption of the Notes during those periods will apply.

      If your prospectus supplement specifies a redemption commencement date, the Company may redeem your Note at its option at any
time on or after that date. If the Company redeems your Note, the Company will do so at the specified redemption price, together with
interest accrued to the redemption date. If different prices are specified for different redemption periods, the price the Company pays will
be the price that applies to the redemption period during which your Note is redeemed.
     If your prospectus supplement specifies a repayment date, your Note will be repayable by us at your option on the specified
repayment date(s) at the specified repayment price(s), together with interest accrued to the repayment date.

      In the event that the Company exercise an option to redeem any Note, the Company will give to the holder written notice of the
principal amount of the Note to be redeemed, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days before the applicable redemption date. The
Company will give the notice in the manner described under “— Notices”.

      If a Note represented by a global security is subject to repayment at the holder’s option, the depositary or its nominee, as the holder,
will be the only person that can exercise the right to repayment. Any indirect holders who own beneficial interests in the global security
and wish to exercise a repayment right must give proper and timely instructions to their banks or brokers through which they hold their
interests, requesting that they notify the depositary to exercise the repayment right on their behalf. Different firms have different deadlines
for accepting instructions from their customers, and you should take care to act promptly enough to ensure that your request is given effect
by the depositary before the applicable deadline for exercise.

      In the event that the option of the holder to elect repayment as described above is deemed to be a “tender offer” within the meaning
of Rule 14e-l under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company will comply with Rule 14e-l as then in effect to the extent it is
applicable to us and the transaction. The Company or its affiliates may purchase the Notes from investors who are willing to sell from time
to time, either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. The Notes that the Company or they
purchase may, in its discretion, be held, resold or cancelled.


Payment of Additional Amounts
       The government of any jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated may require it to withhold amounts from payments on the
principal or any premium or interest on a Note for taxes or any other governmental charges. If the jurisdiction requires a withholding of
this type, the Company may be required to pay you an additional amount so that the net amount you receive will be the amount specified in
the debt security to which you are entitled. However, in order for you to be entitled to receive the additional amount, you must not be
resident in the jurisdiction that requires the withholding.

     The Company will not have to pay additional amounts under any of the following circumstances:

       •    The U.S. government or any political subdivision of the U.S. government is the entity that is imposing the tax or governmental
            charge.

       •    The withholding is imposed only because the holder was or is connected to the taxing jurisdiction or, if the holder is not an
            individual, the tax or governmental charge was imposed because a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of the
            holder or a party possessing a power over a holder that is an estate or trust was or is connected to the taxing jurisdiction.
            These connections include those where the holder or related party:

       •    is or has been a citizen or resident of the jurisdiction;

       •    is or has been engaged in trade or business in the jurisdiction; or

       •    has or had a permanent establishment in the jurisdiction.

       •    The withholding is imposed due to the presentation of a Note, if presentation is required, for payment on a date more than 30
            days after the security became due or after the payment was provided for.

       •    The withholding is imposed due to the presentation of a Note for payment in the United Kingdom.

       •    The withholding is on account of an estate, inheritance, gift, sale, transfer, personal property or similar tax or other
            governmental charge.
      •     The withholding is for a tax or governmental charge that is payable in a manner that does not involve withholding.

      •     The withholding is imposed or withheld because the holder or beneficial owner failed to comply with any of its requests for
            the following that the statutes, treaties, regulations or administrative practices of the taxing jurisdiction require as a
            precondition to exemption from all or part of such withholding:

      •     to provide information about the nationality, residence or identity of the holder or beneficial owner; or

      •     to make a declaration or satisfy any information requirements.

      •     The holder is a fiduciary or partnership or other entity that is not the sole beneficial owner of the payment in respect of which
            the withholding is imposed, and the laws of the taxing jurisdiction require the payment to be included in the income of a
            beneficiary or settlor of such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or another beneficial owner who would not have been
            entitled to such additional amounts had it been the holder of such debt security.

      •     With respect to Notes originally issued in bearer form, the payment relates to a Note that is in physical form. However, this
            exception only applies if:

      •     the Note in physical form was issued at the holder’s request following an event of default; and

      •     the Company have not issued physical certificates for the entire principal amount of such series of Notes.

      •     The withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings
            income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive.

      •     The withholding or deduction is imposed on a holder or beneficial owner who could have avoided such withholding or
            deduction by presenting its Notes to another paying agent.

      These provisions will also apply to any taxes or governmental charges imposed by any jurisdiction in which a successor to us is
organized. The prospectus supplement relating to the Notes may describe additional circumstances in which the Company would not be
required to pay additional amounts. (Sections 205, 802 and 1004)


Optional Tax Redemption
     The Company may have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Notes in the three situations described below. In such
cases, the redemption price for Notes (other than original issue discount Notes) will be equal to the principal amount of the Notes being
redeemed plus accrued interest and any additional amounts due on the date fixed for redemption. The redemption price for original issue
discount Notes will be specified in the prospectus supplement for such securities. Furthermore, the Company must give you between 30-
and 60-days’ notice before redeeming the Notes.


Defeasance and Discharge
     Except for various obligations described below, the Company can legally release itself from any payment or other obligations on the
Notes (called “full defeasance”) if it, in addition to other actions, put in place the following arrangements for you to be repaid:

      •     The Company must deposit in trust for your benefit and the benefit of all other direct holders of the Notes a combination of
            money and U.S. government or U.S. government agency notes or bonds that, in the opinion of a nationally recognized public
            accounting firm, will generate enough cash to make interest, principal and any other payments on the Notes on their various
            due dates.

      •     The Company must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of its counsel, based upon a ruling by the United States Internal
            Revenue Service or upon a change in applicable U.S. federal income tax law, confirming that under then current U.S. federal
            income tax law the Company may make the above deposit without
            causing you to be taxed on the Notes any differently than if the Company did not make the deposit and just repaid the Notes
            itself.

      If the Notes are listed on any securities exchange, the Company must deliver to the Trustee a legal opinion of its counsel confirming
that the deposit, defeasance and discharge will not cause the Notes to be delisted. (Sections 1402 and 1404)

       If the Company ever did accomplish full defeasance as described above, you would have to rely solely on the trust deposit for
repayment on the Notes. You could not look to us for repayment in the unlikely event of any shortfall. Conversely, the trust deposit would
most likely be protected from claims of its lenders and other creditors if the Company ever become bankrupt or insolvent. However, even
if the Company take these actions, a number of its obligations relating to the Notes and under the Indenture will remain. These include the
following obligations:

       •    to register the exchange and transfer of the Notes;

       •    to replace mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes;

       •    to maintain paying agencies; and

       •    to hold money for payment in trust.


Default and Related Matters
Ranking
       The Notes are not secured by any of the Company’s property or assets. Accordingly, your ownership of the Notes means you are one
of its unsecured creditors. The Notes may or may not be subordinated to any of its other debt obligations as indicated in the applicable
prospectus supplement. If they are not subordinated, they will rank equally with all its other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness.


Events of Default
     You will have special rights if an event of default occurs and is not cured, as described later in this subsection.
     What Is an Event of Default? The term event of default means any of the following:

       •    The Company does not pay the principal or any premium on a Note within 14 days of its due date.

       •    The Company does not pay interest on a Note within 21 days of its due date.

       •    The Company does not deposit any sinking fund payment within 14 days of its due date, if the Company agreed to maintain a
            sinking fund for your Notes and the other Notes of the same series.

       •    The Company remains in breach of any covenant or any other term of the Indenture for 30 days after the Company receives a
            notice of default stating that the Company is in breach. The notice must be sent by either the Trustee or holders of 25% of the
            principal amount of Notes of the affected series.

       •    The Company remains in default in the conversion of any convertible security of a given series for 30 days after the Company
            receives a notice of default stating that the Company is in default. The notice must be sent by either the Trustee or the holders
            of 25% of the principal amount of Notes of the affected series.

       •    If the total aggregate principal amount of all of its indebtedness for borrowed money, which meets one of the following
            conditions, together with the amount of any guarantees and indemnities described in the next point, equals or exceeds
            £50 million or, after August 1, 2014, £150 million:

       •    the principal amount of such indebtedness becomes due and payable prematurely as a result of an event of default (however
            described) under the agreement(s) governing that indebtedness;
       •    the Company fails to make any payment in respect of such indebtedness on the date when it is due (as extended by any
            originally applicable grace period); or

       •    any security that the Company has granted securing the payment of any such indebtedness becomes enforceable by reason of
            any default relating thereto and steps are taken to enforce the security.

       •    The Company fails to make payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity (after the expiry of any originally applicable
            grace period) of another person’s indebtedness for borrowed money in an amount that, when added to the indebtedness for
            borrowed money which meets one of the conditions described in the prior point, equals or exceeds £50 million or, after
            August 1, 2014, £150 million.

       •    The Company is ordered by a court or passes a resolution to wind up or dissolve, save for the purposes of a reorganization on
            terms approved in writing by the Trustee.

       •    The Company stops paying or is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, or the Company is adjudicated or found bankrupt or
            insolvent, or the Company enters into any composition or other similar arrangement with its creditors under the U.K.
            Insolvency Act.

       •    If a receiver or administrator is appointed in relation to, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is
            levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against, the whole or a substantial part of its undertakings or assets and (other
            than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged or removed within 90 days.

       •    Any other event of default described in the applicable prospectus supplement occurs. (Section 501)

     An event of default for a particular series of Notes does not necessarily constitute an event of default for any other series of Notes
issued under the Indenture.

      For these purposes, “indebtedness for borrowed money” means any present or future indebtedness (whether it is principal, premium,
interest or other amounts) for or in respect of:

       •    money borrowed (including in the form of any bonds, notes, debentures, debenture stock or loan stock); or

       •    liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit.

      Remedies If an Event of Default Occurs. If an event of default has occurred and has not been cured, the Trustee or the holders of 25%
in principal amount of the Notes of the affected series may declare the entire principal amount of all the Notes of that series to be due and
immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. If an event of default occurs because of certain events in
bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization, the principal amount of all the Notes of that series will be automatically accelerated without any
action by the Trustee, any holder or any other person. A declaration of acceleration of maturity may be canceled by the holders of at least a
majority in principal amount of the Notes of the affected series. (Section 502) The holders of a majority in principal amount of the
outstanding Notes of any series will have the right to direct the time, method, and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy
available to the Trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Trustee, with respect to the Notes of such series, provided that
(a) such direction must not be in conflict with any rule of law or with the Indenture, (b) the Trustee may take any other action deemed
proper by the Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction, and (c) such holders shall have offered to the Trustee security or
indemnity satisfactory to the Trustee against the costs, expenses, and liabilities which might be incurred by it in compliance with such
request or direction. (Sections 512 and 603) Before you bypass the Trustee and bring your own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take
other steps to enforce your rights or protect your interests relating to the Notes, the following must occur:

       •    You must give the Trustee written notice that an event of default has occurred and remains uncured.

       •    The holders of 25% in principal amount of all outstanding Notes of the relevant series must make a written request that the
            Trustee take action because of the default, and must offer satisfactory indemnity to the Trustee against the cost and other
            liabilities of taking that action.
       •    The Trustee must have not taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity.

       •    The holders of a majority in principal amount of all outstanding Notes of the relevant series must not have given the Trustee a
            direction that is inconsistent with the above notice. (Section 507) 508)

     However, you are entitled at any time to bring a lawsuit for the payment of money due on your Note on or after its due date. (Section


Descriptions of the Capital Securities
Capital Securities due April 2079
      The following terms are applicable to the Capital Securities due April 2079 (“2079 Capital Securities”). Within this section,
capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined have the meaning given to them in the prospectus supplement dated March 28, 2019 (the
“2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement”), to the base prospectus dated July 31, 2017 (File No. 333-219583), filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) on April 1, 2019, which prospectus supplement is incorporated by
reference herein.

       •    Title: Capital Securities due April 2079.

       •    Total principal amount outstanding: $2,000,000,000.

       •    Issue date: April 4, 2019.

       •    Maturity date: Unless previously redeemed, purchased, cancelled or substituted, the Capital Securities due April 2079 will
            mature on April 4, 2079, and holders will be entitled to receive 100% of the principal amount of the Capital Securities due
            April 2079, together with any accrued and unpaid interest and any outstanding arrears of interest.

       •    Interest: The Capital Securities due April 2079 bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the issue date to
            (but excluding) April 4, 2029 (the “First Reset Date”) at a rate of 7.000% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears on
            April 4 and October 4 in each year, commencing on October 4, 2019. Thereafter, unless previously redeemed, the Capital
            Securities due April 2079 will bear interest from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) April 4, 2049 at a rate
            per annum which shall be 4.873% above the 5 year Swap Rate (as defined below) for the relevant reset period, payable semi-
            annually in arrears on April 4 and October 4 in each year. From (and including) April 4, 2049 up to (but excluding) April 4,
            2079 (the “Maturity Date”), unless previously redeemed, the Capital Securities due April 2079 will bear interest at a rate per
            annum which shall be 5.623% above the 5 year Swap Rate for the relevant Reset Period payable semi-annually in arrears on
            April 4 and October 4 in each year. See “Description of Securities—Interest Payments” in the 2079 Capital Securities
            Prospectus Supplement.

       •    Optional interest deferral: The Company may, at its discretion, elect to defer all or part of any Interest Payment (a “Deferred
            Interest Payment”) which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date by giving a Deferral Notice of such
            election to the holders Capital Securities due April 2079, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent. Other than in connection
            with a Mandatory Settlement, if the Company elects not to make all or part of any Interest Payment on an Interest Payment
            Date, then the Company will not have any obligation to pay such interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such
            non-payment of interest will not constitute an Event of Default of the Issuer or any other breach of its obligations under the
            Capital Securities due April 2079 or for any other purpose.

       •    Further Issuances: The Company may, at its option, at any time and without the consent of the then existing noteholders issue
            additional Notes in one or more transactions (other than the issuance date and, possibly, the first interest payment date)
            identical to the Capital Securities due April 2079. These additional Notes will be deemed to be part of the same series as the
            Capital Securities due April 2079 and will provide the holders of these additional Notes the right to vote together with holders
            of the Capital Securities due April 2079.
    •   Arrears of Interest in respect of the Capital Securities due April 2079 may be satisfied at the option of the Company in whole
        or in part at any time (the “Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date”) following delivery of a notice to such effect given by
        the Company to the holders of the Capital Securities due April 2079, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent informing
        them of its election to so satisfy such Arrears of Interest (or part thereof) and specifying the Optional Deferred Interest
        Settlement Date.

    •   Any Deferred Interest Payment (or part thereof) shall itself bear interest (such further interest together with the Deferred
        Interest Payment, being “Arrears of Interest”), at the Interest Rate prevailing from time to time, from (and including) the date
        on which (but for such deferral) the Deferred Interest Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but excluding)
        the Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date or, as appropriate, such other date on which such Deferred Interest Payment is
        paid in connection with a Mandatory Settlement, in each case such further interest being compounded on each Interest
        Payment Date. Non-payment of Arrears of Interest shall not constitute a default by the Company under the Capital Securities
        due April 2079 or for any other purpose, unless such payment is required in connection with a Mandatory Settlement.

    •   Mandatory Settlement: Notwithstanding the above and the provisions of “Optional Interest Deferral” in the 2079 Capital
        Securities Prospectus Supplement, the Company will pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest, in whole but not in part, on the
        first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first
        arose. A “Mandatory Settlement Date” as defined in the terms of the Capital Securities due April 2079 encompasses (i)
        dividends, other distributions or payments in respect of Parity Obligations and other events that constitute “Compulsory
        Arrears of Interest Settlement Events,” (ii) payments of interest on the Capital Securities due April 2079 on a scheduled
        Interest Payment Date following the Interest Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose and (iii) the date
        of which the Capital Securities due April 2079 are redeemed or repaid in accordance with the conditions set forth under
        “Description of Securities—Subordination”, “Description of Securities—Redemption” or “Description of Securities—Event
        of Default” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement.

    •   Optional Redemption: The Company may redeem all, but not less than all, of the Capital Securities due April 2079 on any date
        in the period commencing on any date from (and including) the First Call Date to (and including) the First Reset Date or on
        any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but
        excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest in respect of the Capital Securities due April 2079.

    •   Special Event Redemption: If a Capital Event, Tax Event, Accounting Event or Withholding Tax Event (any such, a “Special
        Event”) has occurred and is continuing, then the Company may redeem at any time all, but not less than all, of the Capital
        Securities due April 2079 at:

         ○   in the case of a Capital Event, Tax Event or Accounting Event where the relevant date fixed for redemption falls prior to
             the First Call Date, 101% of their principal amount;

         ○   in the case of a Capital Event, Tax Event or Accounting Event where the relevant date fixed for redemption falls on or
             after the First Call Date, 100% of their principal amount; or

         ○   in the case of a Withholding Tax Event where any such redemption occurs at any time, 100% of their principal amount,
                       in each case together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any
                       outstanding Arrears of Interest in respect of the Capital Securities due April 2079.

    •   Change of Control: If a Change of Control Event has occurred and is continuing, the Company may elect to redeem all, but
        not less than all, of the Capital Securities due April 2079 at any time at 101% of the principal amount of the Capital Securities
        due April 2079, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding
        Arrears of Interest in respect of the Capital Securities due April 2079.
        If the Company does not elect to redeem the Capital Securities due April 2079 following the occurrence of a Change of
        Control Event, the then prevailing Interest Rate, and each subsequent Interest Rate, on the
            Capital Securities due April 2079 shall be increased by 5% per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the
            Change of Control Event occurred.

       •    Substitution or variation instead of special event redemption: If an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a
            Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, without the consent of the holders of Capital Securities due April 2079,
            the Company may either, as an alternative to redemption, at any time, (i) substitute all, but not less than all, of the Capital
            Securities due April 2079 for, or (ii) vary the terms of the Capital Securities due April 2079 with the effect that they remain or
            become, as the case may be, Qualifying Securities, in each case in accordance with certain conditions and subject, inter alia, to
            the receipt by the Trustee of the Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each as defined in the Indenture.

       •    Event of Default: If a default is made by the Company for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or
            premium (if any) or 21 days or more in the payment of interest, in each case in respect of any tranche of the 2079 Capital
            Securities and which is due, then the Company shall, without notice from the Trustee, be deemed to be in default under the
            indenture and the relevant 2079 Capital Securities and the Trustee at its sole discretion may, or shall, if so requested in writing
            by the shareholders of at least 25% in principal amount of the relevant 2079 Capital Securities then outstanding, subject in
            each case to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, institute proceedings for the winding- up
            of the Company and/or prove and/or claim in the winding-up or liquidation of the Company, such claim being subordinated,
            and for the amount as provided in “Description of Securities—Subordination— General” in the 2079 Capital Securities
            Prospectus Supplement.

       •    Payment of additional amounts: The Company intends to make all payments on the Notes without deducting United Kingdom
            (“U.K.”) withholding taxes. If any deduction is required on payments to non- U.K. investors, the Company will pay additional
            amounts on those payments to the extent described under “Description of Debt Securities We May Offer—Payment of
            Additional Amounts” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement..


Additional Terms and Mechanics Applicable to Capital Securities due April 2079
Interest Payments
Interest Rate
      The 2079 Capital Securities bear interest on their principal amount at the applicable Interest Rate from (and including) April 4, 2019
(the “Issue Date”) in accordance with the provisions of this “Interest Payments”.

      Subject to conditions set forth under “—Optional Interest Deferral”, interest shall be payable on the 2079 Capital Securities
semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if any Interest Payment Date, other than the Maturity Date, would
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day (without the
accrual of any additional interest for such period), except that if that Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, the Interest
Payment Date will be the immediately preceding Business Day. If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment
of principal and interest will be postponed to the next Business Say and no interest will accrue as a result of that postponement (see “—
General” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement).


Interest Accrual
      The 2079 Capital Securities will cease to bear interest from (and including) the date of redemption thereof pursuant to the provisions
set forth under “—Redemption” or the date of substitution thereof pursuant to “— Substitution or Variation”, as the case may be, unless,
upon due presentation, payment of all amounts due in respect of the 2079 Capital Securities is not made, in which event interest shall
continue to accrue in respect of unpaid amounts on the 2079 Capital Securities, both before and after judgment, and shall be payable, up to
(but excluding) the Relevant Date.
       Except as provided in “—Interest Payments—First Fixed Interest Rate” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, where
it is necessary to calculate an amount of interest in respect of any Security for a period which is less than or equal to a complete Interest
Period, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the case of an
incomplete month, the number of days elapsed.

      Where it is necessary to calculate an amount of interest in respect of any Security for a period of more than one Interest Period, such
interest shall be the aggregate of the interest payable in respect of a full Interest Period plus the interest payable in respect of the remaining
period calculated in the manner as aforesaid.

      Interest in respect of any Security shall be calculated per U.S.$1,000 in principal amount thereof (the “Calculation Amount”). The
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for any period shall, except as provided in “—Interest Payments—First Fixed Interest
Rate” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, be equal to the product of the relevant Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount
and the day count fraction as described in this sub-section for the relevant period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a
cent being rounded upwards). The amount of interest payable in respect of each Security shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined
in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the denomination of such Security without any further rounding.


First Fixed Interest Rate
      For each Interest Period ending prior to the First Reset Date, the 2079 Capital Securities bear interest, subject to “—Optional Interest
Deferral”, at the rate of 7.000% per annum (the “First Fixed Interest Rate”), payable semi- annually in arrears on the related Interest
Payment Dates. Subject to “—Optional Interest Deferral”, the Interest Payment in respect of each Interest Period commencing before the
First Reset Date will amount to U.S.$70.00 per Calculation Amount.


Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates
      For each Interest Period which commences on or after the First Reset Date, the 2079 Capital Securities bear interest, subject to “—
Optional Interest Deferral”, at the Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate determined on the Reset Interest Determination Date in respect of the
Reset Period in which that Interest Period falls. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on the related Interest Payment
Dates until (and including) the Maturity Date and, subject to “—Interest Payments—Step-up after Change of Control Event” and “—
Interest Payments—Benchmark Event” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, the “Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate” shall
be the sum of the relevant 5 year Swap Rate and the applicable Margin, all as determined by the Agent Bank and where:

      “5 year Swap Rate” means the semi-annual mid-swap rate for swap transactions in U.S. dollars with a maturity of 5 years as
displayed on Reuters screen “ICESWAP1” as at 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) (the “Reset Screen Page”) on the day falling two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Reset Period (the “Reset Interest Determination Date”).

      If the 5 year Swap Rate does not appear on the Reset Screen Page on the Reset Interest Determination Date, the 5 year Swap Rate
will be the Reset Reference Bank Rate on such Reset Interest Determination Date unless a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has
occurred, in which case the 5 year Swap Rate shall be determined pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions set forth under”—
Interest Payments—Benchmark Event”.

     As used in this section:
      the “5 year Swap Rate Quotations” means, in respect of each Interest Period falling within a Reset Period, the arithmetic mean of the
bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg (calculated on a 30/360 day count basis) of a fixed-for-floating U.S. dollar interest rate
swap which (i) has a term of 5 years commencing on the relevant Reset Interest Determination Date, (ii) is in an amount that is
representative of a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap
market, and (iii) has a floating leg based on the 3-month U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) rate (calculated on an
Actual/360 day count basis);
     “Margin” means in respect of (i) each Reset Period which falls in the period commencing on (and including) April 4, 2029 and
ending on (but excluding) April 4, 2049, 4.873%; and (ii) each Reset Period which falls on or after April 4, 2049, 5.623%;

      “Reset Reference Bank Rate” means the percentage rate determined by the Agent Bank on the basis of the 5 year Swap Rate
Quotations provided by five leading swap dealers in the interbank market (the “Reset Reference Banks”) to the Agent Bank at
approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on such Reset Interest Determination Date and, rounded, if necessary, to the nearest
0.001% (0.0005% being rounded upwards). If at least four quotations are provided, the 5 year Swap Rate will be the rounded arithmetic
mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in
the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two or three quotations are provided, the 5 year Swap Rate will be the rounded arithmetic
mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation is provided, the 5 year Swap Rate will be the rounded quotation provided. If no
quotations are provided, the 5 year Swap Rate for the relevant period will be (i) in the case of each Reset Period other than the Reset
Period commencing on the First Reset Date, the 5 year Swap Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or (ii) in the case
of the Reset Period commencing on the First Reset Date, equal to the last available 5 year mid swap rate for U.S. dollar swap transactions,
expressed as a rate, on the Reset Screen Page; and

      “U.S. Government Securities Business Days” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in U.S. government securities.

     The Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate shall be determined as provided above in respect of each Reset Period and, as so determined,
such rate shall apply to each Interest Period falling within that Reset Period.

     For the purposes of this section, the Agent Bank shall not be responsible to the Issuer or to any third party as a result of the Agent
Bank having relied upon or acted on any quotation or information given to it for the purposes of calculating the Subsequent Fixed Interest
Rate or the Reset Reference Bank Rate which subsequently may be found to be incorrect or inaccurate in any way or for any losses
whatsoever resulting from acting in accordance therewith.


Determination of Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates
      The Agent Bank will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Reset Interest Determination Date,
determine the Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period falling within the relevant Reset Period, provided that it
receives the Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and Adjustment Spread, if applicable, at least five (5) Business Days prior to the applicable
Reset Interest Determination Date.


Publication of Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates
      The Company will cause notice of each Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate determined in accordance the provisions set forth under
“Interest Payments” in respect of each relevant Interest Period to be given to the Trustee, the Holders, the Paying Agents and any stock
exchange on which the 2079 Capital Securities are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, in each case as soon as practicable after
its determination but in any event not later than the fourth Business Day thereafter.


Agent Bank and Reset Reference Banks
     With effect from the First Reset Date, the Issuer will maintain an Agent Bank and five Reset Reference Banks (to the extent required)
where the Interest Rate is to be calculated by reference to them.

      The Company may from time to time replace the Agent Bank with another leading financial institution in New York, NY. If the Agent
Bank is unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine a Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate in respect of
any Interest Period as provided in “—Interest Payments—Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates”, the Company will forthwith appoint another
leading financial institution in New York, NY. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a successor having been
appointed as aforesaid.
Determinations of Agent Bank Binding
      All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for
the purposes of the provisions set forth under “Interest Payments” by the Agent Bank shall (in the absence of willful default, manifest error
or negligence) be binding on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and all Holders and (in the absence as aforesaid)
no liability to the Holders or the Company will attach to the Agent Bank in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its
powers, duties and discretions.


Step-up after Change of Control Event
     Notwithstanding any other provision set forth under “Interest Payments”, if the Issuer does not elect to redeem the 2079 Capital
Securities in accordance with the provisions set forth under”—Redemption—Redemption for Change of Control Event” following the
occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the then prevailing Interest Rate, and each subsequent Interest Rate otherwise determined in
accordance with the provisions of set forth under “Interest Payments” (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with the
provisions of “—Interest Payments—Benchmark Event” in the 2079 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement), on the 2079 Capital
Securities shall be increased by 5% per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of Control Event occurred.


Benchmark Event
     (i) Independent Adviser
      If a Benchmark Event occurs when any Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by
reference to the Original Reference Rate, then the Company will use reasonable efforts to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (if any)
and any Benchmark Amendments, all in accordance with the provisions set forth under “Benchmark Amendments” below.
       An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this section shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an
expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of willful default, negligence or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, or the Holders for any determination made by it, pursuant to this section.
      If (i) the Company is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by the Company fails to
determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this sub- section prior to the Reset Interest
Determination Date in respect of a Reset Period, the relevant 5 year Swap Rate applicable to each Interest Period ending during that Reset
Period shall be equal to the 5 year Swap Rate in respect of the immediately preceding Reset Period or, in the case of the Reset Period
commencing on the First Reset Date, equal to the last available 5 year mid swap rate for U.S. dollar swap transactions, expressed as a rate,
on the Reset Screen Page. If a higher interest rate pursuant to the interest step-up after a Change of Control Event applies, the Subsequent
Fixed Interest Rate determined in accordance with this sub-section shall be increased pursuant to such interest step-up. For the avoidance
of doubt, the provisions under this sub-section shall apply to all payments of interest on the 2079 Capital Securities from the end of the
then current Reset Period onwards only, and the interest payable on the 2079 Capital Securities during subsequent Reset Periods are
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this sub-section.
     (ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
     If the Independent Adviser determines that:

     (A)      there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to any Adjustment Spread as set forth below) subsequently
              be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate (or the relevant component
              part thereof) for all payments of interest on the 2079 Capital Securities from the end of the then current Reset Period onwards
              (subject to the operation of this section); or
     (B)      there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall (subject to any Adjustment
              Spread as set forth below) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Subsequent Fixed
              Interest Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 2079 Capital Securities from
              the end of the then current Reset Period onwards (subject to the operation of this section).

     (iii) Adjustment Spread
     If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative
Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

     (iv) Benchmark Amendments
      If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this section and the Independent
Adviser, determines (i) that amendments to the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the
Benchmark Amendments, then the Company will, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with the provisions set forth below under
“Notices, etc.”, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders, vary the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities to give
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.

      At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee of an Officer’s Certificate pursuant to the provisions set forth below
under “Notices, etc.”, the Trustee shall (at the expense of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders,
be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments or Adjustment Spread (including, inter alia, by the execution
of a supplemental indenture if required or amendment to the Calculation Agreement), provided that neither the Trustee nor the Agent Bank
shall be obliged so to concur if in the opinion of the Trustee or the Agent Bank doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or
expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee or the
Agent Bank in the terms of 2079 Capital Securities or the indenture (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental indenture) or
the Calculation Agreement in any way.

     In connection with any such variation in accordance with this provision, the Company will comply with the rules of any stock
exchange on which the 2079 Capital Securities are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

     Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate will be adopted, nor any Adjustment
Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could
reasonably be expected to cause a Capital Event to occur.

     (v) Notices, etc.
      Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under
this section will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agents and the Holders (in accordance with
the notice provisions under the indenture). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark
Amendments, if any.

     No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate:

     (A)      confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (2) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and,
              (3) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as
              determined in accordance with the provisions of this section; and

     (B)      certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative
              Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.
      The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in
the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any)
and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agent Bank, the Paying Agents and the Holders.


     (vi) Survival of Original Reference Rate
      Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this section, the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided
for under “—Interest Payments—Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates” will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has
occurred.


     (vii) Definitions:
     As used in this section:
      “Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a
spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser, determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the
case may be) to Holders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as
the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

       (i)       in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with
                 the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or

       (ii)      if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, is what the Independent Adviser
                 determines is recognized or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which
                 reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as
                 the case may be); or

       (iii)     if the Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognized or acknowledged, is what the Independent Adviser
                 determines to be appropriate;

      “Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with the
provisions set forth in “—Interest Payments—Benchmark Event—Successor Rate or Alternative Rate” is customary in market usage in the
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in U.S. dollars;

    “Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it under “—Interest Payments—Benchmark Event— Benchmark
Amendments”;

     “Benchmark Event” means:

     (i)       the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 10 Business Days or ceasing to exist; or

     (ii)      a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date within the following six
               months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor
               administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or

     (iii)     a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has
               been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
     (iv)    a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence of which the
             Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the 2079 Capital Securities, in
             each case within the following six months; or

     (v)     it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Agent Bank or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any
             Holder using the Original Reference Rate;

     “Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an independent financial adviser with
appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer;

     “Original Reference Rate” means the 5 year Swap Rate;

     “Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

     (i)     the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other
             supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or

     (ii)    any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for
             the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority
             which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the
             aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

     “Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any
Relevant Nominating Body.


Redemption
Redemption for Certain Taxation Reasons
      The optional tax redemption provisions of the indenture (Section 1108), as described in the accompanying prospectus under the
caption “Description of Debt Securities We May Offer—Optional Tax Redemption,” shall not apply to the 2079 Capital Securities.

       If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is
continuing, then the Company may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal
Paying Agent and the Holders in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable) and
subject to the conditions set forth under “—Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and
Substitution and Variation”, redeem in accordance with such conditions at any time all, but not less than all, of the 2079 Capital Securities
at (i) 101% of their principal amount (in the case of a Tax Event where such redemption occurs prior to the First Call Date) or (ii) at 100%
of their principal amount (in the case of a Tax Event where such redemption occurs on or after the First Call Date or in the case of a
Withholding Tax Event where such redemption occurs at any time), together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the 2079
Capital Securities.


Redemption for Rating Reasons
       If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Company
may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Holders in
accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions set forth
under “—Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”, redeem in
accordance with such conditions all, but not less than all, of the 2079 Capital Securities at any time at (i) 101% of their principal amount
(where such redemption occurs prior to the First Call Date) or (ii) 100% of their principal amount (where such redemption occurs on or
after the First Call Date), together, in each case, with any accrued and
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the
Company will redeem the 2079 Capital Securities.


Redemption for Accounting Reasons
      If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has occurred and is continuing, then the
Company may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the
Holders in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions
set forth under “—Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”,
redeem in accordance with such conditions all, but not less than all, of the 2079 Capital Securities at any time at (i) 101% of their principal
amount (where such redemption occurs prior to the First Call Date) or (ii) 100% of their principal amount (where such redemption occurs
on or after the First Call Date), together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and
any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the 2079 Capital Securities.


Redemption for Change of Control Event
      If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Change of Control Event has occurred and is continuing, then the
Company may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the
Holders in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions
set forth under “—Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”,
redeem in accordance with such conditions all, but not less than all, of the 2079 Capital Securities at any time at 101% of their principal
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the 2079 Capital Securities.

      The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Event or Change of Control or any event which could
lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control Event or Change of Control has occurred, and until it shall receive an
Officer’s Certificate pursuant to the indenture to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Event or Change of
Control or other such event has occurred.

      The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal or contractual obligation) that for so long as the 2079 Capital Securities remain
outstanding, if a Change of Control Event occurs, it will launch a tender offer for all outstanding unsubordinated debt securities (which do
not already contain a contractual right of the holders of such debt securities for such securities to be redeemed or repurchased as a result of
the events giving rise to the Change of Control Event) at a price equal to not less than their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and
unpaid interest as soon as reasonably practicable following such event.

Substitution or Variation
      If an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event (each a “Substitution or Variation Event”) has
occurred and is continuing, then the Company may, as an alternative to redemption, subject to the conditions set forth under “—
Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation” (without any
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders) and subject to the Trustee, immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to
herein, having received an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (each as defined in the indenture), each stating to the effect that
the provisions of this section have been complied with, and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee, the
Principal Paying Agent and the Holders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either (i) substitute all, but not less than all, of the
2079 Capital Securities for, or (ii) vary the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities with the effect that they remain or become (as the case may
be), Qualifying Securities, and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this section and subject to the receipt by it of the
Officer’s Certificate referred to below) agree to such substitution or variation.
     Upon expiry of such notice, the Company will either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, substitute the 2079 Capital Securities in
accordance with this section.

      The Trustee agrees, at the expense of the Issuer, to use reasonable, non-discretionary and ministerial efforts to assist the Issuer in the
substitution of the Qualifying Securities for the 2079 Capital Securities, or the variation of the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities so that
they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to participate in, or assist with,
any such substitution or variation if the terms of the proposed Qualifying Securities or the participation in or assistance with such
substitution or variation would impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to liabilities or reduce its
protections. If the Trustee does not participate or assist as provided above, the Company may redeem the 2079 Capital Securities as
provided in “—Redemption”.

     In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this section, the Company will comply with the rules of any stock
exchange on which the 2079 Capital Securities are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

     Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a Substitution or Variation Event shall only
be permitted if it does not give rise to any other Substitution or Variation Event with respect to the Qualifying Securities.

      Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a Substitution or Variation Event shall only
be permitted if it does not result in the Qualifying Securities no longer being eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, “equity credit”
(or such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics
of an ordinary share) as is attributed to the 2079 Capital Securities on the date notice is given to Holders of the substitution or variation.

     “Qualifying Securities” means securities that:
     (a) are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer with a guarantee of such
obligations by the Issuer;
      (b) rank and (save in the case of a direct issue by the Issuer) benefit from a guarantee that ranks in relation to the obligations of the
Issuer under such securities and/or such guarantee (as the case may be), equally with the ranking of the 2079 Capital Securities and pari
passu in a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer with any Parity Obligations of the Issuer;
      (c) contain terms not materially less favorable to Holders than the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities (as reasonably determined by
the Issuer (in consultation with an independent investment bank or counsel of international standing)) and which:

     (i)     provide for the same or a more favorable Interest Rate from time to time as applied to the 2079 Capital Securities immediately
             prior to such substitution or variation and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates;

     (iii)   preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to principal and as to
             redemption of the 2079 Capital Securities, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such
             redemption;

     (iv)    preserve any existing rights under the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities to any accrued interest, any Deferred Interest
             Payments, any Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable under the 2079 Capital Securities which, in each case, has
             accrued to Holders and not been paid;

     (v)     do not contain terms providing for the mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or principal;

     (vi)    do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares; and
     (vii)   are (i) listed on the New York Stock Exchange, (ii) listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the London Stock
             Exchange plc’s Regulated Market or (iii) admitted to trading on a Multilateral Trading Facility operated by an internationally
             recognized stock exchange that is regulated in the European Economic Area as selected by the Issuer.

For the purposes of the definition of Qualifying Securities:
      “Multilateral Trading Facility” has the same meaning as in Article 4.1.22 of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) of the European
Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 on markets in financial instruments; and

     “Official List” means the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority acting under Part VI of the Financial Services and Markets
Act 2000.

Subordination
General
     In the event of:

     (i)     an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any such case, a
             solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganization, reconstruction, amalgamation or the substitution in place of the
             Issuer of a “successor in business” of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganization, reconstruction, amalgamation or
             substitution do not provide that the 2079 Capital Securities shall thereby become redeemable or repayable in accordance with
             the terms of the 2079 Capital Securities); or

     (ii)    an administrator of the Issuer being appointed and such administrator giving notice that it intends to declare and distribute a
             dividend,

      (each, an “Additional Enforcement Event”), there shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of each Security (in lieu of any other
payment by the Issuer), such amount, if any, as would have been payable to the Holder of such Security if, on the day prior to the
commencement of the winding-up or such administration, as the case may be, and thereafter, such Holder were the holder of one of a class
of preference shares in the capital of the Issuer (“Notional Preference Shares”) having an equal right to a return of assets in the winding-up
or such administration, as the case may be, and so ranking pari passu with, the holders of Parity Obligations, but ranking junior to the
claims of holders of all Senior Obligations (except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of law), on the assumption that the
amount that such Holder was entitled to receive in respect of each Notional Preference Share on a return of assets in such winding-up or
such administration, as the case may be, were an amount equal to the principal amount of the relevant Security and any accrued and unpaid
interest and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.

     Nothing in this section “—Subordination—General” or “—Event of Default” shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs,
charges, expenses, indemnities, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or the Agents or the rights and remedies of the Trustee or the
Agents in respect thereof.

     Accordingly, and without prejudice to the rights of the Trustee or the Agents, the claims of Holders of all Senior Obligations will first
have to be satisfied in any winding-up or administration before the Holders may expect to obtain any recovery in respect of their 2079
Capital Securities, and prior thereto, Holders will have only limited ability to influence the conduct of such winding-up or administration.
See “Risk Factors—Risks related to the Securities—Limited Remedies”.


No Set-off, etc.
      Subject to applicable law, no Holder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off, compensation or retention in respect of any
amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the 2079 Capital Securities and each Holder shall, by
virtue of his holding of any Security, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off, compensation or retention.
Definitions
     As used in the “Description of Securities”, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

      “Accounting Event” shall be deemed to occur if, as a result of a change in accounting principles which becomes effective on or after
the Issue Date, but not otherwise, the obligations of the Issuer under the 2079 Capital Securities must not or may no longer be recorded as
a “financial liability” in the next following audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in accordance with IFRS
or any other accounting standards that the Issuer may adopt in the future for the preparation of its audited annual consolidated financial
statements in accordance with United Kingdom company law;

     “Agent Bank” is the agent bank that entered into the Calculation Agreement with the Issuer, which will initially be The Bank of New
York Mellon, London Branch;

     “Agents” means the Agent Bank and the Paying Agent or any of them;

     “Additional Enforcement Event” has the meaning given to it under “—Subordination”;

     “Arrears of Interest” has the meaning given to it under “—Optional Interest Deferral—Deferral of Payments”;

    “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange
markets are open for general business in London and New York City;

    “Calculation Agreement” means the Calculation Agent Agreement dated April 4, 2019, entered into by the Issuer and the Bank of
New York Mellon, London Branch;

     “Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it under “—Interest Payments—Interest Accrual”;

      “Capital Event” shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer has received, and confirmed in writing to the Trustee that it has so received,
confirmation from any Rating Agency then providing a solicited rating of the Issuer or the 2079 Capital Securities at the invitation of, or
with the consent of, the Issuer and in connection with which the 2079 Capital Securities are assigned an equity credit, either directly or via
a publication by such Rating Agency, that an amendment, clarification or change has occurred in its equity credit criteria which becomes
effective on or after the Issue Date (or, if later, effective after the date on which the 2079 Capital Securities are assigned “equity credit” by
such Rating Agency for the first time) and as a result of which, but not otherwise, the 2079 Capital Securities will no longer be eligible for
the same, or a higher amount of, “equity credit” (or such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to
which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary share) as was attributed to the 2079 Capital Securities at the Issue Date (or
if “equity credit” is not assigned to the 2079 Capital Securities by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which
“equity credit” is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time);

      “Change of Control” means the occurrence of an event whereby any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the City
Code on Takeovers and Mergers), other than a holding company (as defined in Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended)
whose shareholders are or are to be substantially similar to the preexisting shareholders of the Issuer, shall become interested (within the
meaning of Part 22 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended) in (A) more than 50% of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the
Issuer or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50% of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the
Issuer; provided that, no Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if the event would otherwise have constituted a Change of Control
occurs or is carried out for the purposes of a reorganizations on terms previously approved by the Holders of at least 75% in principal
amount of the 2079 Capital Securities then outstanding;

     “Change of Control Event” shall be deemed to occur if:

     (a)      a Change of Control occurs; and
     (b)    any of the Issuer’s Senior Unsecured Obligations carry:

            (A) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3 BBB–, or their respective equivalents, or better) (an “Investment Grade
                Rating”), by any Relevant Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer; or

            (B) (where there is no credit rating from any Relevant Rating Agency assigned at the invitation of the Issuer), an Investment
                Grade Rating by any Relevant Rating Agency of its own volition, and
                  (x) such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1
                  BB-, or their respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn and is not, within the
                  Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated
                  to an Investment Grade Rating by such Relevant Rating Agency;
                  (y) and there remains no other Investment Grade Rating of any of the Issuer’s Senior Unsecured Obligations from any
                  other Relevant Rating Agency; and

     (c)    in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw an Investment Grade Rating pursuant to paragraph (b) above, such Relevant
            Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such decision(s) resulted, in whole
            or in part, from the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control.

     Further, if at the time of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control the Issuer’s Senior Unsecured Obligations are not assigned
an Investment Grade Rating by any Relevant Rating Agency, a Change of Control Event will be deemed to occur upon the occurrence of a
Change of Control alone.

      If the rating designations employed by either Moody’s or S&P are changed from those which are described in paragraph (b) of the
definition of “Change of Control Event” above, or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Relevant Rating Agency, the Issuer shall
determine the rating designations of Moody’s or S&P or such Substitute Relevant Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to
the prior rating designations of Moody’s or S&P and the definition of “Change of Control Event” shall be construed accordingly;

      “Change of Control Period” means the period commencing upon a Change of Control and ending 90 days after the Change of Control
(or such longer period for which the Senior Unsecured Obligations are under consideration (such consideration having been announced
publicly within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public
announcement of such consideration);

     “Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event” shall have occurred if:

      (a)      a dividend (either interim or final), other distribution or payment was validly resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect
               of (i) ordinary shares of the Issuer, (ii) any obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the
               ordinary shares of the Issuer or (iii) any obligations of any Subsidiaries of the Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support
               agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, pari passu with the ordinary shares of the Issuer,
               except where (x) such dividend, other distribution or payment was required to be resolved on, declared, paid or made
               exclusively in ordinary shares of the Issuer or in respect of any share option, or any free share allocation plan in each case
               reserved for directors, officers and/or employees of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or any associated liquidity agreements
               or any associated hedging transactions or (y) the Issuer is obliged under the terms of such securities or by mandatory
               operation of law to make such dividend, distribution or other payment; or

      (b)      a dividend (either interim or final), other distribution or payment was validly resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect
               of any Parity Obligations of the Issuer, except where such dividend, distribution or payment was required to be declared,
               paid or made under the terms of such Parity Obligations of the Issuer or by mandatory operation of law; or
     (c)     the Issuer has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired (i) any ordinary shares of the Issuer, (ii) any obligations of the
             Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the ordinary shares of the Issuer or (iii) any obligations of any
             Subsidiaries of the Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is
             expressed to rank, pari passu with the ordinary shares of the Issuer, except where (v) such repurchase or acquisition was
             undertaken in respect of any share option, or any free share allocation plan in each case reserved for directors, officers and/or
             employees of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or any associated liquidity agreements or any associated hedging transactions,
             (w) the Issuer is obliged under the terms of such securities or by mandatory operation of law to make such repurchase or
             acquisition or (x) such repurchase or acquisition was made by or on behalf of the Issuer as part of an intra-day transaction that
             does not result in an increase in the aggregate number of ordinary shares held by or on behalf of the Issuer as treasury shares at
             8:30 a.m. London time on the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Arrears of Interest were first deferred, (y) such
             repurchase or acquisition results from hedging of any convertible securities issued by the Issuer or by any Subsidiary of the
             Issuer and guaranteed by the Issuer; or (z) such repurchase or acquisition results from the settlement of existing equity
             derivatives after the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Arrears of Interest were first deferred;

     (d)     the Issuer, or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Parity Obligations of the
             Issuer, except where (x) such redemption, repurchase or acquisition is effected as a public cash tender offer or public exchange
             offer at a purchase price per security which is below its par value or (y) the Issuer, or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, is obliged
             under the terms of such securities or by mandatory operation of law to make such redemption, repurchase or acquisition or
             (z) such acquisition results from the conversion of any convertible securities issued by the Issuer or issued by a Subsidiary of
             the Issuer with a guarantee from the Issuer;

     “Deferred Interest Payment” has the meaning given to it under “—Optional Interest Deferral—Deferral of Payments”;

     “First Fixed Interest Rate” has the meaning given to it under “—Interest Payments—First Fixed Interest Rate”;

     “First Call Date” means January 4, 2029;

     “First Reset Date” means April 4, 2029;

      “Interest Payment” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest payable on the 2079 Capital Securities for
the relevant Interest Period in accordance with “—Interest Payments”;

     “Interest Payment Date” means April 4 and October 4 in each year, commencing on (and including) October 4, 2019, subject to
adjustment as described under “—Interest Payments—Interest Rate”;

     “Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest
Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next
succeeding Interest Payment Date;

     “Interest Rate” means the First Fixed Interest Rate and/or each Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate, as the case may be;

     “Issue Date” has the meaning given to it under “—Interest Payments—Interest Rate”;

      “Junior Obligations” means any shares in the capital of the Issuer (except for preference shares in the capital of the Issuer (if any)) or
any other securities or obligations issued or owed by the Issuer (including guarantees or indemnities or support arrangements given by the
Issuer in respect of securities or obligations owed by other persons) which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 2079 Capital
Securities or to the most junior class of preference shares in the capital of the Issuer;

     “Mandatory Settlement Date” means the earlier of:
     (a)     the date on which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs;

     (b)     the next scheduled Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays interest on the 2079 Capital Securities; or

     (c)     the date on which the 2079 Capital Securities are redeemed or repaid in accordance with “— Subordination”, “—
             Redemption” or “—Event of Default”;

     “Maturity Date” means April 4, 2079, subject to adjustment as described under “—Interest Payments—Interest Rate”;

      “Parity Obligations” means (if any) (i) the most junior class of preference share capital in the Issuer ranking ahead of the ordinary
shares in the capital of the Issuer and any other obligations of the Issuer, issued directly or indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to
rank, pari passu with the 2079 Capital Securities or such preference shares and (ii) any obligations of any Subsidiaries of the Issuer
benefiting from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, pari passu with the 2079
Capital Securities or such preference shares;

      For the avoidance of doubt, Parity Obligations include the Issuer’s £1,440,000,000 2.00% Subordinated Mandatory Convertible
Bonds due 2019 (ISIN: XS1371473601), the Issuer’s €2,000,000,000 Capital Securities due 2079 issued on or around October 3, 2018
(ISIN: XS1888179477), the Issuer’s €500,000,000 Capital Securities due 2078 issued on or around October 3, 2018 (ISIN:
XS1888179550), the Issuer’s £500,000,000 Capital Securities due 2078 issued on or around October 3, 2018 (ISIN: XS1888180996) and
the Issuer’s U.S.$ 1,300,000,000 Capital Securities due 2078 issued on October 3, 2018 (ISIN: XS1888180640).

     “Qualifying Securities” has the meaning given to it under “—Substitution or Variation”;

      “Rating Agency” means Fitch Ratings Ltd, Moody’s Investors Service Esparia S.A. (“Moody’s”) or Standard & Poor’s Credit Market
Services Europe Limited (“S&P”) or any of their respective affiliates or successors or any rating agency substituted for any of them by the
Issuer from time to time;

      “Relevant Date” means (i) in respect of any payment other than a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a winding-up or administration of
the Issuer, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable but, if the full amount of the moneys payable on such date has
not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such date, the Relevant Date means the date on which such
moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Holders, and (ii) in respect of a sum to be paid by
the Issuer in a winding-up or administration of the Issuer, the date which is one day prior to the date on which an order is made or a
resolution is passed for the winding-up or, in the case of an administration, one day prior to the date on which any dividend is distributed;
     “Relevant Rating Agency” means Moody’s or S&P or any of their respective affiliates or successors or any rating agency (a
“Substitute Relevant Rating Agency”) substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time;

     “Reset Date” means the First Reset Date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the First Reset Date;

     “Reset Period” means the period from one Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date;

     “Reset Reference Banks” means five major banks in the interbank market in London as selected by the Agent Bank, after
consultation with the Issuer;

     “Senior Obligations” means all obligations of the Issuer, issued directly or indirectly by it, other than Parity Obligations and Junior
Obligations;

     “Senior Unsecured Obligations” means any of the Issuer’s senior unsecured obligations;
      “Special Event” means any of an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event or any combination of
the foregoing;

     “Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate” has the meaning given to it under “—Interest Payments—Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates”;

     “Subsidiary” means a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006;

     “Substitution or Variation Event” has the meaning given to it under “—Substitution or Variation”;

     “successor in business” means, in relation to a company, any other company which:

     (a)    owns beneficially the whole or substantially whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by such company
            immediately prior thereto; and

     (b)    carries on, as successor to such company, the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by such company
            immediately prior thereto;

     “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change:

     (a)    in respect of, or as a result of, the Issuer’s obligation to make any Interest Payment on the next following Interest Payment
            Date, the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing its taxation liabilities in the United Kingdom or such
            entitlement is materially reduced or materially delayed (a “disallowance”);

     (b)    the 2079 Capital Securities are prevented from being treated as loan relationships for United Kingdom tax purposes; or

     (c)    in respect of the Issuer’s obligation to make any Interest Payment on the next following Interest Payment Date, where a
            deduction arises in respect of such Interest Payment the Issuer would not to any material extent be entitled to have such
            deduction set against the profits of companies with which it is grouped for applicable United Kingdom tax purposes (whether
            under the group relief system current as at the Issue Date or any similar system or systems having like effect as may from time
            to time exist) otherwise than as a result of a disallowance within (a),

      and, in each case, the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in connection with the 2079 Capital Securities by taking measures reasonably
available to it, provided measures reasonably available to the Issuer shall not include allocating a disallowance provided for in (a) above to
any other company or security;

      “Tax Law Change” means a change in or proposed change in, or amendment or proposed amendment to, the laws or regulations of
the United Kingdom or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, including any treaty to which
the United Kingdom is a party, or any change in the application of official or generally published interpretation of such laws or regulations,
including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that provides for a
position with respect to such laws or regulations or interpretation thereof that differs from the previously generally accepted position in
relation to similar transactions, which change or amendment becomes, or would become, effective on or after the Issue Date;

     “United Kingdom” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;

     “U.S. dollar”, “U.S.$” and “cent” mean the lawful currency of the United States of America; and

      a “Withholding Tax Event” shall be deemed to occur if as a result of a Tax Law Change, in making any payments on the 2079 Capital
Securities, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next Interest Payment Date be required to pay Additional Amounts on the 2079
Capital Securities and the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in connection with the 2079 Capital Securities by taking measures reasonably
available to it.
NC5.25 Capital Securities due 2081
     The following terms are applicable to the NC5.25 Capital Securities due 2081. Within this section, capitalized terms that are not
otherwise defined have the meaning given to them in the prospectus supplement dated June 1, 2021 (the “2081 Capital Securities
Prospectus Supplement”), to the base prospectus dated July 29, 2020 (File No. 333-240163), filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2) on June 2, 2021, which prospectus supplement is incorporated by reference herein.

      •     Title: NC5.25 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081.

      •     Total principal amount outstanding: $147,173,000.

      •     Issue date: June 4, 2021.

      •     Interest: The NC5.25 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the issue
            date to (but excluding) September 4, 2026 (the “First Reset Date”) at a rate of 3.250% per annum, payable semi-annually in
            arrears on March 4 and September 4 in each year, commencing on March 4, 2022. Thereafter, unless previously redeemed, the
            NC5.25 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 will bear interest from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding)
            September 4, 2031 at a rate per annum equal to the 5 year Treasury Rate (as defined in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus
            Supplement) for the relevant reset period plus the relevant Margin applicable to that reset period, payable semi-annually in
            arrears on March 4 and September 4 in each year. Thereafter, unless previously redeemed, the NC5.25 Capital Securities due
            4 June 2081 will bear interest from (and including) September 4, 2031 to (but excluding) September 4, 2046 at a rate per
            annum equal to the 5 year Treasury Rate for the relevant reset period plus the relevant Margin applicable to that reset period,
            payable semi-annually in arrears on March 4 and September 4 in each year. From (and including) September 4, 2046 up to
            (but excluding) June 4, 2081 (the “Maturity Date”), unless previously redeemed, the NC5.25 Capital Securities due 4 June
            2081 will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the 5 year Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period plus the Margin
            appliable to that Reset Period payable semi-annually in arrears on March 4 and September 4 in each year, and on the Maturity
            Date. See “Description of Securities—Interest Payments” in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement.

NC10 Capital Securities due 2081
     The following terms are applicable to the NC10 Capital Securities due 2081. Within this section, capitalized terms that are not
otherwise defined have the meaning given to them in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, which prospectus supplement is
incorporated by reference herein.

      •     Title: NC10 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081.

      •     Total principal amount outstanding: $1,000,000,000.

      •     Issue date: June 4, 2021.

      •     Interest: The NC10 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the issue
            date to (but excluding) September 4, 2026 (the “First Reset Date”) at a rate of 4.125% per annum, payable semi-annually in
            arrears on June 4 and December 4 in each year, commencing on December 4, 2021. Thereafter, unless previously redeemed,
            the NC10 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 will bear interest from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding)
            June 4, 2051 at a rate per annum equal to the 5 year Treasury Rate (as defined in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus
            Supplement) for the relevant reset period plus the relevant Margin applicable to that reset period, payable semi-annually in
            arrears on June 4 and December 4 in each year. From (and including) June 4, 2051 up to (but excluding) June 4, 2081 (the
            “Maturity Date”), unless previously redeemed, the NC10 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 will bear interest at a rate per
            annum equal to the 5 year Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period plus the Margin appliable to that Reset Period payable
            semi-annually in arrears on June 4 and December 4
            in each year, and on the Maturity Date. See “Description of Securities—Interest Payments” in the 2081 Capital Securities
            Prospectus Supplement.

NC30 Capital Securities due 2081
     The following terms are applicable to the NC30 Capital Securities due 2081. Within this section, capitalized terms that are not
otherwise defined have the meaning given to them in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, which prospectus supplement is
incorporated by reference herein.

       •    Title: NC30 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081.

       •    Total principal amount outstanding: $950,000,000.

       •    Issue date: June 4, 2021.

       •    Interest: The NC30 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 bear interest on their principal amount from (and including) the issue
            date to (but excluding) June 4, 2051 (the “First Reset Date”) at a rate of 5.125% per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears
            on June 4 and December 4 in each year, commencing on December 4, 2021. Thereafter, unless previously redeemed, the NC30
            Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 will bear interest from (and including) the First Reset Date to (but excluding) June 4, 2071
            at a rate per annum equal to the 5 year Treasury Rate (as defined in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement) for the
            relevant reset period plus the relevant Margin applicable to that reset period, payable semi-annually in arrears on June 4 and
            December 4 in each year. From (and including) June 4, 2071 up to (but excluding) June 4, 2081 (the “Maturity Date”), unless
            previously redeemed, the NC30 Capital Securities due 4 June 2081 will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the 5 year
            Treasury Rate for the relevant Reset Period plus the Margin appliable to that Reset Period payable semi-annually in arrears on
            June 4 and December 4 in each year, and on the Maturity Date. See “Description of Securities— Interest Payments” in the
            2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement.

Additional Terms Applicable to 2081 Capital Securities
The following terms are applicable to all 2081 Capital Securities.

       •    Maturity date: Unless previously redeemed, purchased, cancelled or substituted, the 2081 Capital Securities will mature on
            June 4, 2081, and holders will be entitled to receive 100% of the principal amount of the 2081 Capital Securities, together with
            any accrued and unpaid interest and any outstanding arrears of interest.

       •    Optional interest deferral: The Company may, at its discretion, elect to defer all or part of any Interest Payment (a “Deferred
            Interest Payment”) which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date by giving a Deferral Notice of such
            election to the holders of 2081 Capital Securities, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent. Other than in connection with a
            Mandatory Settlement, if the Company elects not to make all or part of any Interest Payment on an Interest Payment Date,
            then the Company will not have any obligation to pay such interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such
            non-payment of interest will not constitute an Event of Default of the Company or any other breach of its obligations under the
            2081 Capital Securities or for any other purpose.

       •    Ranking: The 2081 Capital Securities constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Company. The rights
            and claims of the holders will be subordinated to the claims of holders of all Senior Obligations in that if at any time an order
            is made, or an effective resolution is passed, for the winding-up of the Company (otherwise than for the purposes of a solvent
            winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganization, reconstruction, amalgamation or the substitution in place of the
            Company of a “successor in business” of the Company, the terms of which reorganization, reconstruction, amalgamation or
            substitution do not provide for a claim to be made in the winding-up or administration of the Company in respect of the 2081
            Capital Securities) or an administrator of the Company is appointed and such administrator gives notice that it intends to
            declare and distribute a dividend, the rights and claims of the holders will be
             subordinated in accordance with the provisions set forth under “Description of Securities-Subordination” in the 2081 Capital
             Securities Prospectus Supplement.

        •    The 2081 Capital Securities will be structurally subordinated to all obligations of the Company’s subsidiaries including claims
             with respect to trade payables..

        •    Mandatory Settlement: Notwithstanding the above and the provisions of “Optional Interest Deferral” in the 2081 Capital
             Securities Prospectus Supplement, the Company will pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest, in whole but not in part, on the
             first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first
             arose. A “Mandatory Settlement Date” as defined in the terms of the 2081 Capital Securities encompasses (i) dividends, other
             distributions or payments in respect of Parity Obligations and other events that constitute “Compulsory Arrears of Interest
             Settlement Events,” (ii) payments of interest on the 2081 Capital Securities on a scheduled Interest Payment Date following
             the Interest Payment Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose and (iii) the date of which the 2081 Capital
             Securities are redeemed or repaid in accordance with the conditions set forth under “Description of Securities—
             Subordination”, “Description of Securities—Redemption” or “Description of Securities— Event of Default” in the 2081
             Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement.

        •    Optional Redemption: The Company may redeem all, but not less than all, of the 2081 Capital Securities on any Business Day
             in the period commencing on any date from (and including) the First Call Date to (and including) the First Reset Date or on
             any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but
             excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest in respect of the 2081 Capital Securities.

        •    Make-whole redemption: The Company has the right to redeem all, but not some only, of any tranche of the 2081 Capital
             Securities then outstanding, on any Business Day falling prior to the relevant First Call Date at the a redemption price equal to
             the greater of (1) 100% of the principal amount outstanding of the relevant tranche plus accrued interest to the date of
             redemption and (2) as determined by the quotation agent, the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments
             of principal and interest on the relevant tranche and portion of such payments of interest accrued as of the date of redemption)
             discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) at the
             reference bond rate.

        •    Special Event Redemption: If a Capital Event, Tax Event, Accounting Event or Withholding Tax Event (any such, a “Special
             Event”) has occurred and is continuing, then the Company may redeem at any time all, but not less than all, of the 2081
             Capital Securities at:

              ○    in the case of a Capital Event, Tax Event or Accounting Event where the relevant date fixed for redemption falls prior to
                   the First Call Date, 101% of their principal amount;

              ○    in the case of a Capital Event, Tax Event or Accounting Event where the relevant date fixed for redemption falls on or
                   after the First Call Date, 100% of their principal amount; or

              ○    in the case of a Withholding Tax Event where any such redemption occurs at any time, 100% of their principal amount,
                            in each case together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any
                            outstanding Arrears of Interest in respect of the 2081 Capital Securities.

        •    Change of Control: If a Change of Control Event has occurred and is continuing, the Company may elect to redeem all, but
             not less than all, of the 2081 Capital Securities at any time at 101% of the principal amount of the 2081 Capital Securities,
             together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of
             Interest in respect of the 2081 Capital Securities. If the Company does not elect to redeem the 2081 Capital Securities
             following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the then prevailing Interest Rate, and each subsequent Interest Rate,
             on the 2081 Capital Securities shall be increased by 5% per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the
             Change of Control Event occurred.

    •       Substitution or variation instead of special event redemption: If an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a
            Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is continuing, without the consent of the holders
            than all, of the 2081 Capital Securities for, or (ii) vary the terms of the 2081 Capital Securities with the effect that they remain
            or become, as the case may be, Qualifying Securities, in each case in accordance with certain conditions and subject, inter alia,
            to the receipt by the Trustee of the Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel, each as defined in the Indenture.

       •    Event of Default: If a default is made by the Company for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or
            premium (if any) or 21 days or more in the payment of interest, in each case in respect of any tranche of the 2081 Capital
            Securities and which is due, then the Company shall, without notice from the Trustee, be deemed to be in default under the
            indenture and the relevant 2081 Capital Securities and the Trustee at its sole discretion may, or shall, if so requested in writing
            by the shareholders of at least 25% in principal amount of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities then outstanding, subject in
            each case to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, institute proceedings for the winding- up
            of the Company and/or prove and/or claim in the winding-up or liquidation of the Company, such claim being subordinated,
            and for the amount as provided in “Description of Securities—Subordination— General” in the 2081 Capital Securities
            Prospectus Supplement.

       •    Payment of additional amounts: The Company intends to make all payments on the Notes without deducting United Kingdom
            (“U.K.”) withholding taxes. If any deduction is required on payments to non- U.K. investors, the Company will pay additional
            amounts on those payments to the extent described under “Description of Debt Securities We May Offer—Payment of
            Additional Amounts” in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement..

Further Terms, Mechanics Exchange and Transfer applicable to 2081 Capital Securities
Interest Payments
Interest Rate
     Each tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities bears interest on its principal amount at the applicable Interest Rate from (and including)
June 4, 2021 (the “Issue Date”) in accordance with the provisions of this “-Interest Payments”.

      Subject to conditions set forth under “-Optional Interest Deferral”, interest shall be payable on the 2081 Capital Securities
semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that if any Interest Payment Date, other than the Maturity Date, would
fall on a day that is not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next succeeding Business Day (without the
accrual of any additional interest for such period), except that if that Business Day falls in the next succeeding calendar month, the Interest
Payment Date will be the immediately preceding Business Day. If the Maturity Date falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the payment
of principal and interest will be postponed to the next Business Day and no interest will accrue as a result of that postponement (see “-
General” above).


Interest Accrual
      The 2081 Capital Securities will cease to bear interest from (and including) the date of redemption thereof pursuant to the provisions
set forth under “-Redemption” or the date of substitution thereof pursuant to “- Substitution or Variation”, as the case may be, unless, upon
due presentation, payment of all amounts due in respect of the 2081 Capital Securities is not made, in which event interest shall continue to
accrue in respect of unpaid amounts on the 2081 Capital Securities, both before and after judgment, and shall be payable, up to (but
excluding) the Relevant Date (as defined in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement).

      Except as provided in “-Interest Payments-First Fixed Interest Rate” in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, where it
is necessary to calculate an amount of interest in respect of any Security for a period which is less than or equal to a complete Interest
Period, such interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each and, in the case of an
incomplete month, the number of days elapsed.
      Where it is necessary to calculate an amount of interest in respect of any Security for a period of more than one Interest Period, such
interest shall be the aggregate of the interest payable in respect of a full Interest Period plus the interest payable in respect of the remaining
period calculated in the manner as aforesaid.

      Interest in respect of any Security shall be calculated per U.S.$1,000 in principal amount thereof (the “Calculation Amount”). The
amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for any period shall, except as provided in “-Interest Payments-First Fixed Interest
Rate” in the 2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, be equal to the product of the relevant Interest Rate, the Calculation Amount
and the day count fraction as described in this sub-section for the relevant period, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest cent (half a
cent being rounded upwards). The amount of interest payable in respect of each Security shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined
in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the denomination of such Security without any further rounding.


First Fixed Interest Rate
      For each Interest Period ending prior to the First Tranche 1 Reset Date, the Tranche 1 Securities bear interest, subject to “-Optional
Interest Deferral”, at the rate of 3.250% per annum (the “First Tranche 1 Fixed Interest Rate”), payable semi-annually in arrears on the
related Interest Payment Dates. Subject to “-Optional Interest Deferral”, the Interest Payment in respect of each Interest Period
commencing before the First Tranche 1 Reset Date will amount to U.S.$16.25 per Calculation Amount.

      For each Interest Period ending prior to the First Tranche 2 Reset Date, the Tranche 2 Securities bear interest, subject to “-Optional
Interest Deferral”, at the rate of 4.125% per annum (the “First Tranche 2 Fixed Interest Rate”), payable semi-annually in arrears on the
related Interest Payment Dates. Subject to “-Optional Interest Deferral”, the Interest Payment in respect of each Interest Period
commencing before the First Tranche 2 Reset Date will amount to U.S.$20.63 per Calculation Amount.

      For each Interest Period ending prior to the First Tranche 3 Reset Date, the Tranche 3 Securities bear interest, subject to “-Optional
Interest Deferral”, at the rate of 5.125% per annum (the “First Tranche 3 Fixed Interest Rate”), payable semi-annually in arrears on the
related Interest Payment Dates. Subject to “-Optional Interest Deferral”, the Interest Payment in respect of each Interest Period
commencing before the First Tranche 3 Reset Date will amount to U.S.$25.63 per Calculation Amount.

     The “First Fixed Interest Rate” means the First Tranche 1 Fixed Interest Rate, the First Tranche 2 Fixed Interest Rate or the First
Tranche 3 Fixed Interest Rate, as applicable.


Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates
      For each Interest Period which commences on or after the relevant First Reset Date, the 2081 Capital Securities bear interest, subject
to “-Optional Interest Deferral”, at the Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate determined on the Reset Interest Determination Date in respect of
the Reset Period in which that Interest Period falls. Such interest shall be payable semi-annually in arrears on the related Interest Payment
Dates until (and including) the relevant Maturity Date and, subject to “-Interest Payments-Step-up after Change of Control Event” in the
2081 Capital Securities Prospectus Supplement, the “Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate” shall be the sum as determined by the Agent Bank,
of the relevant Five-Year Treasury Rate plus the Margin applicable to that Reset Period, where:

      “Five-Year Treasury Rate” means, as of any Reset Interest Determination Date, the average of the yields on actively traded U.S.
treasury securities adjusted to constant maturity, for five-year maturities, for the most recent five business days appearing under the caption
“Treasury Constant Maturities” in the most recent H.15.

      If the Issuer, in its sole discretion, determines that the Five-Year Treasury Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the method
described above, the Issuer may use reasonable efforts to designate an unaffiliated agent or advisor, which may include an unaffiliated
underwriter for the offering of the 2081 Capital Securities or any affiliate of any such underwriter (the “Designee”), to determine whether
there is an industry-accepted successor rate to the Five- Year Treasury Rate. If the Designee determines that there is such an industry-
accepted successor rate to the Five- Year Treasury Rate, then the Five-Year Treasury Rate shall be such successor rate and, in that case, the
Designee
used and any other relevant methodology for calculating such substitute or successor base rate, including any adjustment factor needed to
make such substitute or successor base rate comparable to the Five- Year Treasury Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry
accepted practices for such substitute or successor base rate. No such adjustment shall affect the Trustee’s or the Agent Bank’s own rights,
duties or immunities under the indenture, the calculation agent agreement or otherwise.

      If the Five-Year Treasury Rate cannot be determined pursuant to the methods described in the paragraphs above, the rate will be
equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate for the last preceding Reset Period (or, in the case of the first Reset Period, the rate equal to 0.803%
per annum in the case of the Tranche 1 Securities, 1.608% per annum in the case of the Tranche 2 Securities and 2.302% per annum in the
case of the Tranche 3 Securities).

      “H.15” means the daily statistical release designated as such, or any successor publication as determined by the Issuer in its sole
discretion, published by the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, and “most recent H.15” means the H.15
published closest in time but prior to the close of business on the Reset Interest Determination Date.

As used in this section:
     “Margin” means: (a) in respect of the Tranche 1 Securities: (i) for each Reset Period which falls in the period commencing on (and
including) September 4, 2026 and ending on (but excluding) September 4, 2031, 244.7 bps; (ii) for each Reset Period which falls in the
period commencing on (and including) September 4, 2031 and ending on (but excluding) September 4, 2046, 269.7 bps; and (iii) for each
Reset Period which falls on or after September 4, 2046, 344.7 bps; (b) in respect of the Tranche 2 Securities: (i) for each Reset Period
which falls in the period commencing on (and including) June 4, 2031 and ending on (but excluding) June 4, 2051, 276.7 bps; and (ii) for
each Reset Period which falls on or after June 4, 2051, 351.7 bps; and (c) in respect of the Tranche 3 Securities: (i) for each Reset Period
which falls in the period commencing on (and including) June 4, 2051 and ending on (but excluding) June 4, 2071, 307.3 bps; and (ii) for
each Reset Period which falls on or after June 4, 2071, 382.3 bps; “Reset Interest Determination Date” means the day falling two U.S.
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Reset Period.

      “U.S. Government Securities Business Days” means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes
of trading in U.S. government securities.

      The Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate shall be determined as provided above in respect of each relevant Reset Period, provided that the
Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate shall never be lower than 0% (zero), and, as so determined, such rate shall apply to each Interest Period
falling within that Reset Period.

     For the purposes of this section, the Agent Bank shall not be responsible to the Issuer or to any third party as a result of the Agent
Bank having relied upon or acted on any quotation or information given to it for the purposes of calculating the Subsequent Fixed Interest
Rate which subsequently may be found to be incorrect or inaccurate in any way or for any losses whatsoever resulting from acting in
accordance therewith.

Determination of Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates
      The Agent Bank will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (New York City time) on each Reset Interest Determination Date,
determine the Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period falling within the relevant Reset Period and promptly notify
the Issuer.

Publication of Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates
      The Company will cause notice of each Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate determined in accordance the provisions set forth under
“Interest Payments” in respect of each relevant Interest Period to be given to the Trustee, the Holders, the Paying Agents and any stock
exchange on which the 2081 Capital Securities are for the time being listed or admitted to trading, in each case as soon as practicable after
its determination but in any event not later than the fourth Business Day thereafter.
Agent Bank
     With effect from the relevant First Reset Date, the Issuer will maintain an Agent Bank which will calculate the relevant Interest Rate.

     The Company may from time to time replace the Agent Bank with another leading financial institution in New York, New York. If
the Agent Bank is unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine a Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate in
respect of any Interest Period as provided in “-Interest Payments- Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates”, the Company will forthwith appoint
another leading financial institution in New York, New York. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a successor
having been appointed as aforesaid.

Determinations of Agent Bank Binding
      All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for
the purposes of the provisions set forth under “-Interest Payments” by the Agent Bank shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding
on the Issuer, the Agent Bank, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and all Holders and no liability to the Holders, the Company or the Trustee
will attach to the Agent Bank in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of any of its powers, duties and discretions; provided
that none of the Trustee, the Agent Bank or any Paying Agent shall have any responsibility to determine whether any manifest error has
occurred and, in the absence of notice from us, may conclusively assume that no manifest error has occurred and shall suffer no liability in
so assuming.

Step-up after Change of Control Event
     Notwithstanding any other provision set forth under “-Interest Payments”, if the Issuer does not elect to redeem any tranche of the
2081 Capital Securities in accordance with the provisions set forth under “-Redemption-

      Redemption for Change of Control Event” following the occurrence of a Change of Control Event, the then prevailing Interest Rate,
and each subsequent Interest Rate otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions set forth under “Interest Payments”, on the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities shall be increased by 5% per annum with effect from (and including) the date on which the Change of
Control Event occurred.

      Without prejudice to the Company’s right to redeem any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities in accordance with the provision set
forth under “-Redemption-Redemption for Change of Control Event” following the occurrence of any Change of Control Event, the
provision set forth under this “-Interest Payments-Step-up after Change of Control Event” shall only apply in relation to the first Change of
Control Event to occur while any relevant 2081 Capital Securities remain outstanding.


Redemption
Make Whole Redemption by Company
      The Issuer may, by giving not less than 10 but not more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and,
in accordance with the notice provisions of the indenture, the Holders of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities (which notice shall be
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the “Make Whole Redemption Date”)), redeem all, but not some only, of the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities then outstanding on any Business Day falling prior to the First Call Date at the Make Whole Redemption
Amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the Make Whole Redemption Date and any outstanding
Arrears of Interest. No later than the Business Day immediately following the Reference Date, the Determination Agent shall notify the
Issuer, the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Reference Bond Rate and (if applicable)
the details of any Similar Security. The Issuer will promptly thereafter notify, in accordance with the notice provisions of the indenture, the
Holders of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities of the Make Whole Redemption Amount, the Reference Bond Rate and (if
applicable) the details of any Similar Security. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the relevant tranche of the 2081
Capital Securities.
out below:
      “Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing selected by (and at the expense of)
the Issuer for the purposes of the calculating the Make Whole Redemption Amount and, if applicable, selecting a Similar Security;

      “Make Whole Redemption Amount” means an amount in U.S. dollars equal to the higher of: (x) 100% of the principal amount
outstanding of the tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities to be redeemed and (y) the sum of the present values of the principal amount
outstanding of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities and the Remaining Term Interest on the relevant 2081 Capital Securities (exclusive of
any outstanding Arrears of Interest and any interest accruing on the principal amount of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities from, and
including, the last Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Issue Date, immediately preceding the Make Whole Redemption Date
to, but excluding, the Make Whole Redemption Date) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts to such
Make Whole Redemption Date, on a semi-annual basis (assuming a day count fraction as described under “-Interest Payments-Interest
Accrual”) at a per annum rate equal to the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination
Agent;

     “Quotation Time” means 11.00 a.m. (New York City time);

      “Redemption Margin” means, in respect of the Tranche 1 Securities, 0.40% per annum, in respect of the Tranche 2 Securities, 0.40%
per annum, and, in respect of the Tranche 3 Securities, 0.45% per annum;

     “Reference Bond” means, in respect of the Tranche 1 Securities, U.S. Treasury 0.750% due May 2026 (ISIN: US91282CCF68), in
respect of the Tranche 2 Securities, U.S. Treasury 1.625% due May 2031 (ISIN: US91282CCB54) and, in respect of the Tranche 3
Securities, U.S. Treasury 1.875% due February 2051 (ISIN: US912810SU34). In any such case if such security is no longer outstanding, a
Similar Security chosen by the Determination Agent and notified to the Issuer;

     “Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to the Make Whole Redemption Date, (a) the arithmetic average of the Reference
Government Bond Dealer Quotations for the Make Whole Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference
Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;

     “Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to the Make Whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum equal to the annual or semi-
annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond,
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such
Make Whole Redemption Date;

     “Reference Date” means the third Business Day prior to the Make Whole Redemption Date;

     “Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (a) primary
government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues (and which may
include, for the avoidance of doubt, Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC
and Standard Chartered Bank);

     “Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government Bond Dealer and the Make
Whole Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference
Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the
Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;

      “Remaining Term Interest” means the aggregate amount of scheduled payment(s) of interest on the relevant tranche of the 2081
Capital Securities for the remaining term of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities up to (but excluding) the First Call Date determined on the
basis of the rate of interest applicable to the relevant 2081 Capital
For the purposes of this subsection, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings set
Securities from (and including) the date on which the relevant 2081 Capital Securities are to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to the
provision set out under this “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by Issuer”; and

      “Similar Security” means a U.S. Treasury security having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of
the tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities to be redeemed, assuming for this purpose only that the relevant 2081 Capital Securities mature
on the First Call Date, that would be utilized, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new
issues of corporate debt securities denominated in U.S. dollars and of a comparable maturity to the First Call Date.


Redemption for Certain Taxation Reasons
      The optional tax redemption provisions of the indenture (Section 1108), as described in the accompanying prospectus under the
caption “Description of Debt Securities We May Offer-Optional Tax Redemption,” shall not apply to the 2081 Capital Securities.

      If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event has occurred and is
continuing, then the Company may, subject to having given not less than 10 but not more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Trustee, the
Principal Paying Agent and the Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set
forth in the indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions set forth under “-Preconditions to Special Event
Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”, redeem in accordance with such conditions at any
time all, but not less than all, of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities at (i) 101% of their principal amount (in the case of a Tax Event where
such redemption occurs prior to the relevant First Call Date) or (ii) at 100% of their principal amount (in the case of a Tax Event where
such redemption occurs on or after the relevant First Call Date or in the case of a Withholding Tax Event where such redemption occurs at
any time), together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding
Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities.


Redemption for Rating Reasons
      If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Capital Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Company
may, subject to having given not less than 10 but not more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the
Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture (which
notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions set forth under “-Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control
Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”, redeem in accordance with such conditions all, but not less than all, of any tranche of
the 2081 Capital Securities at any time at (i) 101% of their principal amount (where such redemption occurs prior to the relevant First Call
Date) or (ii) 100% of their principal amount (where such redemption occurs on or after the relevant First Call Date), together, in each case,
with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of
such notice, the Company will redeem the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities.


Redemption for Accounting Reasons
      If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has occurred and is continuing, then the
Company may, subject to having given not less than 10 but not more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying
Agent and the Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the
indenture (which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions set forth under “-Preconditions to Special Event Redemption,
Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”, redeem in accordance with such conditions all, but not less than all,
of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities at any time at (i) 101% of their principal amount (where such redemption occurs prior to the
relevant First Call Date) or (ii) 100% of their principal amount (where such redemption occurs on or after the relevant First Call Date),
together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of
Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities.
Redemption for Change of Control Event
      If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Change of Control Event has occurred and is continuing, then the
Company may, subject to having given not less than 10 but not more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying
Agent and the Holders of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture
(which notice shall be irrevocable) and subject to the conditions set forth under “-Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of
Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation”, redeem in accordance with such conditions all, but not less than all, of the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities at any time at 101% of their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the
relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities.

      The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Event or Change of Control or any event which could
lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control Event or Change of Control has occurred, and until it shall receive an
Officer’s Certificate pursuant to the indenture to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Event or Change of
Control or other such event has occurred.

      The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming a legal or contractual obligation) that for so long as the 2081 Capital Securities remain
outstanding, if a Change of Control Event occurs, it will launch a tender offer for all outstanding unsubordinated debt securities (which do
not already contain a contractual right of the holders of such debt securities for such securities to be redeemed or repurchased as a result of
the events giving rise to the Change of Control Event) at a price equal to not less than their aggregate principal amount plus accrued and
unpaid interest as soon as reasonably practicable following such event.

      The Company will notify the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent of the redemption price of 2081 Capital Securities to be
redeemed promptly after the calculation thereof, and none of the Trustee, any Paying Agent or the Agent Bank shall have any responsibility
for any calculation or determination in respect of the redemption price of any 2081 Capital Securities, or any component thereof, including
any Make Whole Redemption Amount, and shall be entitled to receive, and fully protected in relying upon, an officers’ certificate from the
Company that states such redemption price.

Substitution or Variation
      If an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event (each a “Substitution or Variation Event”) has
occurred and is continuing, then the Company may, as an alternative to redemption, subject to the conditions set forth under “-
Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation” (without any
requirement for the consent or approval of the Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities) and subject to the Trustee,
immediately prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein, having received an Officer’s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel (each
as defined in the indenture), each stating to the effect that the provisions of this section have been complied with, and having given not less
than 10 but not more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081
Capital Securities (which notice shall be irrevocable), at any time either (i) substitute all, but not less than all, of the relevant 2081 Capital
Securities for, or (ii) vary the terms of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities with the effect that they remain or become (as the case may be),
Qualifying Securities, and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this section and subject to the receipt by it of the
Officer’s Certificate referred to below) agree to such substitution or variation.

     Upon expiry of such notice, the Company will either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, substitute the relevant tranche of the
2081 Capital Securities in accordance with this section.

      The Trustee agrees, at the expense of the Issuer and subject as aforesaid, to use reasonable, non-discretionary and ministerial efforts
to assist the Issuer in the substitution of the Qualifying Securities for the relevant 2081 Capital Securities, or the variation of the terms of
the relevant 2081 Capital Securities so that they remain, or as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, provided that the Trustee shall
not be obliged to participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or variation if the terms of the proposed Qualifying Securities or the
participation in or assistance with such substitution or variation would impose, in the Trustee’s opinion, more onerous obligations upon
it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded
to it in the terms of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities and/or any documents to which it is a party in any way and, separately, against
which it is not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, if it shall so require. If the Trustee does not participate or
assist as provided above, the Company may redeem the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities as provided in “-Redemption”.

     In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this section, the Company will comply with the rules of any stock
exchange on which the relevant 2081 Capital Securities are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

     Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a Substitution or Variation Event shall only
be permitted if it does not give rise to any other Substitution or Variation Event with respect to the Qualifying Securities.

      Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a Substitution or Variation Event shall only
be permitted if it does not result in the Qualifying Securities no longer being eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, “equity credit”
(or such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics
of an ordinary share) as is attributed to the relevant 2081 Capital Securities on the date notice is given to Holders of the substitution or
variation.

     “Qualifying Securities” means securities that:

     (a)     are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer with a guarantee of such
             obligations by the Issuer;

     (b)     rank and (save in the case of a direct issue by the Issuer) benefit from a guarantee that ranks in relation to the obligations of
             the Issuer under such securities and/or such guarantee (as the case may be), equally with the ranking of the relevant 2081
             Capital Securities and pari passu in a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer with any Parity Obligations of the Issuer;

     (c)     contain terms not materially less favorable to Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities than the terms of
             the relevant 2081 Capital Securities (as reasonably determined by the Issuer (in consultation with an independent investment
             bank or counsel of international standing)) and which:

     (i)     provide for the same or a more favorable Interest Rate from time to time as applied to the relevant 2081 Capital Securities
             immediately prior to such substitution or variation and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates;

     (ii)    preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the Issuer as to principal and as to
             redemption of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities, including (without limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon,
             such redemption;

     (iii)   preserve any existing rights under the terms of the relevant 2081 Capital Securities to any accrued interest, any Deferred
             Interest Payments, any Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable under the relevant 2081 Capital Securities which, in
             each case, has accrued to Holders of the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities and not been paid;

     (iv)    do not contain terms providing for the mandatory deferral of payments of interest and/or principal;

     (vi)    do not contain terms providing for loss absorption through principal write-down or conversion to ordinary shares; and

     (vii)   are (i) listed on the Nasdaq Global Market, (ii) listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the London Stock
             Exchange plc’s Main Market or (iii) listed on such other stock exchange as is a Recognized Stock Exchange at that time as
             selected by the Issuer.

For the purposes of the definition of Qualifying Securities:
“Official List” means the Official List of the Financial Conduct Authority acting under Part VI of the Financial Services and Markets Act
2000; and

     “Recognized Stock Exchange” means a recognized stock exchange as defined in section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 as the
same may be amended from time to time and any provision statute or statutory instrument replacing the same from time to time.

Subordination
General
     In the event of:

     (i)     an order being made, or an effective resolution being passed, for the winding-up of the Issuer (except, in any such case, a
             solvent winding-up solely for the purposes of a reorganization, reconstruction, amalgamation or the substitution in place of the
             Issuer of a “successor in business” of the Issuer, the terms of which reorganization, reconstruction, amalgamation or
             substitution do not provide for a claim to be made in the winding-up or administration of the Issuer in respect of the 2081
             Capital Securities); or

     (ii)    an administrator of the Issuer being appointed and such administrator giving notice that it intends to declare and distribute a
             dividend,

      (each, an “Additional Enforcement Event”), there shall be payable by the Issuer in respect of each Security (in lieu of any other
payment by the Issuer), such amount, if any, as would have been payable to the Holder of such Security if, on the day prior to the
commencement of the winding-up or such administration, as the case may be, and thereafter, such Holder were the holder of one of a class
of preference shares in the capital of the Issuer (“Notional Preference Shares”) having an equal right to a return of assets in the winding-up
or such administration, as the case may be, and so ranking pari passu with, the holders of Parity Obligations, but ranking junior to the
claims of holders of all Senior Obligations (except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of law), on the assumption that the
amount that such Holder was entitled to receive in respect of each Notional Preference Share on a return of assets in such winding-up or
such administration, as the case may be, were an amount equal to the principal amount of the relevant Security and any accrued and unpaid
interest and any outstanding Arrears of Interest (and, in the case of an administration, on the assumption that holders of preference shares
were entitled to claim and recover in respect of their preference shares to the same degree as in a winding-up).

     Nothing in this section “-Subordination-General” or “-Event of Default” shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges,
expenses, indemnities, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or the Agents or the rights and remedies of the Trustee or the Agents in
respect thereof.

     Accordingly, and without prejudice to the rights of the Trustee or the Agents, the claims of Holders of all Senior Obligations will first
have to be satisfied in any winding-up or administration before the Holders of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities may expect to
obtain any recovery in respect of their 2081 Capital Securities, and prior thereto, Holders will have only limited ability to influence the
conduct of such winding-up or administration. See “Risk Factors-Risks related to the Securities-Limited Remedies”.


No Set-off, etc.
      Subject to applicable law, no Holder of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off,
compensation or retention in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities and each Holder of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities shall, by virtue of their holding of any
Security, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set- off, compensation or retention. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if any of
the rights and claims of any Holder of any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities in respect of or arising under or in connection with the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities are discharged by set-off, such Holder will, subject to applicable law, (and by acquiring the 2081 Capital
Securities, will be deemed to have agreed that it shall) immediately pay an amount equal to the amount of such discharge to the Issuer or, if
applicable, the liquidator, trustee, receiver or administrator of the Issuer and, until such time as payment is made, will hold a sum equal to
such amount on trust for the Issuer or, if applicable, the
not to have taken place.

Definitions
     As used in the “Description of Securities”, the following terms have the meanings set forth below:

      “Accounting Event” shall be deemed to occur if, as a result of a change in accounting principles which becomes effective on or after
the Issue Date, but not otherwise, the obligations of the Issuer under the relevant 2081 Capital Securities must not or may no longer be
recorded as a “financial liability” in the next following audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer prepared in
accordance with IFRS or any other accounting standards that the Issuer may adopt in the future for the preparation of its audited annual
consolidated financial statements in accordance with United Kingdom company law;

       “Agent Bank” is the agent bank that entered into the calculation agent agreement with the Issuer dated as of June 4, 2021, which will
initially be The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch;

     “Agents” means the Agent Bank and the Paying Agent or any of them;

     “Additional Enforcement Event” has the meaning given to it under “-Subordination”;

     “Arrears of Interest” has the meaning given to it under “-Optional Interest Deferral-Deferral of Payments”;

    “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange
markets are open for general business in London and New York City;

     “Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it under “-Interest Payments-Interest Accrual”;

      “Capital Event” shall be deemed to occur if the Issuer has received, and confirmed in writing to the Trustee that it has so received,
confirmation from any Rating Agency then providing a solicited rating of the Issuer or any tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities at the
invitation of, or with the consent of, the Issuer and in connection with which the relevant 2081 Capital Securities are assigned an equity
credit, either directly or via a publication by such Rating Agency, that an amendment, clarification or change has occurred in its equity
credit criteria which becomes effective on or after the Issue Date (or, if later, effective after the date on which the relevant 2081 Capital
Securities are assigned “equity credit” by such Rating Agency for the first time) and as a result of which, but not otherwise, the relevant
2081 Capital Securities will no longer be eligible (or if the relevant 2081 Capital Securities have been partially or fully re-financed since
the Issue Date and are no longer eligible for “equity credit” in part or in full as a result thereof, the relevant 2081 Capital Securities would
no longer have been eligible as a result of such change had they not been re-financed) for the same, or a higher amount of, “equity credit”
(or such other nomenclature that the Rating Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics
of an ordinary share) as was attributed to the relevant 2081 Capital Securities at the Issue Date (or if “equity credit” is not assigned to the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date on which “equity credit” is assigned by such
Rating Agency for the first time);

      “Change of Control” means the occurrence of an event whereby any person or any persons acting in concert (as defined in the City
Code on Takeovers and Mergers), other than a holding company (as defined in Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended)
whose shareholders are or are to be substantially similar to the preexisting shareholders of the Issuer, shall become interested (within the
meaning of Part 22 of the Companies Act 2006 as amended) in (A) more than 50% of the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of the
Issuer or (B) shares in the capital of the Issuer carrying more than 50% of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the
Issuer; provided that, no Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if the event would otherwise have constituted a Change of Control
occurs or is carried out for the purposes of a reorganizations on terms previously approved by the Holders of at least 75% in principal
amount of the 2081 Capital Securities then outstanding;

     “Change of Control Event” shall be deemed to occur if:
     (a)    a Change of Control occurs; and

     (b)    any of the Issuer’s Senior Unsecured Obligations carry:

            (A) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3 BBB-, or their respective equivalents, or better) (an “Investment Grade Rating”),
                by any Relevant Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer; or

            (B) (where there is no credit rating from any Relevant Rating Agency assigned at the invitation of the Issuer), an Investment
                Grade Rating by any Relevant Rating Agency of its own volition, and

                  (x)    such rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating
                         (Ba1 BB-, or their respective equivalents, or worse) (a “Non-Investment Grade Rating”) or withdrawn and is not,
                         within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a
                         withdrawal) reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Relevant Rating Agency;

                  (y)    and there remains no other Investment Grade Rating of any of the Issuer’s Senior Unsecured Obligations from
                         any other Relevant Rating Agency; and

     (c)    in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw an Investment Grade Rating pursuant to paragraph (b) above, such Relevant
            Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such decision(s) resulted, in whole
            or in part, from the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control.

     Further, if at the time of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control the Issuer’s Senior Unsecured Obligations are not assigned
an Investment Grade Rating by any Relevant Rating Agency, a Change of Control Event will be deemed to occur upon the occurrence of a
Change of Control alone.

      If the rating designations employed by either Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”) or S&P Global Ratings Europe
(“S&P”) are changed from those which are described in paragraph (b) of the definition of “Change of Control Event” above, or if a rating
is procured from a Substitute Relevant Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of Moody’s or S&P or such
Substitute Relevant Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s or S&P and the
definition of “Change of Control Event” shall be construed accordingly;

      “Change of Control Period” means the period commencing upon a Change of Control and ending 90 days after the Change of Control
(or such longer period for which the Senior Unsecured Obligations are under consideration (such consideration having been announced
publicly within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control) for rating review, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public
announcement of such consideration);

     “Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event” shall have occurred if:

     (a)    a dividend (either interim or final), other distribution or payment was validly resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect of
            (i) ordinary shares of the Issuer, (ii) any obligations of the Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the
            ordinary shares of the Issuer or (iii) any obligations of any Subsidiaries of the Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support
            agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, pari passu with the ordinary shares of the Issuer,
            except where (x) such dividend, other distribution or payment was required to be resolved on, declared, paid or made
            exclusively in ordinary shares of the Issuer or in respect of any share option, or any free share allocation plan in each case
            reserved for directors, officers and/or employees of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or any associated liquidity agreements or
            any associated hedging transactions or (y) the Issuer is obliged under the terms of such securities or by mandatory operation of
            law to make such dividend, distribution or other payment; or

     (b)    a dividend (either interim or final), other distribution or payment was validly resolved on, declared, paid or made in respect of
            any Parity Obligations of the Issuer, except where such dividend, distribution or
            operation of law; or

     (c)    the Issuer has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired (i) any ordinary shares of the Issuer, (ii) any obligations of the
            Issuer which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the ordinary shares of the Issuer or (iii) any obligations of any
            Subsidiaries of the Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is
            expressed to rank, pari passu with the ordinary shares of the Issuer, except where (v) such repurchase or acquisition was
            undertaken in respect of any share option, or any free share allocation plan in each case reserved for directors, officers and/or
            employees of the Issuer or any of its affiliates or any associated liquidity agreements or any associated hedging transactions,
            (w) the Issuer is obliged under the terms of such securities or by mandatory operation of law to make such repurchase or
            acquisition or (x) such repurchase or acquisition was made by or on behalf of the Issuer as part of an intra-day transaction that
            does not result in an increase in the aggregate number of ordinary shares held by or on behalf of the Issuer as treasury shares at
            8:30 a.m. London time on the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Arrears of Interest were first deferred, (y) such
            repurchase or acquisition results from hedging of any convertible securities issued by the Issuer or by any Subsidiary of the
            Issuer and guaranteed by the Issuer; or (z) such repurchase or acquisition results from the settlement of existing equity
            derivatives after the Interest Payment Date on which any outstanding Arrears of Interest were first deferred;

     (d)    the Issuer, or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, has redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired any Parity Obligations of the
            Issuer, except where (x) such redemption, repurchase or acquisition is effected as a public cash tender offer or public exchange
            offer at a purchase price per security which is below its par value or (y) the Issuer, or any Subsidiary of the Issuer, is obliged
            under the terms of such securities or by mandatory operation of law to make such redemption, repurchase or acquisition or
            (z) such acquisition results from the conversion of any convertible securities issued by the Issuer or issued by a Subsidiary of
            the Issuer with a guarantee from the Issuer;

     “Deferred Interest Payment” has the meaning given to it under “-Optional Interest Deferral-Deferral of Payments”;

     “Determination Agent” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “First Fixed Interest Rate” has the meaning given to it under “-Interest Payments-First Fixed Interest Rate”;

     “First Call Date” means the First Tranche 1 Call Date, the First Tranche 2 Call Date or the First Tranche 3 Call Date, as applicable;

      “First Reset Date” means the First Tranche 1 Reset Date, the First Tranche 2 Reset Date or the First Tranche 3 Reset Date, as
applicable;

     “First Tranche 1 Call Date” means June 4, 2026;

     “First Tranche 1 Reset Date” means September 4, 2026;

     “First Tranche 2 Call Date” means March 4, 2031;

     “First Tranche 2 Reset Date” means June 4, 2031;

     “First Tranche 3 Call Date” December 4, 2050;

     “First Tranche 3 Reset Date” means June 4, 2051;

     “Interest Payment” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest payable on the relevant 2081 Capital
Securities for the relevant Interest Period in accordance with “-Interest Payments”;
      “Interest Payment Date” means, in respect of the Tranche 1 Securities, March 4 and September 4 in each year, commencing on (and
including) March 4, 2022, and the Maturity Date; in respect of the Tranche 2 Securities, June 4 and December 4 in each year, commencing
on (and including) December 4, 2021; and, in respect of the Tranche 3 Securities, June 4 and December 4 in each year, commencing on
(and including) December 4, 2021, subject in each case to adjustment as described under “-Interest Payments-Interest Rate”;

      “Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Issue Date and ending on (but excluding) the relevant first
Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding)
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date; “Interest Rate” means the relevant First Fixed Interest Rate and/or each Subsequent Fixed
Interest Rate, as the case may be;

     “Issue Date” has the meaning given to it under “-Interest Payments-Interest Rate”;

      “Junior Obligations” means any shares in the capital of the Issuer (except for preference shares in the capital of the Issuer (if any)) or
any other securities or obligations issued or owed by the Issuer (including guarantees or indemnities or support arrangements given by the
Issuer in respect of securities or obligations owed by other persons) which rank, or are expressed to rank, junior to the 2081 Capital
Securities or to the most junior class of preference shares in the capital of the Issuer;

     “Make Whole Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “Mandatory Settlement Date” means the earlier of:

     (a)     the date on which a Compulsory Arrears of Interest Settlement Event occurs;

     (b)     the next scheduled Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays interest on the relevant 2081 Capital Securities; or

     (c)     the date on which the relevant 2081 Capital Securities are redeemed or repaid in accordance with “- Subordination”, “-
             Redemption” or “-Event of Default”;

     “Maturity Date” means, in respect of each Tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities, June 4, 2081, subject in each case to adjustment as
described under “-Interest Payments-Interest Rate”;

      “Parity Obligations” means (if any) (i) the most junior class of preference share capital in the Issuer ranking ahead of the ordinary
shares in the capital of the Issuer and any other obligations of the Issuer, issued directly or indirectly by it, which rank, or are expressed to
rank, pari passu with the relevant 2081 Capital Securities or such preference shares and (ii) any obligations of any Subsidiaries of the
Issuer benefiting from a guarantee or support agreement entered into by the Issuer which ranks, or is expressed to rank, pari passu with the
relevant 2081 Capital Securities or such preference shares;

     As at the Issue Date (and for so long as the same remain outstanding), Parity Obligations include the Issuer’s:

     1.      £1,720,000,000 1.50% Subordinated Mandatory Convertible Bonds due 2022 (ISIN: XS1960589668);

     2.      €500,000,000 Capital Securities due 2078 (ISIN: XS 1888179550);

     3.      £500,000,000 Capital Securities due 2078 (ISIN: XS1888180996);

     4.      U.S.$1,300,000,000 Capital Securities due 2078 (ISIN: XS1888180640);

     5.      €2,000,000,000 Capital Securities due 2079 (ISIN: XS1888179477);

     6.      U.S.$2,000,000,000 Capital Securities due 2079 (ISIN: US92857WBQ24);
     7.     €1,000,000,000 Capital Securities due 2080 (ISIN: XS2225157424); and

     8.     €1,000,000,000 Capital Securities due 2080 (ISIN: XS2225204010).

     “Qualifying Securities” has the meaning given to it under “-Substitution or Variation”;

     “Rating Agency” means Fitch Ratings Limited, Moody’s or S&P or any of their respective affiliates or successors or any rating
agency substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time;

     “Redemption Margin” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “Reference Bond” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “Reference Bond Price” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “Reference Bond Rate” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “Reference Date” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

     “Reference Government Bond Dealer” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

      “Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the
Issuer”;

     “Remaining Term Interest” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;

      “Relevant Date” means (i) in respect of any payment other than a sum to be paid by the Issuer in a winding-up or administration of
the Issuer, the date on which such payment first becomes due and payable but, if the full amount of the moneys payable on such date has
not been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee on or prior to such date, the Relevant Date means the date on which such
moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Holders, and (ii) in respect of a sum to be paid by
the Issuer in a winding-up or administration of the Issuer, the date which is one day prior to the date on which an order is made or a
resolution is passed for the winding-up or, in the case of an administration, one day prior to the date on which any dividend is distributed;

     “Relevant Rating Agency” means Moody’s or S&P or any of their respective affiliates or successors or any rating agency (a
“Substitute Relevant Rating Agency”) substituted for any of them by the Issuer from time to time;

     “Reset Date” means the First Reset Date and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the First Reset Date; “Reset Interest
Determination Date” means the second U.S. Government Business Day prior to the relevant Reset Date; “Reset Period” means the period
from one Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date;

     “Senior Obligations” means all obligations of the Issuer, issued directly or indirectly by it, other than Parity Obligations and Junior
Obligations;

     “Senior Unsecured Obligations” means any of the Issuer’s senior unsecured obligations;

     “Similar Security” has the meaning given to it under “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”;
      “Special Event” means any of an Accounting Event, a Capital Event, a Tax Event or a Withholding Tax Event or any combination of
the foregoing;
     “Subsequent Fixed Interest Rate” has the meaning given to it under “-Interest Payments-Subsequent Fixed Interest Rates”;

     “Subsidiary” means a subsidiary within the meaning of Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006;

     “Substitution or Variation Event” has the meaning given to it under “-Substitution or Variation”;

     “successor in business” means, in relation to a company, any other company which:

     (a)    owns beneficially the whole or substantially whole of the undertaking, property and assets owned by such company
            immediately prior thereto; and

     (b)    carries on, as successor to such company, the whole or substantially the whole of the business carried on by such company
            immediately prior thereto;

     “Tax Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if as a result of a Tax Law Change:

     (a)    in respect of, or as a result of, the Issuer’s obligation to make any Interest Payment on the next following Interest Payment
            Date, the Issuer would not be entitled to claim a deduction in computing its taxation liabilities in its jurisdiction of
            incorporation, and any other territory or authority or additional territory or authority to whose taxing jurisdiction the Issuer has
            become subject (the “Relevant Jurisdiction”) or such entitlement is materially reduced or materially delayed (a
            “disallowance”);

     (b)    the relevant 2081 Capital Securities are prevented from being treated as loan relationships for tax purposes in the Relevant
            Jurisdiction; or

     (c)    in respect of the Issuer’s obligation to make any Interest Payment on the next following Interest Payment Date, where a
            deduction arises in respect of such Interest Payment the Issuer would not to any material extent be entitled to have such
            deduction set against the profits of companies with which it is grouped for applicable tax purposes in the Relevant Jurisdiction
            (whether under the group relief system current as at the Issue Date or any similar system or systems having like effect as may
            from time to time exist) otherwise than as a result of a disallowance within (a),

     and, in each case, the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in connection with the relevant tranche of the 2081 Capital Securities by
taking measures reasonably available to it, provided measures reasonably available to the Issuer shall not include allocating a disallowance
provided for in (a) above to any other company or security;

      “Tax Law Change” means a change in or proposed change in, or amendment or proposed amendment to, the laws or regulations of
the Relevant Jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having the power to tax, including any treaty to
which the Relevant Jurisdiction is a party, or any change in the application of official or generally published interpretation of such laws or
regulations, including a decision of any court or tribunal, or any interpretation or pronouncement by any relevant tax authority that
provides for a position with respect to such laws or regulations or interpretation thereof that differs from the previously generally accepted
position in relation to similar transactions, which change or amendment becomes, or would become, effective on or after the Issue Date;

     “United Kingdom” means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;

     “U.S. dollar”, “U.S.$” and “cent” mean the lawful currency of the United States of America; and

     a “Withholding Tax Event” shall be deemed to occur if as a result of a Tax Law Change, in making any payments on the relevant
2081 Capital Securities, the Issuer has paid or will or would on the next Interest Payment
Date be required to pay Additional Amounts on the relevant 2081 Capital Securities and the Issuer cannot avoid the foregoing in
connection with the relevant 2081 Capital Securities by taking measures reasonably available to it.


Other Terms Applicable to All Capital Securities
Further Issuances
The Company may, without the consent of Holders, create and issue further Capital Securities of a given tranche ranking pari passu with
each of the outstanding Capital Securities and with the same terms as the outstanding Capital Securities of the relevant tranche (save for
the date from which interest thereon accrues and the amount of the first payment of interest on such further Capital Securities) and so that
such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Capital Securities of the relevant tranche for all
purposes of the indenture, including without limitation, with respect to amendments, waivers, redemptions and offers to purchase, provided
that if any such additional Capital Securities are not fungible with the Capital Securities of the relevant tranche for United States federal
income tax purposes, such additional Capital Securities will have a separate CUSIP or other identifying number.

Principal and Maturity
Unless previously redeemed, purchased, cancelled or substituted, each tranche of the Capital Securities will mature on the Maturity Date
and holders will be entitled to receive 100% of the principal amount of the relevant Capital Securities, together with any accrued and
unpaid interest and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.

Optional Interest Deferral
Deferral of Payments
The Company may, at the Company’s discretion, elect to defer all or part of any Interest Payment (a “Deferred Interest Payment”) which is
otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date by giving notice (a “Deferral Notice”) of such election to the Holders of any
tranche of the Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture, the Trustee and the Principal Paying
Agent not more than 14 nor less than 7 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. Subject to conditions set forth in “-
Optional Interest Deferral-Mandatory Settlement”, if the Issuer elects not to make all or part of any Interest Payment on an Interest
Payment Date, then it will not have any obligation to pay such interest on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such non-payment of
interest will not constitute an Event of Default or any other breach of its obligations under the relevant Capital Securities or for any other
purpose.

Arrears of Interest (as defined in the Capital Securities Prospectus Supplements) may be satisfied at the option of the Issuer in whole or in
part at any time (the “Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date”) following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the
Holders of any tranche of the Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture, the Trustee and the
Principal Paying Agent not more than 14 nor less than 7 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date
informing them of its election to so satisfy such Arrears of Interest (or part thereof) and specifying the relevant Optional Deferred Interest
Settlement Date.

Any Deferred Interest Payment shall itself bear interest (such further interest, together with the Deferred Interest Payment, being “Arrears
of Interest”), at the Interest Rate prevailing from time to time, from (and including) the date on which (but for such deferral) the Deferred
Interest Payment would otherwise have been due to be made to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date or,
as appropriate, such other date on which such Deferred Interest Payment is paid in connection with a Mandatory Settlement as set forth in
the Capital Securities Prospectus Supplements, in each case such further interest being compounded on each Interest Payment Date.

Non-payment of Arrears of Interest shall not constitute a default by the Issuer under the relevant Capital Securities or for any other
purpose, unless such payment is required in connection with a Mandatory Settlement.
Mandatory Settlement
Notwithstanding the provisions above relating to the ability of the Issuer to defer Interest Payments, the Company will pay any outstanding
Arrears of Interest, in whole but not in part, on the first occurring Mandatory Settlement Date following the Interest Payment Date on
which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose (“Mandatory Settlement”).


Redemption
Final Redemption
      Unless previously redeemed, purchased, cancelled or substituted, each tranche of the Capital Securities will be redeemed at 100% of
their principal amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest and any outstanding Arrears of Interest, on June 4, 2081. The Capital
Securities may not be redeemed at the option of the Issuer other than in accordance with the provisions set forth under “-Redemption”.


Issuer’s Call Option
      The Company may, by giving not less than 10 but not more than 60 calendar days’ notice to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent
and the Holders of any tranche of the Capital Securities in accordance with the notice provisions set forth in the indenture (which notice
shall be irrevocable), redeem all, but not less than all, of the relevant Capital Securities on (i) any date during the period commencing on
(and including) the First Call Date to (and including) the First Reset Date or (ii) any Interest Payment Date thereafter at their principal
amount, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest.
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Company will redeem the relevant tranche of the Capital Securities.

Preconditions to Special Event Redemption, Change of Control Event Redemption, and Substitution and Variation
Prior to giving any notice of redemption pursuant to the provisions set for under “-Redemption” (other than redemption pursuant to “-
Redemption-Issuer’s Call Option” or “-Redemption-Make Whole Redemption by the Issuer”) or any notice of substitution or variation
pursuant to the provisions set forth in”-Substitution or Variation”, the Company will deliver to the Trustee an Officer’s Certificate in form
satisfactory to the Trustee stating that the relevant requirement or circumstance giving rise to the right to redeem, substitute or vary is
satisfied, and where the relevant Special Event requires measures reasonably available to the Issuer to be taken, the relevant Special Event
cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking such measures. In relation to a substitution or variation pursuant to the provisions set forth in “-
Substitution or Variation”, such certificate shall also include further certifications that the criteria specified in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the
definition of Qualifying Securities will be satisfied by the Qualifying Capital Securities upon issue and that such determinations were
reached by the Issuer in consultation with an independent investment bank or counsel of international standing. The Trustee may rely
absolutely upon and shall be entitled to accept such Officer’s Certificate without any liability to any person for so doing and without any
further inquiry as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in such paragraphs in which event it shall be
conclusive and binding on the Holders.
Any redemption of any tranche of the Capital Securities in accordance with conditions set forth under “- Redemption-Issuer’s Call Option,-
Redemption for Certain Taxation Reasons,-Redemption for Rating Reasons,- Redemption for Accounting Reasons or-Redemption for
Change of Control Event”, shall be conditional on all outstanding Arrears of Interest being paid in full in accordance with the provisions
under “-Optional Interest Deferral” on or prior to the date thereof, together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) such
redemption, substitution or, as the case may be, variation date.

The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any Special Event or Change of Control Event or Change of Control or any event
which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, any such Special Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control, has
occurred and, until it shall receive an Officer’s Certificate pursuant to the indenture to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no such
Special Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control or such other event has occurred.

Governing Law
      The Capital Securities and the indenture will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York,
except that, the subordination provisions of the Capital Securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. For
the avoidance of doubt, the payment of the costs, charges, expenses, indemnities, liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or the Agents
shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York.


Event of Default
     For the avoidance of doubt, the events of default provisions of the base indenture describing certain events of default other than
payment defaults (Sections 501(3)-(10)), providing for acceleration (Section 502), providing for collection suits (Section 503) and
providing for limitations on suits (Section 507), as described in the accompanying prospectus under the caption “Description of Debt
Securities We May Offer-Default and Related Matters-Events of Default,” shall not apply to the Capital Securities.


Proceedings
      If a default is made by the Issuer for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any principal or premium (if any) or 21 days or
more in the payment of any interest, in each case in respect of any tranche of the Capital Securities and which is due (an “Event of
Default”), then the Issuer shall, without notice from the Trustee, be deemed to be in default under the indenture and the relevant Capital
Securities and the Trustee at its sole discretion may, notwithstanding the provisions set forth under “-Event of Default-Enforcement” in the
Capital Securities Prospectus Supplements but subject to the provisions set forth under “-Event of Default-Entitlement of Trustee”,
institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer and/or prove and/or claim in the winding-up or administration of the Issuer, such
claim being subordinated, and for the amount, as provided in “-Subordination-General”.


Enforcement
      The Trustee may, at its discretion (subject to the provisions set forth under “-Event of Default-Entitlement of Trustee”) and without
further notice, institute such proceedings or take such steps or actions against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or condition
binding on the Issuer under the indenture or the relevant tranche of the Capital Securities, but in no event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the
institution of any such proceedings, steps or actions, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been
payable by it.


Entitlement of Trustee
      The Trustee shall not be bound to take any of the actions referred to in the provisions set forth under “-Event of Default-Proceedings”
or “-Event of Default-Enforcement” above against the Issuer to enforce the terms of the indenture or any tranche of the Capital Securities
at the request of the Holders of the relevant Capital Securities or take any other action or step under or pursuant to the terms of the relevant
Capital Securities or the indenture unless (i) it shall have been so directed or requested in writing by the Holders of any tranche of the
Capital Securities of at least 25% in principal amount of the relevant Capital Securities then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. However, if an Event of Default or Additional Enforcement Event has
occurred and is continuing, the Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by the indenture, and use the same degree
of care and skill in their exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his or her own
affairs. The Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the
request of the Holders of any tranche of the Capital Securities of at least 25% in principal amount of the relevant Capital Securities then
outstanding.


Right of Holders
      No Holder of any tranche of the Capital Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or to institute proceedings
for the winding-up or to prove or claim in the winding-up or administration of the Issuer (except actions for payment of overdue principal,
premium or interest) unless the Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, institute, prove or claim, fails or is unable to do so within a
60 day period and such failure or inability
shall be continuing, in which case such Holder shall have only such rights against the Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to
exercise as set out in this section.


Extent of Holders’ remedy
      No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Event of Default section, shall be available to the Trustee or the Holders
of any tranche of the Capital Securities, whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the relevant Capital Securities or under
the indenture or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the relevant Capital Securities or
under the indenture. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the foregoing shall prevent the Trustee from proving in any winding-up or
administration of the Issuer and/or claiming in any winding-up or administration of the Issuer (even if not instituted by the Trustee).


Payment of Additional Amounts
      All payments on the Capital Securities will be made without deducting U.K. withholding taxes, except as required by law. If any such
deduction is required on payments to non-U.K. investors, the Company will pay additional amounts on those payments to the extent
described under “Description of Debt Securities We May Offer- Payment of Additional Amounts” in the accompanying prospectus.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any amounts to be paid on the Capital Securities by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any
deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder
or official interpretations thereof) or an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (any
such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any person will be required to pay any additional amounts
in respect of FATCA Withholding.


Regarding the Trustee
     The Company and some of its subsidiaries maintain banking relations with the Trustee in the ordinary course of its business.

      If an event of default occurs, or an event occurs that would be an event of default if the requirements for giving us notice of the
default or its default having to exist for a specified period of time were disregarded, the Trustee may be considered to have a conflicting
interest with respect to the Debt Securities or the Indenture for purposes of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939. In that case, the Trustee may
be required to resign as trustee under the Indenture and the Company would be required to appoint a successor trustee.
    Exhibit 4.6

    Exhibit 4.21

® Culture: non-executive directors are responsible for ensuring that the values of the Company are unambiguous and embody the behaviours required to deliver the Company’s strategic goals. You should satisfy yourself that management are taking the appropriate action to achieve and maintain the desired culture. 1 Appointment and Terms Subject to the terms of this letter, your appointment as a director will commence on the Effective Date. The Articles require that all directors retire each year at the Annual General Meeting. The Nominations and Governance Committee each year reviews and considers the submission of the directors for re-election and considers the membership of the Board committees. In the event that you submit yourself (with the agreement of the Nominations and Governance Committee) for re-election at an Annual General Meeting but you are not elected, your appointment as director will automatically terminate at the end of that Annual General Meeting. Your appointment will also terminate if you cease to be a director In accordance with any other provision of the Articles, or if either we give you, or you give us, one months’ written notice of termination. You will not be entitled to receive any compensation from the Company in respect of the termination of your appointment. In accordance with the recommendations of the UK Corporate Governance Code, after nine years’ service on the Board, a director may not be considered independent. Overall, we anticipate a time commitment from you Involving attendance at all Board meetings (the Company currently has eight each year), the Annual General Meeting (usually held in July each year) and at least one company/site visit per year. You will be expected to devote appropriate preparation time ahead of each meeting. In addition, you will be asked to join at least one of the principal Board Committees. Each Committee meets about four or five times a year (and in some cases more frequently) and you are expected to attend all the meetings of the Committee(s) of which you are member. There may be additional demands on your time during any period of increased corporate activity (such as an acquisition or a takeover) or when major issues arise. By accepting this appointment, you have confirmed that you are able to allocate sufficient time to meet the expectations of your role. If you are unable to attend a Board meeting or Committee meeting in person, I hope, nevertheless, that you will be able to join those meetings either by videoconference or
Company policy. Payment of all fees will cease immediately after your appointment as a non-executive director of the Company terminates for any reason. 3 Dealing in the Company’s shares You shall (and you shall ensure that your “persons closely associated”, including your spouse, any dependent children and associated legal entities shall) comply with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (MAR), Criminal Justice Act 1993, the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and rules and regulations laid down by the Company from time to time in relation to dealing in the Company’s shares. Further guidance is available from the Company Secretary. 4 Competitive Businesses In view of the sensitive and confidential nature of the Company’s business you agree that for so long as you are a non-executive director of the Company you will not, without the consent of the Board, which . shall not be withheld unreasonably, be engaged or interested in any capacity in any business or with any company which is, in the reasonable opinion of the Board, competitive with the business of any company in the Group. In the event that you become aware of any potential conflicts of interest, these should be disclosed to me and to the Company Secretary as soon as possible. 5 Confidentiality You agree that you will not make use of, divulge or communicate to any person (except in the proper , performance of your duties) any of the trade secrets or other confidential information of or relating to any company in the Group which you have received or obtained from or through the Company. This restriction shall continue to apply after the termination of your appointment without limit in point of time but shall cease to apply to information or knowledge which comes into the public domain otherwise than through your default or which shall have been received by you from a third party entitled to disclose the same to you. Your attention is also drawn to the requirements under both Legislation and regulation as to the disclosure of inside information. Consequently, you should avoid making any statements that might risk a breach of these requirements without prior clearance from me or from the Company Secretary. Please note that all media enquiries concerning the Company must be referred immediately to the Group External Affairs Director. 6 Illness or Incapacity If you are prevented by illness or incapacity from carrying out your duties for a period exceeding three consecutive calendar months or at different times for a period exceeding in
appoint some person In your name and on your behalf to sign any documents and do anything necessary or requisite to give effect thereto. 9 Return of Company Property You agree that upon termination of your appointment as a non-executive director, you will immediately deliver to the Company all property belonging to the Company or any member of its Group, including all documents or other records made or compiled or acquired by you during your appointment concerning the business, finances or affairs of the Group. 10 Independent Professional Advice In accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code, the Board has agreed procedures for Directors in the furtherance of their duties to take independent professional advice if necessary, at the Company’s expense. Naturally, if you have any queries or difficulties at any time please feel free to discuss them with me. I am also available at all times to provide you with information and advice you may need. 11 Indemnification and Insurance You will have the benefit of the following indemnity In relation to liability Incurred in your capacity as a Director of the Company. This indemnity is as wide as English law currently permits: (i) The Company will provide funds to cover costs as incurred by you in defending legal proceedings brought against you In your capacity as, or as a result of your being or having been, a Director of the Company including criminal proceedings and proceedings brought by the Company itself or an Associated Company; (ii) The Company will indemnify you in respect of any proceedings brought by third parties, including both Legal and financial costs of an adverse judgment brought against you In your capacity as, or as a result of your being or having been, a Director of the Company; and (iii) The Company will indemnify you for liability Incurred in connection with any application made to a court for relief from Liability, where the court grants such relief. For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnity granted does not cover; (I) Unsuccessful defence of criminal proceedings, in which instance the Company would seek reimbursement for any funds advanced; (II) Unsuccessful defence of an action brought by the Company Itself or an Associated Company, in which instance the Company would seek reimbursement for any funds advanced; (iii) Fines imposed by regulatory bodies; (iv) Fines imposed in criminal proceedings; and (v) Liability incurred in connection with any application under Section 661 (3) or (4) of the Companies Act 2006 (acquisition of shares
    Exhibit 4.22

Company’s Human Resources department as soon as they become aware of any change in their status in regard to eligibility to work in the UK (or such other jurisdiction). 3 Appointment and Duties of the Executive 3.1 From the Commencement Date the Executive will serve the Company as Group Chief Financial Officer or such other position as may be agreed from time to time. 3.2 The Executive will: 3.2.1 devote the whole of their working time, attention and skill to the Employment; 3.2.2 fulfil with due diligence and to the best of their ability the obligations incumbent upon them pursuant to their appointment; 3.2.3 accept any offices or directorships as reasonably required by the Board; 3.2.4 comply with all rules and regulations issued by the Company or any relevant Group Company; 3.2.6 obey the lawful directions of the Board; and 3.2.7 promote the interests and reputation of the Group. 3.3 The Executive accepts that, subject always to their consent (which they will not unreasonably withhold or delay), the Company may: 3.3.1 require them to perform duties for any other Group Company whether for the whole or part of their working time. The Company will remain responsible for the payments and benefits they are entitled to receive under this agreement; 3.3.2 appoint any other person to act jointly with them; and 3.3.3 transfer the Employment to any other Group Company. 3.4 The Executive will promptly disclose to the Board (and where appropriate the board of directors of any other Group Company) full details of any wrongdoing of which they are or become aware by any employee of any Group Company where that wrongdoing is material to that employee’s employment by the relevant company or to the interests or reputation of any Group Company. 3.5 At any time during the Employment the Company may require the Executive to undergo a medical examination, related to the performance of the Executive’s role, by a medical practitioner appointed by the Company. The Executive authorises that medical practitioner to disclose to the Company any report or test results prepared or obtained as a result of that examination which are relevant to the Employment and to discuss with it any matters arising out of the examination which are relevant to the Employment or which might prevent the Executive properly performing the duties of the Employment. 4 Hours 4.1 The Executive and the Company agree that the Executive is a managing executive for the purposes of the Working Time Regulations 1998 (the
5 Interests of the Executive 5.1 The Executive will disclose promptly in writing to the Board all interests (for example, shareholdings or directorships) in any businesses whether or not of a commercial or business nature except their interests in any Group Company. The Executive has disclosed their interests at the date of this agreement to the Corporate Secretariat. 5.2 Subject to clause 5.3, during the Employment the Executive will not be directly or indirectly engaged or concerned in the conduct of any activity which is similar to or competes with any activity carried on by any Group Company except as a representative of the Company or with the written consent of the Board. 5.3 The Executive may not hold or be interested in investments which amount to more than five per cent of the issued investments of any class of any one company whose investments are listed or quoted on any recognised Stock Exchange or dealt in on the Alternative Investments Market. 5.4 The Executive may serve as a non-executive director of not more than one non-Group company quoted on a recognised Stock Exchange provided they have prior Board approval to do so. 6.5 The Executive will (and will procure that their “connected persons”, including partner and dependent children) comply with all rules of law, including the Criminal Justice Act 1993, the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, the Financial Services Act 2012 and the listing rules of the Financial Conduct Authority as amended from time to time in relation to the holding or trading of securities 6 Location 6.1 The Executive will work at the principal office of the Company or anywhere else within the United Kingdom as required by the Board. They may be required to travel and work outside the United Kingdom from time to time. 7 Salary and Benefits 7.1 From the Commencement Date the Company will pay the Executive a salary of £725,000 per annum, subject to such deductions as the Company is authorised or required by law to make (including for tax and National Insurance contributions). Salary will be paid monthly in arrear by bank credit transfer on or about the 28th day of each month. Salary will be reviewed annually (the first such review to take place in 2026) and the revised salary, if different, will normally take effect from 1 July. 7.2 The salary referred to in clause 7 1 includes director’s fees from the Group Companies and any other companies in which the Executive is required to accept a directorship under the terms of this Employment. To achieve this: 7.2.1 the
7.3 In addition to the remuneration referred to in clause 7.1 above, the Executive will be entitled to participate in short-term and long-term incentive plans in accordance with the rules of those plans from time to time in force and subject to the Company’s executive remuneration policy as determined by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Company’s shareholders in general meeting from time to time. Participation in any such plans will be subject to the terms of any malus and clawback policy adopted by the Company from time to time. The Company reserves the right to withhold or require repayment of all or part of any payment or benefit under the plans if and to the extent that it is permissible to do so under the relevant plan rules or in accordance with any applicable policy adopted by the Company from time to time. 7.4 To assist in the performance of their duties under this agreement the Executive will, during the continuance of the Employment be entitled to the benefits of the UK car policy as applicable to directors of the Company from time to time. 7.5 The Executive may join the Vodafone UK Defined Contribution Pension Plan (the “Plan”) at any time. The Executive will be eligible for an allowance of 10% of salary which can be taken as an employer pension contribution or taxable cash allowance. The maximum Company contribution to the Plan will be £10,000 per annum. The Executive may elect not to join the Plan and instead the Company will pay the entire allowance as a taxable cash sum. 7.6 If the Executive joins the Plan and subsequently decides to cease membership of the Plan then the Company may be obliged to re-enrol the Executive back into the Plan or another relevant pension scheme on a regular basis, expected to be every 3 years. If the Executive does not opt-out of being automatically re-enrolled in the Plan or other relevant pension scheme, the cash sum referred to in clause 7.5 will be reduced by the amount of any payments by the Company into the Plan or other relevant pension scheme. 7.7 Participation in the Plan and the extent to which the Executive is entitled to benefits under it are subject always to the rules of the Plan. The Company expressly reserves the right to discontinue or modify the Plan from time to time. 7.8 The Executive will automatically be covered for life assurance at four times salary and receive long-term disability insurance regardless of whether or not they remain in the Plan. This cover will be effective from the Commencement Date. 7.9 Without prejudice to
reserves the right at any time to withdraw this benefit or to amend the terms upon which it is provided. 7.11 The Executive is entitled to 28 days’ paid holiday each year (in addition to English Bank and other public holidays). In addition the Executive shall be entitled to an additional day’s holiday for each five years of continuous service up to a maximum of 3 days. The leave year runs from 1 January to 31 December. The Executive agrees that the provisions of Regulations 15(1)-(4) inclusive of the Regulations (dates on which leave is taken) do not apply to the Employment. Holiday entitlement will be calculated on a monthly basis and accrue on the basis of completed whole calendar months of Employment. The Company may require the Executive to take accrued holiday during any notice period. If on the Termination Date the Executive has exceeded their accrued holiday entitlement, the excess may be deducted from any sums due to the Executive. The formula for calculating the amount of holiday due to the Executive and any payments or repayments to be made is 1/260 of the Executive’s annual basic salary. 7.12 Subject to the rights of the Company under clause 11.6 of this agreement, if the Executive during this agreement is incapacitated by ill health or accident from performing their duties under this agreement they will, during the period of any such incapacity be entitled to Company sick pay subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Company Sick Pay Scheme (full details of which have been supplied to the Executive) if and for so long as such Scheme remains in force but they shall not be entitled to receive any other remuneration under clause 7.1. 7.13 If the Executive is absent from work due to sickness or injury which is caused by the fault of another person, and as a consequence recovers from that person or another person any sum representing compensation for loss of salary under this agreement, the Executive will repay to the Company any money it has paid to the Executive as salary in respect of the same period of absence. 7.14 The Executive will comply at all times (including following termination of the Executive’s employment) with the Company’s share ownership guidelines as amended from time to time and available from the Corporate Secretariat. 7.15 Any payment or benefit made to the Executive under this Agreement is subject to and conditional on such approval by the shareholders of the Company as may be required by law The Company reserves the right to withhold or require
to produce receipts or other documents as proof that they have incurred any expenses they claim. 9 Confidentiality 9.1 Without prejudice to the common law duties which they owe to the Company, the Executive agrees that they will not, except in the proper performance of their duties, copy, use or disclose to any person any of the Company’s trade secrets or confidential information. This restriction will continue to apply after the termination of the Employment without limit in time but will not apply to trade secrets or confidential information which become public other than through unauthorised disclosure by the Executive. The Executive will use their best endeavours to prevent the unauthorised copying use or disclosure of such information. For the purposes of this agreement trade secrets and confidential information include but will not be limited to names of clients, suppliers, reports, papers, data and other confidential information in any form prepared by the Company or acquired by it and any other information in whatever form (written, oral, visual and electronic) concerning the confidential affairs of the Company 9.2 In the course of the Employment the Executive is likely to obtain trade secrets and confidential information belonging or relating to other Group Companies and other persons. They will treat such information as if it falls within the terms of clause 9.1 and clause 9.1 will apply with any necessary amendments to such information. If requested to do so by the Company the Executive will enter into an agreement with other Group Companies and any other persons in the same terms as clause 9.1 with any amendments necessary to give effect to this provision. 9.3 Nothing in this agreement will prevent the Executive from: 9.3.1 making a “protected disclosure” in accordance with the provisions of the Employment Rights Act 1996; 9.3.2 reporting an offence to a law enforcement agency; 9.3.3 co-operating with a criminal investigation or prosecution; 9.3.4 complying with an order of a court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction; 9.3.6 disclosing information for the purpose of seeking legal, medical or professional advice (provided that those professional advisers are and remain subject to a duty of confidentiality as regards that disclosure); 9.3.7 disclosing information to the relevant tax authorities in respect of the Executive’s personal tax affairs; or 9.3.8 making any disclosures which are required by law or regulatory requirements. 9.4 The Executive shall comply at all times with the Vodafone Global Information Security
Information and to decide whether the Invention, Work or Information belongs to the Company. The Company will treat any Invention, Work or Information which does not belong to it as confidential. “Invention’ means any invention (whether patentable or not within the meaning of the Patents Act 1977 or other applicable legislation in any other country) relating to or capable of being used in the business of the Company. “Work” means any discovery, design, database or other work (whether registrable or not and whether a copyright work or not) which is not an Invention and which the Executive creates or is involved in creating: 10.1.1 in connection with or in the course of their Employment; or 10.1.2 relating to or capable of being used in those aspects of the businesses of the Group Companies in which the Executive is involved. “Information” means any idea, method or information which is not an Invention or Work generated by the Executive either: 10.1.3 in connection with or in the course of the Employment, or 10.1.4 outside the course of the Employment, but relating to the business, finance or affairs of any Group Company. 10.2 The Executive is not entitled to any additional compensation for any Invention, Work or Information; such achievements are compensated by base salary 11 Termination and Suspension 11.1 The Employment will continue until terminated by either party giving written notice as set out in clause 11.2. 11.2 Either party may terminate the Employment by giving not less than twelve months’ written notice to the other. 11.3 The Company reserves the right, exercisable at any time and in its absolute discretion, to terminate the Executive’s employment with immediate effect by notice in writing that it is exercising its right to pay the Executive in lieu of the Executive’s notice period (or the remainder of such notice period). In such event, the Company shall pay the Executive the sums or sum calculated and payable in accordance with clause 11.5 (the Post-Employment Notice Pay). From the Termination Date until the date of expiry of the notice period under 11.2 (if notice had been served), the Executive shall be obliged to mitigate losses flowing from such termination subject only to abiding by the obligations as set out in clause 13. For the purposes of this clause and clause 11.5, the Executive’s obligation to mitigate shall be to take all reasonable steps to obtain (and commence) an Alternative Executive Position. 11.4 For the purposes of this clause 11, “Alternative Executive Position” shall mean any position
and (e) income derived from the proceeds of sale of any items or products designed and produced directly by the Executive. 11.5 The amount of the Post-Employment Notice Pay shall be such sum as the Executive would have received in base salary {at the rate in force at the Termination Date) throughout the remainder of the notice period (if it had been served) less the aggregate of: (a) any sums earned or received by the Executive from any position under a contract of employment, consultancy arrangement or otherwise whereby the Executive is directly or indirectly remunerated, whether by way of salary, bonus, pension, fees, equity or otherwise during the remainder of the notice period (if it had been served); and (b) deductions for income tax and employee’s national insurance contributions. The Post-Employment Notice Pay shall be payable in installments at the same intervals and on the same dates as salary payments would have been made to the Executive had the employment continued. The Executive shall provide to the Company a statement of all sums earned on a monthly basis from any alternative remunerated position and such other information as the Company may reasonably request in relation to the Executive’s search for an Alternative Executive Position. 11.6 The Company may terminate the Employment with immediate effect by giving written notice if the Executive does not perform the duties of the Employment for a period of 130 days (whether or not consecutive) in any period of 365 days because of sickness, injury or other incapacity. This notice can be given whilst the Executive continues not to perform their duties or on expiry of the 130-day period. In this clause, ‘days’ includes Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays. 11.7 The Company may terminate the Employment with immediate effect by giving written notice if the Executive: 11.7.1 after due notice, has not performed their duties under this agreement to the standard required by the Board or does not comply with any lawful order or direction given by the Board; or 11.7.2 commits any serious or persistent breach of their obligations under or does not comply with any material term of this agreement; or 11.7.3 is guilty of any gross misconduct or conducts themselves (whether in connection with the Employment or not) in a way which is harmful to any Group Company; or 11.7.4 is guilty of dishonesty or is convicted of a criminal offence (other than a motoring offence which does not result in imprisonment) whether in connection with the
11.7.9 is no longer entitled to work in the United Kingdom or such other jurisdiction in which the Executive is required to work; or 11.7.10 resigns (other than at the request of the Company) as a director of any Group Company, or becomes disqualified from being a director of a company. 11.8 When the Company terminates the Employment by giving written notice to take immediate effect in accordance with either clause 11.6 or 11.7, for the avoidance of doubt there is no obligation to give notice as set out in clause 11.1 or any other period of notice to make any payment in lieu of notice. 11.9 The Executive will have no claim for damages or any other remedy against the Company if the Employment is terminated for any of the reasons set out in clause 11.6 or 11.7. 11.10 When the Employment terminates the Company may deduct from any money due to the Executive (including remuneration) any amount which the Executive owes to any Group Company. 11.11 The Company may suspend the Executive from the Employment on full salary at any time, and for any reason for a reasonable period to investigate any matter in which the Executive is implicated or involved (whether directly or indirectly) and to conduct any related disciplinary proceedings (including any appeals). 12 Garden Leave 12.1 Neither the Company nor any Group Company is under any obligation to provide the Executive with any work. At any time after notice to terminate the Employment is given by either party under clause 11 above, or if the Executive resigns without giving due notice and the Company does not accept the resignation, the Company may require the Executive to comply with any or all of the provisions in clauses 12.2 and 12.3 for all or part of the remainder of the notice period (the “Garden Leave Period”). 12.2 The Executive will not, without prior written consent of the Board, be employed or otherwise engaged in the conduct of any activity, whether or not of a business nature during the Garden Leave Period. Further, the Executive will not, unless requested by the Company: 12.2.1 enter or attend the premises of the Company or any other Group Company; or 12.2.2 contact or have any communication with any customer or client of the Company or any other Group Company in relation to the business of the Company or any other Group Company; or 12.2.3 contact or have any communication with any employee, officer, director, agent or consultant of the Company or any other Group Company in relation to the business of the Company or
consequence or requirement of the Employment, unless they are required to perform duties to which any such directorship relates in which case they may retain such directorships while those duties are ongoing. The Executive hereby irrevocably appoints the Company to be the Executive’s attorney to execute any instrument and do anything in the Executive’s name and on the Executive’s behalf to effect their resignation if they fail to do so in accordance with this clause 12.3.2. 12.4 During the Garden Leave Period: 12.4.1 the Executive shall provide such assistance as the Company or any Group Company may require to effect an orderly handover of the Executive’s responsibilities to any individual or individuals appointed by the Company or any Group Company to take over their roles or responsibilities; 12.4.2 the Executive shall make themselves available to deal with requests for information, provide assistance, be available for meetings and to advise on matters relating to work (unless the Company has agreed the Executive may be unavailable for a period, for example during any period expressly booked and taken as holiday in accordance with the Company’s annual leave policy from time to time); and 12.4.3 the Company may appoint another person to carry out their duties in substitution for the Executive. 12.5 During the Garden Leave Period, the Executive will be entitled to receive their salary and all contractual benefits (for example, Company car, if any) in accordance with the terms of this agreement Any unused holiday accrued at the commencement of the Garden Leave Period and any holiday accrued during any such Garden Leave Period will be deemed to be taken by the Executive during the Garden Leave Period. If the amount of accrued holiday exceeds the length of the Garden Leave Period, the amount of accrued holiday shall be reduced by the length of the Garden Leave Period. 12.6 At the end of the Garden Leave Period, the Company may, but shall not in any way be obliged, to exercise its rights under clause 11.3 and clause 11.5 to pay the Executive the pay for any unexpired period of notice in lieu of the balance of any period of notice given by the Company or the Executive, less any deductions the Company is required by law to make. 12.7 All duties of the Employment (whether express or implied), including without limitation the Executive’s duties of fidelity, good faith and exclusive service, shall continue throughout the Garden Leave Period save as expressly varied by this clause. 13 Restrictions
company engaged in) any business which is or is about to be in competition with any business of the Company or any other Group Company being carried on by such company at the Relevant Date provided they were concerned or involved with that business to a material extent at any time during the 12 months prior to the Relevant Date; 13.2.2 during the Restricted Period they will not (either on their own behalf or for or with any other person), whether directly or indirectly, canvass or solicit in competition with the Company or any other Group Company the custom of any person who at any time during the 12 months prior to the Relevant Date was a customer of, or in the habit of dealing with, the Company or (as the case may be) any other Group Company and in respect of whom the Executive had access to confidential information or with whose custom or business the Executive was personally concerned or employees reporting directly to them were personally concerned; 13.2.3 during the Restricted Period they will not (either on their own behalf or for or with any other person), whether directly or indirectly, deal with or otherwise accept in competition with the Company or any Group Company the custom of any person who was at any time during the 12 months prior to the Relevant Date a customer of, or in the habit of dealing with, the Company or (as the case may be) any Group Company and in respect of whom the Executive had access to confidential information or with whose custom or business the Executive was personally concerned; 13.2.4 during the Restricted Period they will not (either on their own behalf or for or with any other person), whether directly or indirectly, canvass or solicit in competition with the Company or any other Group Company the custom of any person who was negotiating with the Company or any other Group Company for the supply of goods or services (whether as customer, client, supplier, agent or distributor of the Company) during the six months prior to the Relevant Date or who was a potential customer to whom the Executive had made a presentation or a pitch and in respect of whom the Executive had access to confidential information or with whose custom or business the Executive was personally concerned; and 13.2.5 during the Restricted Period they will not (either on their own behalf or for or with any other person), whether directly or indirectly, entice or try to entice away from the Company or any other Group Company any person who was an F band employee or higher
14 Offers on Liquidation The Executive will have no claim against the Company if the Employment is terminated by reason of liquidation in order to reconstruct or amalgamate the Company or by reason of any reorganisation of the Company and the Executive is offered employment with the company succeeding to the Company upon such liquidation or reorganisation and the new terms of employment offered to the Executive are no less favourable to them than the terms of this agreement. 15 Return of Company Property 15.1 At any time during the Employment (at the request of the Company) and in any event when the Employment terminates, the Executive will immediately return to the Company: 15.1.1 all documents and other materials (whether originals or copies) made or compiled by or delivered to the Executive during the Employment and concerning all the Group Companies. The Executive will not retain any copies of any materials or other information; and 15.1.2 all other property belonging or relating to any of the Group Companies. 15.2 When the Employment terminates (or, if requested, upon commencement of any Garden Leave Period in accordance with clause 12) the Executive will immediately return to the Company any car provided to the Executive which is in the possession or under the control of the Executive. 16 Directorships 16.1 The Executive’s office as a director of the Company or any other Group Company is subject to the Articles of Association of the relevant company (as amended from time to time). If the provisions of this agreement conflict with the provisions of the Articles of Association, the Articles of Association will prevail. 16.2 The Executive must resign from any office held in any Group Company if they are asked to do so by the Company at any time. 16.3 If the Executive does not resign as an officer of a Group Company, having been requested to do so in accordance with clause 16.2, the Company will be appointed as their attorney to effect their resignation. By entering into this agreement, the Executive irrevocably appoints the Company as their attorney to act on their behalf to execute any document or do anything in the Executive’s name necessary to effect their resignation in accordance with clause 16.2. If there is any doubt as to whether such a document (or other thing) has been carried out within the authority conferred by this clause 16.3, a certificate in writing (signed by any director or the secretary of the Company) will be sufficient to prove that the act or thing falls within that
16.6 The Executive must not resign their office as a director of any Group Company without the agreement of the Company. 17 Notices 17.1 Any notices given under this agreement must be given by email or letter. Notice to the Company must be addressed to its registered office at the time the notice is given. Notice to the Executive must be given to them personally or sent to the last known address. 17.2 Notices given by post will be deemed to have been given on the next working day after the day of posting. Notices given by hand or email will be deemed to have been given in the ordinary course of transmission. 18 Statutory Particulars 18.1 The written particulars of employment which the Executive is entitled to receive under the provisions of Part I of the Employment Rights Act 1996 are set out below, insofar as they are not set out elsewhere in this agreement or in any other documents provided with this agreement. 18.1.1 the Executive’s continuous period of employment began on the date on which their most recent employment with the Company or any Group Company commenced. 18.1.2 The Company’s disciplinary rules and disciplinary and grievance procedures as set out in the Employee Handbook from time to time are applicable to the Executive. These rules and procedures shall not form part of this Agreement and the Company reserves the right to vary or depart from them, and/or leave out any or all of their stages, where it considers it appropriate to do so. 18.1.3 The Company’s normal hours of work are 8.30am to 5.15pm Monday to Thursday and 8.30am to 4.00pm on Friday 18.1.4 There are no terms and conditions relating to collective agreements. 18.1.5 The Executive shall not be required to spend more than one month in any calendar year working outside of the United Kingdom. 18.1.6 The Executive shall be provided with access to such training as the Company may deem necessary in order for the Executive to fulfil their duties under this Agreement. 18.1.7 The Executive may be entitled to paid leave other than that specified in clause 7 of this Agreement Details may be obtained from the Corporate Secretariat. 18.2 The authorisation of the Company to request a medical examination is governed under the Access to Medical Reports Act (1988). 19 The General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018 19.1 The Group Companies and its or their employees and agents may from time to time hold, process and disclose the Executive’s personal data (including sensitive personal data)
Employee Handbook in force from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt processing of the Executive’s personal data shall be necessary for the performance of this agreement, for compliance with the Company’s (or any other relevant Group Company’s) legal obligations and/or for the purposes of the legitimate interests of the Company or any other relevant Group Company. Such processing may include, but is not limited to: 19.1.1 administering and maintaining personnel records; 19.1.2 paying and reviewing salary and other remuneration and benefits; 19.1.3 providing and administering benefits (including if relevant, pension, life assurance, permanent health insurance and medical insurance); 19.1.4 undertaking performance appraisals and reviews; 19.1.5 maintaining sickness and other absence records; 19.1.6 taking decisions as to the Executive’s fitness for work; 19.1.7 providing references and information to future employers, and if necessary, governmental and quasi-governmental bodies (including HM Revenue and Customs) for social security and other purposes; 19.1.8 providing information to future purchasers of the Company or of the business in which the Executive works; and 19.1.9 transferring information concerning the Executive to relevant Group functions and the central Group processing centres which may not be located in the same country as the Executive’s employment and may be outside of the European Economic Area. 19.2 The Executive acknowledges that during their Employment they will have access to and process, or authorise the processing of, personal data and sensitive personal data relating to employees, customers and other individuals held and controlled by the Company and/or other Group Companies. The Executive agrees to comply with the terms of the Data Protection Laws in relation to such data and to abide by the Company’s Privacy Management Policy and any other data protection policy in force from time to time. This shall include, for the avoidance of doubt, compliance with any Vodafone policies relevant to systems access and use, data retention and social media and instant messaging use. 19.3 Vodafone understands the importance that employees place on their personal information. As an employer, the Company (and any other relevant Group Companies) collects, processes and stores employee personal information as described above. Understanding and respecting employees’ individual rights over their personal information is a key part of Vodafone’s passion for
specifically excluded from this agreement, although this does not affect any other right or remedy of any third party which exists or is available other than under this Act. 21 Indemnification and Insurance 21.1 To the extent permitted by law, the Executive will have the benefit of the following indemnity in relation to liability incurred in their capacity as a director of the Company: 21.1.1 The Company will provide funds to cover the costs as incurred by the Executive in defending legal proceedings brought against them in their capacity as, or as a result of them being or having been, a director of the Company including criminal proceedings and proceedings brought by the Company itself or any other Group Company; 21.1.2 The Company will indemnify the Executive in respect of any proceedings brought by third parties, including both legal and financial costs of an adverse judgement brought against them in their capacity as, or as a result of them being or having been, a director of the Company; and 21.1.3 The Company will indemnify the Executive for liability incurred in connection with any application made to a court for relief from liability, where the court grants such relief. For the avoidance of any doubt, the indemnity granted does not cover: 21.1.4 unsuccessful defence of criminal proceeding, in which instance the company would seek reimbursement for any funds advanced; 21.1.5 unsuccessful defence of an action brought by the Company itself or any other Group Company, in which instance the Company would seek reimbursement for any funds advanced; 21.1.6 fines imposed by the regulatory bodies; 21.1.7 fines imposed in criminal proceedings; and 21.1.8 liability incurred in connection with any application under Section 661(3) or (4) of the Companies Act 2006 (acquisition of shares by innocent nominee) or section 1157 of the Companies Act 2006 (general power to grant relief in case of honest and reasonable conduct) where the court refuses to grant the Executive relief, and such refusal is final. 21.2 It is a condition of the provision of this indemnity that the Executive shall notify the Company without delay upon becoming aware of any claim or potential claim against them and that the Executive shall have a duty to mitigate any loss incurred. 21.3 In addition to the indemnity referred to in clause 21.1 and 21.2 above, the Executive will be covered by such directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy as is in force for directors of the Company from time to time. 22 Miscellaneous 22.1 This agreement may only be
    Exhibit 4.27

5.2.2 article 62 is amended to read as follows — “The Directors may, whenever they think fit, convene an extraordinary general meeting, and extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on such requisition, or, in default, may be convened by such requisitionists, as provided by Section 132 of the Act. If at any time there are not sufficient Directors capable of acting to form a quorum, any two Directors, any Director appointed by VKL in accordance with Article 89(b) any Director appointed by PST in accordance with Article 89(c) or any ten Members of the Company may convene an extraordinary general meeting in the same manner as nearly as possible as that in which meetings may be convened by the Directors.”-, 5.2.3 article 67 is amended to read as follows — “No business shall be transacted at any general meeting unless a quorum of Members is present at the time when the meeting proceeds to business; save as herein otherwise provided, fifty-Members present in person or by proxy or represented in accordance with Article 88, together holding in aggregate not less than forty percent (40%) of the issued share capital of the Company shall be a quorum.”-, 5.2.4 article 89(a) is amended to read as follows — “(a) Unless and until otherwise from time to time determined by a special resolution of the Company, the number of Directors (excluding alternates) shall not be less than seven (7) nor more than eleven-(44)] and shall include Independent non-executive Directors a majority of who shall be of Kenyan citizenship.”-, 5.2.5 article 89(b) is amended to read as follows — “So long as VKL holds ten percent 10%> or more of the nominal value of the issued as fully paid share capital of the Company excluding any shares hereafter issued pursuant to any share issuance to Article 13 (c), VKL shall have the right to appoint, remove or replace (up to a maximum of 4 such nominated directors) one Director as their its nominee in respect of each and every complete (10%) held by VKL of the issued and fully paid share capital of the Company excluding any shares hereafter issued pursuant to any share issuance to Article 13 (c). All appointments, removals or replacements of Directors in respect hereof shall be by notice in writing served upon the Company Secretary.”-, 5.2.6 article 89(c) is amended to read as follows — “So long as PST holds ten percent (10%) or more of the nominal value of the issued and fully paid share capital of the Company, excluding any shares hereafter issued pursuant to any issuance of shares
8 one Director as their nominee in respect of each and every complete ten percent (10%) (based on its shareholding in the Company as rounded up to two decimal places) held by PST of the issued and fully paid share capital of the Company excluding any shares hereafter issued pursuant to Article 13(c). All appointments, removals or replacements of Directors in respect hereof shall be by notice in writing served upon the Company Secretary.”-, 5.2.7 article 97 is amended to read as follows — “Subject to Article 97A. Aany Director may appoint another Director or any person (provided that with the exception of the alternates of any Directors nominated in accordance with Article 89 (b) and 89 (c) any such person has received the approval of the Board) to be his Alternate to act in his place at any meetings of the Board at which he is unable to be present. Such appointee shall be entitled, in the absence of his appointer to exercise all the rights and powers of a Director and to attend and vote at meetings of the Board at which his appointor is not personally present and, where he is a Director, to have a separate vote on behalf of his appointor in addition to his own vote. Subject to Article 97A, Aa Director may, at any time, revoke the appointment of an Alternate appointed by him. The remuneration of an Alternate shall be payable out of the remuneration if any of his appointor and shall be such proportion thereof as shall be agreed between them”; 5.2.8 the insertion of a new article 97A that reads as follows — “For as long as VKL holds more than 50% of the nominal value of the issued as fully paid share capital of the Company excluding any shares hereafter issued pursuant to any share issuance to Article 13(c). any alternate director to the Chief Executive Officer shall be appointed by VKL. provided that VKL shall also have the right to remove or replace such alternate director”; 5.2.9 article 102 is amended to read as follows — “The business of the Company including but not limited to its business and operations shall be managed by the Directors who may pay all expenses incurred in promoting the Company, and may exercise all such powers of the Company as are not, by the Act or by these Articles, required to be exercised or approved by any Shareholder of the Company in ata generai meeting and-the exercise of the said powers shall be subject also to the control and regulation-of any general meeting of the Company, but provided that no resolution of the Company in general meeting shall invalidate any prior act of the
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.# the-following matters shall not be deemed to have been passed unless at least seventy- five percent (75%) of the Directors vote in favor of the resolution3: a) The approval of any business plan or the material modification of any existing business plan; or b)-The approval of the annual budget or the material modification to any part of an approved annual budget; or c) The appointment of the Managing Director/Ghief Executive-Officerr-or d) The appointment of the Financial Director/Chief Financial Officer; or e) Any material change to the Company’s brand”; 5.2.10 article 103 is amended to read as follows — “The Directors may subject to the provisions of Article 102 from time to time appoint one or more of-their body to the office of Managing Director or Manager a Chief Executive Officer as an executive director of the Company, from a list of nominees provided by VKL (for as long as VKL holds more than 50% of the nominal value of the issued as fully paid share capital of the Company excluding any shares hereafter issued pursuant to any share issuance to Article 13(c)), for such period and on such terms and with such powers, and at such remuneration (whether by way of salary, or commission, or participation in profits, or partly in one way, and partly in another), as they may think fit and, subject to the terms of any agreement entered into in any particular case, may revoke any such appointment. Without prejudice to any right to treat such determination as a breach of any such agreement as aforesaid the appointment of such a Director to office as aforesaid shall be subject to determination ipso facto if he ceases from any cause to be a Director, or if the Company in general meeting resolves that his tenure of the office of Managing Director or Managerchief Executive Officer be determined. The Directors shall encourage the retention of a predominantly Kenyan character in the Senior Management and Executive Committee of the Company”; 5.2.11 article 108 is amended as follows — “A Director may contract with and be interested in any way, whether directly or indirectly, in any actual or proposed contract or arrangement with the Company, either as vendor, purchaser or otherwise, and shall not be liable to account for any profit made by him by
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”. the Act. No Director, other than any Director nominated by VKL, shall vote as a Director in respect of any contract or arrangement in which he is interested and, if he does vote, his vote shall not be counted but he shall, nevertheless, be counted in the quorum present at the meeting. For the purposes of this Article 108, a Director’s interest includes any interest of a Connected Person. These prohibitions may, at any time, be suspended or relaxed, to any extent, by the Company in general meeting and they shall not apply: (a) to any arrangement for giving a Director any security for advances or by way of indemnity or to any allotment to or any contract or arrangement for the underwriting or subscription by a Director of shares or securities of the Company; or (b) To any contract or dealing in which the Director is interested by reason only of his being a director or other officer, employee or nominee of any Government or corporation or company which, being a Member of the Company or holding shares in a corporation or company which is a Member of the Company, is interested in such contract or dealing whether directly or Indirectly and this exception shall not cease to have effect merely by reason of the fact that the Director is also a shareholder or creditor of any such Government, corporation or company or of any corporation or Company in which it is interested. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article Directors that are appointed by VKL shall, in consideration of expansion and investment decisions of the Company whose effect is to put the Company directly or indirectly in competition with VKL Director’s interest vote in the best interest of the Company with due regard to their fiduciary duties to the Company.’1 {a) Directors that are appointed by VKL- shall be excluded from voting-en agreements directly related to M-PESA and the mobile money platform, to which a Vodafone group-member and the Company are parties. fb) Directors that are appointed by VKL shall, in consideration of expansion and investment decisions of the Company whose effect is to put the Company directly or indirectly in competition with VKL Director’s interest,-vote in the best interest of the Company with due regard to their fiduciary duties to -the Company?1 5.2.12 the
11 shares hereafter issued pursuant to any share issuance to Article 13(c), any Director appointed by VKL in terms of Article 89(b) and as nominated in writing by VKL from time-to-time (which nomination may be revoked and substituted by VKL at its election at any point in time) shall have a casting vote.”: 5.2.13 article 117 is amended to read as follows — “The quorum necessary for the transaction of the business of the Directors shall be a majority in number of the Directors for the time present either personally or by Alternate, provided that at least one Director appointed by VKL every person having exercised the right to appoint a Director in accordance with Article 89(b) or 89(c) shall be present and provided further that one person whether a Director or not, although a duly appointed Alternate for any number of Directors, shall not constitute a quorum”: 5.2.14 article 124 is amended to read as follows — “Subject to the provisions of Article 102, a resolution in writing signed or approved by way of electronic means or communication by a majority of the Directors including at least one Director appointed by VKL every-person having exercised the right to appoint a Directenin accordance with Article 89(b)-er-89fG), or of all the Members of a committee, shall be as valid and effectual as if it had been passed at a meeting of the Directors or of the committee (as the case may be) duly convened and held. Such resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed or approved by ail the Directors or ail the Members of the committee concerned.”: 5.2.15 article 131 is amended to read as follows — “The Directors may from time to time pay to the Members such interim dividends (including therein the fixed dividends payable upon any preference or other shares at stated times) as appear to the Directors to be justified by the profits of the Company,. provided that, notwithstanding article 134. the Directors shall be obliged at all times, including in their recommendation to the Company in general meeting as contemplated in Article 130. to comply with the dividend policy approved by the Directors, unless otherwise approved by the Company in general meeting”: and 5.2.16 article 134 is amended to read as follows — “The Directors may, before recommending any dividend and subject to article 131. set aside out of the profits of the Company such sums as they think proper as a reserve or reserves which shall, at the discretion of the Directors, be applicable for any purpose to which the profits of the
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”. that, for so long as VKL is able to exercise any degree of control or influence over the Company — 7.3.1 for a period of three years following the Effective Date, the Company does not embark on any retrenchment of redundancy process, other than in the ordinary course of business; 7.3.2 there are no changes to the executive committee of the Company as constituted on the Effective Date without the consent of the Chief Executive Officer, unless otherwise determined by the Board; 7.3.3 for a period of three years following the Effective Date, there are no significant changes to the identity of the local suppliers to the Company, other than in the ordinary course of business; and 7.3.4 a minimum of 80% of the trustees of the Safaricom Foundation and the M-Pesa Foundation and any future foundations established by the Company will be citizens of Kenya and all funds of such foundations shall be utilised for projects in Kenya. 7.4 For purposes of this clause, “ordinary course of business” means actions consistent in nature, scope, and magnitude with the Company’s past practice prior to the Signature Date and undertaken in the ordinary and usual course of day-to-day operations. 8 RECORDAL ON THE STATUS OF THE COMPANY The Parties hereby record that, on and with effect from the Effective Date and for so long as VKL is able to exercise the majority of the voting rights in the Company, the Company will, subject to any applicable laws, be a subsidiary of VKL and as such, the Company is expected to adhere to VKL’s applicable delegation of authority, group policies, standards, procedures and programs (including financial reporting, governance, legal, compliance, ethics, risk management, procurement and operational policies), being those of VKL’s holding company, VGL and the GOK hereby supports such adherence. 9 APPOINTMENT OF CEO AND CHAIRMAN OF THE COMPANY 9.1 The Parties acknowledge that the right to appoint any Chairman or Chief Executive Officer of the Company vests in the Board. 9.2 VKL hereby undertakes, insofar as possible and provided it is aware of the potential appointment, to notify and consult with the GOK prior to the Board appointing or replacing a Chairman and/or Chief Executive Officer. 9.3 VKL
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.# 16 12.5.2 to any competent regulatory or supervisory authority, including, without limitation, the Capital Markets Authority, the Central Bank of Kenya, the Communications Authority, the Competition Authority of Kenya, or any law-enforcement agency, in each case, to the extent such disclosure is required or reasonably considered necessary for the performance of statutory or constitutional functions. 12.6 The obligation of confidentiality placed on the Parties in terms of this clause 12 shall cease to apply to a Recipient in respect of any information which — 12.6.1 is or becomes generally available to the public other than by the negligence or default of the Recipient or by the breach of this Agreement by the Recipient; 12.6.2 the Disclosing Party confirms in writing is disclosed on a non-confidential basis; 12.6.3 has lawfully become known by or come into the possession of the Recipient on a non- confidential basis from a source other than the Disclosing Party having the legal right to disclose same, provided that such knowledge or possession is evidenced by the written records of the Recipient existing at the Signature Date; or 12.6.4 is disclosed pursuant to a requirement or request by operation of law, regulation or court order, to the extent of compliance with such requirement or request only and not for any other purpose, provided that — 12.6.5 the onus shall at all times rest on the Recipient to establish that information falls within the exclusions set out in clauses 12.6.1 to 12.6.4; 12.6.6 information will not be deemed to be within the foregoing exclusions merely because such information is embraced by more general information in the public domain or in the Recipient’s possession; and 12.6.7 any combination of features will not be deemed to be within the foregoing exclusions merely because individual features are in the public domain or in the Recipient’s possession, but only if the combination itself and its principle of operation are in the public domain or in the Recipient’s possession. 12.7 In the event that the Recipient is required to disclose confidential information of the Disclosing Party as contemplated in clause 12.6.4, the Recipient will — 12.7.1 advise the Disclosing Party thereof in writing prior to disclosure, if possible; 12.7.2 take such steps to
12.7.3 afford the Disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity, if possible, to intervene in the proceedings; 12.7.4 comply with the Disclosing Party’s reasonable requests as to the manner and terms of any such disclosure; and 12.7.5 notify the Disclosing Party of the recipient of, and the form and extent of, any such disclosure or announcement immediately after it is made. 12.8 The Disclosing Party and the Recipient (as independent controllers) undertake to comply with their respective obligations under any applicable laws to the extent any confidential information includes information relating to personal information, and to provide reasonable assistance to each other in furtherance of such compliance. Each Party undertakes to provide personal information to the other Party in accordance with any applicable laws. 12.9 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the VKL shall be entitled to disclose confidential information relating to or connected with this Agreement to VGL and Vodafone Group Public Limited Company, and their subsidiary companies. 13 PUBLICITY 13.1 Subject to clause 13.3, each Party undertakes to keep confidential and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law (including by the rules of any recognised securities exchange, where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, content or existence of this Agreement and any and all information given by a Party to the other Party pursuant to this Agreement. 13.2 No announcements of any nature whatsoever will be made by or on behalf of a Party relating to this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, save for any announcement or other statement required to be made in terms of the provisions of any law or by the rules of any recognised securities exchange, in which event (i) the Party obliged to make such statement will first share such announcement or other statement with the other Party before publishing it; and (ii) the content of such announcement or other statement, must go no further than is required in terms of such law or rules. This will not apply to a Party wishing to respond to the other Party which has made an announcement of some nature in breach of this clause 12. 13.3 This clause 12 shall not apply to any disclosure made by a Party to its professional advisors or consultants or to any of its bankers, financiers or potential financiers or to any potential investor in the Company or in any business of the Company, provided that they have agreed to the same
CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”. 14 SUPPORT The Parties undertake at all times to do all such things, perform all such actions and take all such steps and to procure the doing of all such things, the performance of all such actions and the taking of all such steps as may be open to them and necessary for or incidental to the putting into effect or maintenance of the terms, conditions and/or import of this Agreement. 15 BREACH 15.1 In the event that either of the Parties (“Defaulting Party”) commits a breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within a period of 5 business days after receipt of a written notice from the other Party (“Aggrieved Party”) calling upon the Defaulting Party so to remedy, then the Aggrieved Party shall only be entitled to claim specific performance of the terms of this Agreement and/or to claim and recover damages from the Defaulting Party, but shall not be entitled to cancel or otherwise terminate this Agreement. 15.2 The Parties agree that any costs awarded will be recoverable on an attorney-and-own- client scale unless the court specifically determines that such scale shall not apply, in which event the costswill be recoverable in accordance with the applicable court tariff, determined on an attorney-and-client scale. 16 DISPUTE RESOLUTION 16.1 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination or the legal relationships established by this Agreement (“Dispute”) shall first be referred, by any Party to the Dispute and within fifteen (15) business days of the other relevant Party/ies to the Dispute receiving notice of the Dispute, for negotiation and consultation between, as applicable, a director of VKL and the Cabinet Secretary to the National Treasury on behalf of the GOK. 16.2 If the Dispute referred to the aforementioned persons is not resolved in writing within fifteen (15) business days of such referral, such Dispute shall be referred to and shall be exclusively and finally resolved by arbitration under the Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (“LCIA Rules”) (in effect at the time of the arbitration) which LCIA Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause 16. 16.3 The Parties hereby agree that for the
16.3.3 the arbitration shall be conducted in private and the Parties shall treat as confidential the existence of the Dispute submitted to arbitration, all pleadings, written evidence, and other materials produced in the arbitration, and all orders and awards, except to the extent that disclosure is required by law, by a competent regulatory or supervisory authority, or for the purposes of enforcing or challenging an award; and 16.3.4 the seat, or legal place, of the arbitration shall be London. 16.4 The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties to the Dispute and the Parties thereto hereby undertake to comply with any award without undue delay and judgment upon any award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. 16.5 Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent or prohibit a Party from applying to any court of competent jurisdiction for interim or conservatory measures, and any such application shall not be incompatible with this agreement to arbitrate or regarded as a waiver of it. 16.6 In the event that an arbitration under this clause 16 has commenced and is still pending (“Pending Arbitration”) when another dispute arises under, or in connection with this Agreement or any other transaction document is submitted to arbitration (“New Dispute”), each of the Parties hereby agrees that, upon the request for arbitration filed in the New Dispute indicating that the claimant in the New Dispute require a consolidation of the New Dispute with the Pending Arbitration, the New Dispute shall be consolidated with the Pending Arbitration in accordance with LCIA Rules, unless the arbitrators appointed in the pending arbitration determines in their absolute discretion that to do so would unreasonably disrupt or delay the Pending Arbitration. 16.1 7 If the aforementioned arbitrators determine that consolidation is not to be permitted, the claimant in the New Dispute shall be dealt with in accordance with this clause 16 as a separate Dispute. 16.8 This clause 16 will continue to be binding on the Parties notwithstanding any termination or cancellation of the Agreement. 16.9 The Parties declare that it is their intention that this clause 16 will regulate the manner in which they will resolve any Dispute regarding the validity or otherwise of this Agreement, regardless of the fact that one of the parties may dispute the validity or enforceability of the Agreement. 16.10 The Parties agree that any issues regarding the jurisdiction of the arbitrator, the agreement to arbitrate, and the arbitrability of any Dispute are issues solely for
22 and no single or partial exercise of any right by either Party under this Agreement, shall in any circumstances be construed to be an implied consent or election by that Party or operate as a waiver or a novation of or otherwise affect any of its rights in terms of or arising from this Agreement or estop or preclude it from enforcing at any time and without notice, strict and punctual compliance with each and every provision or term hereof. Failure or delay on the part of either Party in exercising any right, power or privilege under this Agreement will not constitute or be deemed to be a waiver thereof, nor will any single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. 20.4 No Waiver or Suspension of Rights No waiver, suspension or postponement by either Party of any right arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be of any force or effect unless in writing and signed by that Party. Any such waiver, suspension or postponement will be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose given. 20.5 Provisions Severable All provisions and the various clauses of this Agreement are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any provision or clause of this Agreement, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any other reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining provisions and clauses of this Agreement shall remain of full force and effect. The Parties declare that it is their intention that this Agreement would be executed without such unenforceable provision if they were aware of such unenforceability at the time of execution hereof. 20.6 Continuing Effectiveness of Certain Provisions The expiration or termination of this Agreement shall not affect such of the provisions of this Agreement as expressly provide that they will operate after any such expiration or termination or which of necessity must continue to have effect after such expiration or termination, notwithstanding that the clauses themselves do not expressly provide for this. 20.7 No Assignment Neither this Agreement nor any part, share or interest herein nor any rights or obligations hereunder may be ceded, delegated or assigned by either Party without the prior signed written consent of the other, save
    Exhibit 4.28

    Exhibit 4.29

                                                                                                                Exhibit 4.30

    CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
      BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.

                                                                                                                       EXECUTION




                                                18 February 2026




                                            VODAFONE EUROPE B.V.


                                                         AND


                                   VODAFONE INTERNATIONAL 1 S.À R.L.


                                                         AND


                                        LIBERTY GLOBAL HOLDING B.V.


                                                         AND


                                  LIBERTY GLOBAL BROADBAND I LIMITED



                                                          
                                       SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT
                                relating to 50 per cent. of the issued share capital
                                   of VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V. and the
                                           other matters set forth herein

                                                           


                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                              1.      Sale and Purchase                                                 5
                                                                                                                                  
                              2.      Consideration                                                     5
                                                                                                                               
                              3.      Leakage                                                           7
                              4.      Pre-Closing Undertakings                                          9
                              5.      Telenet Transactions                                             13
                              6.      Conditions to Closing                                            17
                              7.      Closing                                                          27
                              8.      Specific Indemnities                                             28
                              9.      Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties                                     33
                              10.     BeneluxCo Warranties                                             33
                              11.     LG Warranties                                                    34
                              12.     Termination                                                      35
                              13.     Terminating Intra-Group Arrangements                             35
                              14.     Obligations of the LG Shareholder                                36
                              15.     Information, Records and Assistance Post-Closing                 37
                              16.     Restrictive Covenants                                            38
                              17.     Payments                                                         41
                              18.     Costs                                                            42
                              19.     Announcements                                                    43
                              20.     Confidentiality                                                  44
                              21.     Assignment                                                       46
                              22.     Further Assurances                                               47
                              23.     Notices                                                          48
                              24.     Conflict with other Agreements                                   49
                              25.     Whole Agreement                                                  49
                              26.     Waivers, Rights and Remedies                                     50
                              27.     No double recovery                                               50
                              28.     Counterparts                                                     50
                              29.     Variations                                                       51
                              30.     Invalidity                                                       51
                              31.     Third Party Enforcement Rights                                   51
                              32.     Governing Law                                                    51
                              33.     ICC Arbitration                                                  51
                              34.     Agent for Service of Process                                     52
                              [***]
        

                                                                                                                   Page 2 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                              Schedule 11 Definitions and Interpretation                               99
                                                                                                                                  
                              [***]
                                                                                                                               


                              Agreed Form documents:
                                   BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps

                                   Brand Licence Agreement Term Sheet

                                   Deed of Amendment

                                   Deed of Transfer of Contract

                                   [***]

                                   LG Services Agreements SHA

                                   VF Framework Services Agreement

                                   VF Procurement Term Sheet
        

                                                                                                                   Page 3 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                                              SALE AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT
                                                                                                                                  
                                             dated           18 February            2026
                                                                                                                               
        PARTIES
        
        (1) VODAFONE EUROPE B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met
            beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in Rotterdam, the Netherlands
            and its office address at Rivium Quadrant 173, 2909LC Capelle aan den IJssel, the Netherlands,
            registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under number 27166573
            (the Seller);
        
        (2) VODAFONE INTERNATIONAL 1 S.À R.L., a company incorporated under the laws of
            Luxembourg, with its registered office at 15, Rue Edward Steichen, L – 2540 Luxembourg (the
            Loan Seller, the Seller and the Loan Seller together being, the Vodafone Sellers);
        
        (3) LIBERTY GLOBAL HOLDING B.V., a private company with limited liability (besloten
            vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with corporate seat (statutaire zetel) in
            Amsterdam, the Netherlands and its office address at Boeingavenue 53, 1119PE Schiphol-Rijk, the
            Netherlands, registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce under
            number 34242712 (BeneluxCo); and
        
        (4) LIBERTY GLOBAL BROADBAND I LIMITED, a private company incorporated in England and
            Wales with limited liability with its registered address at 120 King’s Road, London, England, SW3
            4TR and registered number 09382062 (the LG Shareholder),

        (each a Party in this Agreement and together, the Parties).

        Words and expressions used in this Agreement shall be interpreted in accordance with Schedule 11
        (Definitions and Interpretation).

        IT IS AGREED:

        PREAMBLE
        
        (A) The Seller is the legal and beneficial holder of 52 ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 1
            each in the capital of the VZ Company (the Sale Shares), which as at the date of this Agreement
            comprise 50 per cent. of the entire issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the VZ Company,
            being 104 ordinary shares with a nominal value of EUR 1 each. As at the date of this Agreement,
            the legal and beneficial holder of the remaining 50 per cent. of the issued and outstanding
            ordinary shares of the VZ Company is Liberty Global Benelux B.V., an indirect wholly owned
            subsidiary of the LG Shareholder.
        
        (B) In addition, the Loan Seller holds the rights and obligations under the VF Shareholder Loan
            Agreements.
        
        (C) The Vodafone Sellers wish to sell and transfer, and BeneluxCo wishes to purchase and acquire, the
            Sale Shares and the VF Shareholder Loans for
        

                                                                                                                   Page 4 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               consideration consisting of the Cash Consideration and the Consideration Shares on the terms and
              subject to the conditions of this Agreement such that, following completion of the BeneluxCo                        
               Reorganisation Steps and subject to Closing, BeneluxCo will be the sole legal and beneficial holder
               of the entire issued and outstanding share capital of the VZ Company and of the rights and
               obligations under the VF Shareholder Loans, in addition to being the sole legal and beneficial
               holder of the Telenet Companies (subject to Clause 5 in relation to Wyre Holdco and its direct and
               indirect subsidiaries) and of PlatformCo, all on the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
        
        (D)    The required notifications in relation to the proposed sale of the Sale Shares have been made in
               accordance with the provisions of the SER Merger Code.
        
        1.     Sale and Purchase
        
        1.1    On Closing:
        
               (a)    the Seller shall sell the Sale Shares to BeneluxCo, and BeneluxCo shall purchase the Sale
                      Shares from the Seller; and
        
               (b)    the Loan Seller shall sell the VF Shareholder Loans to BeneluxCo, and BeneluxCo shall
                      purchase the VF Shareholder Loans from the Loan Seller,

                in each case on the terms of and subject to the conditions of this Agreement.
        
        1.2    On Closing, the Seller shall transfer to BeneluxCo the Sale Shares, and the Loan Seller shall
               transfer the VF Shareholder Loans, in each case free from Third Party Rights and with all rights
               attaching to them, including the right to receive all distributions and dividends declared, paid or
               made in respect of the Sale Shares and any right to receive any interest or other proceeds
               payable or paid in respect of the Shareholder Loans pursuant to the VF Shareholder Loan
               Agreements, in each case (i) on and after Closing, and (ii) subject to Clause 3.1.
        
        2.     Consideration
        
        2.1    The aggregate consideration due to the Vodafone Sellers for the sale and transfer of the Sale
               Shares and the VF Shareholder Loans to BeneluxCo in accordance with this Agreement (the
               Consideration) is:
        
               (a)    an amount in cash, in immediately available euro funds, being:
        
                      (i)     an initial amount of EUR 1,000,000,000 (the Initial Cash Amount); minus
        
                      (ii)    an amount equal to all Seller Leakage Compensation (if any);
                                plus
        
                      (iii)   an amount equal to all BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation (if any),
        
                      (the Cash Consideration); and
        

                                                                                                                   Page 5 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (b)    the issue on Closing by BeneluxCo to the Seller of shares in the capital of BeneluxCo. Such
                     shares shall:                                                                                                
        
                                                                                                                               
                      (i)     be class B ordinary shares in the capital of BeneluxCo with the rights set out in the
                              SHA and the Deed of Amendment (Class B Shares) and will constitute, immediately
                              after Closing, 100 per cent. of the Class B Shares on a fully-diluted basis;
        
                      (ii)    be of such number as to constitute, immediately after Closing, 10 per cent. of the
                              entire issued and outstanding share capital of BeneluxCo on a fully-diluted basis;
        
                      (iii)   other than as set out in the Transaction Documents, rank pari passu with any shares
                              held by the LG Shareholder or its permitted transferees from time to time, the LG
                              Shareholder being the other shareholder of BeneluxCo immediately after Closing in
                              accordance with the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps; and
        
                      (iv)    be (i) other than as set out in the SHA, free of any rights of pre-emption, option rights,
                              tag along rights and other rights or restrictions on transfer, (ii) duly authorised, validly
                              issued and as part of Closing be fully paid or properly credited as fully paid and there
                              shall be no Liability to pay any additional contribution on them nor shall the Seller be
                              required to pay any amounts in cash in respect of the same, and (iii) free from all
                              Third Party Rights and free from all liens and charges,

                       (the Consideration Shares) such that, as a result, the shareholdings and voting rights in
                       BeneluxCo will be as set out in Part B of Schedule 2 (Share Capital Structure of
                       BeneluxCo).
        
        2.2    At Closing, BeneluxCo shall, in accordance with Schedule 4 (Closing Arrangements):
        
               (a)    pay in cash to the Vodafone Sellers, in immediately available euro funds, an amount equal
                      to the Initial Cash Amount minus any Seller Leakage Compensation and plus any BeneluxCo
                      Leakage Compensation that, in each case, forms part of the Notified Leakage Amount
                      referred to in Clause 3.5(a) (the Closing Payment); and
        
               (b)    issue the Consideration Shares to the Seller.
        
        2.3    The Consideration will be allocated to the:
        
               (a)    VF Shareholder Loans, in an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the VF
                      Shareholder Loans as at the Closing Date plus any accrued interest under the VF
                      Shareholder Loans up to and including the Closing Date (insofar as such interest has not
                      been paid in correspondence with the Closing Obligation under paragraph 4(c) of Schedule 4
                      (Closing Arrangements)); and
        

                                                                                                                   Page 6 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (b)    Sale Shares, the remainder.
                                                                                                                                 
        2.4    Any payment made by:
                                                                                                                               
        
               (a)    the Vodafone Sellers under this Agreement to BeneluxCo in respect of any representation,
                      warranty or undertaking of the Vodafone Sellers to indemnify or compensate BeneluxCo
                      (including any Seller Leakage Compensation) or in respect of any breach of this Agreement;
                      and
        
               (b)    BeneluxCo under this Agreement to the Vodafone Sellers in respect of any representation,
                      warranty or undertaking of BeneluxCo to indemnify or compensate the Vodafone Sellers
                      (other than the Closing Payment but including any BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation) or in
                      respect of any breach of this Agreement,
        
                      shall, as far as possible, be treated as an adjustment to the consideration for the Sale
                      Shares.
        
        3.     Leakage
        
        3.1    The Seller undertakes to BeneluxCo that if, there has been any Seller Leakage during the Locked
               Box Period, for the avoidance of doubt other than Permitted Leakage, the Seller will, subject to
               and in accordance with Clauses 2 and 3.3 to 3.7, pay or procure payment to BeneluxCo of a sum
               equal to the Seller Leakage Compensation in respect of such Seller Leakage. In the case of any
               Seller Leakage Compensation that was not deducted from the Initial Cash Amount at Closing
               pursuant to Clause 2.2(a), the Seller shall pay to BeneluxCo the amount of any such Seller
               Leakage Compensation within             [***]            of the relevant amount of such Seller
               Leakage having been agreed or determined in accordance with the provisions of Clauses 3.5 to
               3.7.
        
        3.2    BeneluxCo undertakes to the Seller that, if there has been any BeneluxCo Leakage during the
               Locked Box Period, for the avoidance of doubt other than Permitted Leakage, BeneluxCo will,
               subject to and in accordance with Clauses 2 and 3.3 to 3.7, pay or procure payment to the Seller
               of a sum equal to the BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation in relation to such BeneluxCo Leakage.
               In the case of any BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation that was not added to the Initial Cash
               Amount at Closing pursuant to Clause 2.2(a), BeneluxCo shall pay to the Seller the amount of any
               such BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation within             [***]           of the relevant amount of
               such BeneluxCo Leakage having been agreed or determined in accordance with the provisions of
               Clauses 3.5 to 3.7.
        
        3.3    For the purposes of Clauses 3.1 and 3.2, the amount of any Leakage shall:
        
               (a)    not include any amount in respect of VAT to the extent actually recoverable by repayment or
                      credit by a VZ Group Company (in the case of Seller Leakage) or by a Closing Date
                      BeneluxCo Group Company (in the case of BeneluxCo Leakage) after the Locked Box Date;
                      and
        

                                                                                                                   Page 7 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (b)    be reduced by an amount equal to (i) any actual reduction of cash Tax due, or (ii) any cash
                     Tax refund received, by any VZ Group Company (in the case of Seller Leakage) or by a                         
                      Closing Date BeneluxCo Group Company (in the case of BeneluxCo Leakage) in respect of
                      the Tax year in which the Leakage item occurred or the year thereafter as a result of such
                      Leakage item being deductible for corporate income Tax purposes (as identified by the Seller
                      and BeneluxCo jointly).
        
        3.4    No later than            [***]            after the Conditions Fulfilment Date, the Seller and
               BeneluxCo shall each deliver to the other a statement of any Seller Leakage or BeneluxCo
               Leakage respectively, as applicable, of which it is aware (the Notified Leakage Amount)
               together with reasonable details of the relevant Leakage and reasonable evidence thereof (or if
               there has been no such Leakage, a statement to that effect).
        
        3.5    If the Seller or BeneluxCo following receipt of such notice (as applicable):
        
               (a)    agrees the Notified Leakage Amount (or part thereof) no later than         [***]       after
                      the Conditions Fulfilment Date, then the Initial Cash Amount shall be reduced or increased,
                      as applicable, by the amount of the Notified Leakage Amount (or part thereof, as applicable)
                      so agreed, in accordance with Clause 2.2(a); or
        
               (b)    objects to the Notified Leakage Amount (it being understood that failure to respond to the
                      notice of any applicable Notified Leakage Amount shall be deemed to constitute an objection
                      to the Notified Leakage Amount), the provisions of Clause 3.7 shall apply.

                Any reduction or increase of the Initial Cash Amount by an amount equal to the agreed Notified
                Leakage Amount in accordance with Clause 2.2(a) and Clause 3.5(a) shall discharge the Seller’s
                or BeneluxCo’s, as applicable, obligation to make payment of such Notified Leakage Amount
                pursuant to Clause 3.1 or 3.2, as applicable, to the extent of the reduction or increase.
        
        3.6    The liability of the Seller and BeneluxCo pursuant to this Clause 3 shall terminate on the date
               falling           [***]          after Closing, unless prior to that date BeneluxCo or the Seller, as
               applicable, has notified the other in writing of a breach of the undertakings set out in Clause 3.1
               or 3.2, setting out the amount and, to the extent reasonably possible, details of the relevant
               Leakage together with evidence thereof.
        
        3.7    Should the Seller or BeneluxCo (as applicable) object or be deemed to object to any Notified
               Leakage Amount or object to any other Leakage notified pursuant to Clause 3.6:
        
               (a)    it shall notify BeneluxCo (in the case of Seller Leakage) or the Seller (in the case of
                      BeneluxCo Leakage) of such objection in writing within                     [***]            of
                      receiving the notification of the alleged Leakage, together with its own estimated calculation
                      of the Leakage in question and, to the extent reasonably possible, evidence thereof;
                        and
        

                                                                                                                   Page 8 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (b)    following notification by the objecting party in accordance with Clause 3.7(a), the Seller and
                     BeneluxCo shall, in good faith, attempt to reach agreement on the disputed amount of                         
                      Leakage within         [***]      of receiving the notification pursuant to Clause 3.7(a).
                                                                                                                               
        
        3.8    A claim under this Clause 3 shall be the sole remedy of each Party in respect of Leakage.
        
        4.     Pre-Closing Undertakings
        
        4.1    Pre-Closing Undertakings. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier of Closing or the
               termination of this Agreement, each of the Vodafone Sellers, BeneluxCo and the LG Shareholder
               undertakes to comply with their respective obligations set out in Schedule 3 (Pre-Closing
               Undertakings), without prejudice to paragraphs 6 to 8 (inclusive) of Schedule 3 (Pre-Closing
               Undertakings) to the extent these continue to apply after Closing.
        
        4.2    Agreed Form. Without prejudice to the provisions of Schedule 3 (Pre-Closing Undertakings), as
               soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, the Parties shall negotiate in
               good faith to agree on any terms of the Agreed Form documents that may, for whatever reason,
               not yet have been agreed or included at the date of this Agreement and/or on the terms of any
               Transaction Documents which are not in Agreed Form at the date of this Agreement.
        
        4.3    BeneluxCo Reorganisation. The LG Shareholder undertakes to procure that and agrees with the
               Seller that:
        
               (a)    at Closing, there shall be no indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including by way of
                      acceptance credits, discounting or similar facilities, loan stocks, bonds, debentures, notes,
                      overdrafts, credit facilities, revolving facilities, financing balances, any similar arrangements
                      the purpose of which is to raise money or any obligations in respect of dividends declared or
                      other distributions) between the Closing Date BeneluxCo Group and the LG Shareholder
                      and/or its Affiliates, except as such indebtedness is specifically quantified in the BeneluxCo
                      Reorganisation Steps or permitted under this Agreement and except for any amounts owed,
                      outstanding or accrued as between the Closing Date BeneluxCo Group and the LG
                      Shareholder Group in respect of any intra-group services agreement existing on the date of
                      this Agreement with the LG Shareholder Group or entered into in accordance with paragraph
                      3(e) of Schedule 3 (Pre-Closing undertakings);
        
               (b)    it shall provide to the Seller, and shall procure the provision of executed copies of all
                      material transfer documentation required for the implementation of each step of the
                      BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps;
        
               (c)    it shall keep the Seller (or advisers nominated by the Seller, and shall procure that such
                      persons are kept, upon the Seller’s reasonable
        

                                                                                                                   Page 9 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      request) reasonably informed as to progress towards the implementation of the BeneluxCo
                     Reorganisation Steps; and                                                                                   
        
               (d)    without prejudice to Clause 3.2 (Leakage), the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps may be
                      amended without the prior written consent of the Seller, except where the implementation of
                      such amendment would:
        
                      (i)     take the form of contributions, (de)mergers, sales or other transfers of assets or rights
                              (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any transfer of net operating losses
                              (verrekenbare verliezen) (such transfer a Tax Loss Transfer)) by BeneluxCo,
                              PlatformCo or any Telenet Company or VZ Group Company to the LG Shareholder or
                              any of its Affiliates (excluding for the avoidance of doubt such contributions,
                              de(mergers), sales or transfers included in the version of the BeneluxCo
                              Reorganisation Steps in the Agreed Form or where the relevant assets or rights will be
                              fully reimbursed, or transferred back, to BeneluxCo, PlatformCo or any Telenet
                              Company or VZ Group Company under the amended BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps
                              by Closing);
        
                      (ii)    result in any regulatory filings being required by Law, in addition to the Conditions; or
        
                      (iii)   result in a material risk that any of the Conditions (other than the BeneluxCo
                              Reorganisation Condition) might not be satisfied by the original Longstop Date
                              (including as a result of a need to make additional or replacement filings to a
                              Governmental Entity or any ‘stop the clock’ by any Governmental Entity),
                       in which case the consent of the Seller shall be required (such consent not to be
                       unreasonably withheld or delayed). Any amendments to the BeneluxCo Reorganisation
                       Steps in accordance with this Clause 4.3(d) shall replace and be deemed to constitute the
                       BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps for purposes of the Transaction Documents.
        
        4.4    BeneluxCo Fiscal Unity.
        
               (a)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, BeneluxCo shall not be required
                      to take any action or omission or be bound by any provision of this Agreement which would
                      otherwise have resulted in it, at any given time, not forming part of a fiscal unity (fiscale
                      eenheid) in accordance with article 15 of the Dutch Corporate Income Tax Act (wet op de
                      vennootschapsbelasting 1969) with any entity that is envisaged to form, at such time, part
                      of such fiscal unity with BeneluxCo on the basis of the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 10 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (b)    If Clause 4.4(a) operates such that BeneluxCo is not required to take any action or omission
                     to which it is held under this Agreement or be bound by any provision of this Agreement                     
                      then, the LG Shareholder shall hold harmless the Vodafone Sellers or their Affiliates from
                      and against any and all Losses suffered as if it had itself been required required to take such
                      action or omission or be bound by the relevant provision of this Agreement.
        
        4.5    Carve-Out of Employees.
        
               (a)    The Parties intend that the employment of the IoT Carve-Out Employees shall transfer by
                      operation of the Regulations from the relevant VZ Group Company to a member of the Seller
                      Group with effect from no later than 23h59 on the Closing Date. If and to the extent the
                      Regulations do not apply to transfer the employment of the Carve-Out Employees as
                      envisaged by this Clause 4.5(a), the Vodafone Sellers will procure that a member of the
                      Seller Group will offer employment to each of the IoT Carve-Out Employees in accordance
                      with Clause 4.5(b).
        
               (b)    The Vodafone Sellers will procure that a member of the Seller Group will offer employment
                      to each of the VF Carve-Out Employees (and if the Regulations do not apply to transfer the
                      employment of the IoT Carve-Out Employees, each of the IoT Carve-Out Employees) on
                      terms and conditions that are no less favourable in all material respects to the ones
                      applicable to them at the relevant time, such employment to take effect from no later than
                      23h59 on the Closing Date.
        
               (c)    If, after the Closing Date, a Carve-Out Employee remains employed by a VZ Group Company
                      (including as a result of the Carve-Out Employee not having accepted any offer of
                      employment from a member of the Seller Group in accordance with Clause 4.5(b)), the
                      relevant VZ Group Company may terminate the employment of the person concerned or
                      where the applicable mandatory selection criteria (afspiegelingsbeginsel) would not allow the
                      termination of the relevant individual but instead require the VZ Group Company to
                      terminate another employee and, so long as the termination is in accordance with applicable
                      Law and (i) the proceedings to request a dismissal permit with the Dutch Labour Authorities
                      (in Dutch: UWV) are commenced and/or (ii) negotiations with the Carve-Out Employee
                      regarding an amicable termination of their contract of employment are commenced, within
                                  [***]            of the Closing Date or, where such employee would enjoy
                      statutory protection from termination on the basis of article 7:670 of the Dutch Civil Code,
                      as soon as reasonably possible after the expiry of such protection, the Vodafone Sellers shall
                      indemnify and hold harmless BeneluxCo for the amounts incurred by the relevant VZ Group
                      Company for an amount equal to:
        

                                                                                                                 Page 11 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      (i)     either (x) the severance payment as determined in accordance with the applicable
                             social plan at the relevant VZ Group Company, as applicable from time to time, which                
                              shall in any event be not less than the Dutch statutory severance payment
                              (transitievergoeding) or, if no such social plan is applicable and/or the social plan has
                              expired, (y) the Dutch statutory transition allowance (in Dutch: transitievergoeding);
        
                      (ii)    such additional amount the Vodafone Sellers agree in writing is reasonably necessary
                              to pay the relevant employee to incentivise them to agree to an amicable termination
                              of their contract of employment, such agreement by the Vodafone Sellers not to be
                              unreasonably withheld or such additional amount awarded by a court in connection
                              with the termination of employment of such person;
        
                      (iii)   the costs of that person’s employment until it terminates, including the cost of salaries
                              and benefits due during the applicable notice period based on the remuneration
                              applicable for such person on Closing taking into account remuneration prospects
                              already agreed prior to Closing in respect of such person; and
        
                      (iv)    including, in each of (i) to (iii), any Taxes in relation thereto.
        
               (d)    With effect from the Closing Date or, if earlier, the effective time of the transfer of the
                      relevant Carve-Out Employees, all Liabilities to or relating directly to the Carve-Out
                      Employees who commence employment with a member of the Seller Group as a result of a
                      transfer under the Regulations or accepting an offer of employment (in each case as
                      envisaged by Clause 4.5(a) and 4.5(b)) shall be borne and assumed by the relevant
                      member of the Seller Group, and the Vodafone Sellers will indemnify and hold harmless
                      BeneluxCo against any such Liabilities.
        
               (e)    The Vodafone Sellers will indemnify and hold harmless BeneluxCo against 50 per cent. of
                      any Liabilities to or relating to the Carve-Out Employees relating to the period up to the
                      Closing Date or the transfer of the Carve-Out Employees to the Seller Group, other than in
                      each case any Liabilities that relate to the termination of employment of a Carve-Out
                      Employee in accordance with Clause 4.5(c), other than in the event that BeneluxCo can
                      reasonably demonstrate that such Liabilities to or relating to the Carve-Out Employees
                      would not have arisen or existed but for any wilful misconduct, gross negligence and/or
                      breach of a statutory duty solely by a member of the Seller Group, in which case BeneluxCo
                      will be indemnified and held harmless against 100% of such Liabilities.
        
               (f)    The LG Shareholder and the Vodafone Sellers shall, and shall procure that their relevant
                      Affiliates shall, procure that the VZ Group
        

                                                                                                                 Page 12 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      Companies provide the Vodafone Sellers and their respective Affiliates with such information
                     as may reasonably be requested and such assistance reasonably necessary to give effect to                   
                      this Clause 4.5, including in connection with the preparation and execution of documentation
                      and to ensure the relevant Affiliates comply with their respective obligations under the
                      Regulations in respect of any transfer under the Regulations envisaged by Clause 4.5(a).
        
        4.6    Seller Consents. Without prejudice to Clause 14 and Schedule 9 (Intra-group Agreements), which
               shall govern the relevant agreements set forth therein, to the extent BeneluxCo notifies the Seller
               that any consent or any waiver of any right to terminate in the event of a change of control is
               required from the Seller or any member of the Seller Group in its capacity as a counterparty
               under an agreement with a Closing Date BeneluxCo Group Company in order to give effect to the
               Proposed Transaction, the Seller shall procure that the relevant member of the Seller Group shall
               promptly provide such consent or waiver as soon as reasonably practicable following the request
               of BeneluxCo, unless expressly provided for in this Agreement or another Transaction Document.
        
        5.     Telenet Transactions
        
        5.1    Wyre Transactions and Wyre Call Option.
        
               (a)    Wyre Transactions. The LG Shareholder shall procure that from the date of this Agreement
                      and until the Exchange Date, no member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group holding any
                      Wyre Shares shall enter into any disposal or transfer in respect of any Wyre Shares to a
                      person who is not a member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group other than:
        
                      (i)    one or more Wyre LG Transaction(s); and/or
        
                      (ii)   one or more Wyre Monarch Transaction(s).
        
               (b)    Wyre Call Option. Subject to Closing the LG Shareholder may procure that, BeneluxCo shall,
                      or that BeneluxCo shall procure that the relevant member(s) of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo
                      Group holding the Wyre Option Shares shall, grant to the LG Shareholder the option to
                      purchase (at the LG Shareholder’s discretion) some or all of the Wyre Option Shares (if any)
                      held by members of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group (the Wyre Call Option) on the
                      terms set out in Schedule 10 (Wyre Call Option Terms) and subject to the remaining
                      provisions of this Clause 5.1.
        
               (c)    Expiration.
        
                      (i)    The Wyre Call Option shall automatically and without further action expire at the
                             earlier of: (x) the Wyre Long Stop Date and, (y) the date being   [***]      prior
                             (unless otherwise agreed between the Seller and BeneluxCo) to a
        

                                                                                                                 Page 13 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                             Listing (such earlier date being the Exchange Date), following which:
                                                                                                                                
                             (A)   except in respect of any exercise of the Wyre Call Option for which completion of
                                                                                                                     
                                   the relevant Wyre LG Transaction has not yet occurred, the Wyre Call Option shall
                                   cease to have any effect and shall no longer be capable of being exercised; and
        
                             (B)   the remaining provisions of this Clause 5.1 (other than Clauses 5.1(c)(ii), 5.1(d)
                                   and 5.1(e)) shall cease to apply.
        
                      (ii)   In addition, on the date immediately prior to a Listing:
        
                             (A)   any exercise of the Wyre Call Option for which completion of the relevant Wyre
                                   LG Transaction has not yet completed shall lapse; and
        
                             (B)   Clauses 5.1(e)(i) and 5.1(e)(ii) shall cease to apply.
        
               (d)    Share exchange.
        
                      (i)    If any Wyre Option Shares continue to be held by members of the Post-Closing
                             BeneluxCo Group: (i) where a Wyre Call Option has been granted pursuant to Clause ,
                             following expiry of the Wyre Call Option pursuant to Clause 5.1(c), or (ii) where a
                             Wyre Call Option has not been granted pursuant to Clause Error! Reference source
                             not found., at the Exchange Date, then in each case the Seller shall transfer to
                             BeneluxCo (and BeneluxCo shall acquire by way of a buy-back) on the Exchange Date
                             for no consideration, a number of BeneluxCo Shares calculated as follows (the
                             Exchange Shares):

                              [***]
        
                      (ii)   The Seller shall procure that any party to whom it transfers, in accordance with the
                             SHA and the Deed of Amendment, any BeneluxCo Shares that it may hold from time to
                             time agrees to be bound in its stead by the undertakings of the Seller under this
                             Clause 5.1(d), including to transfer any Exchange Shares to BeneluxCo as set out in
                             this Clause 5.1(d).
        

                                                                                                                 Page 14 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (e)    Distribution of certain proceeds to the LG Shareholder Group.
                                                                                                                                
                      (i)     The LG Shareholder and the Vodafone Sellers shall procure that the following proceeds
                                                                                                                      
                              of Wyre Transactions (in each case net of any costs or any Taxes incurred by the Post-
                              Closing BeneluxCo Group in connection with such Wyre Transactions) shall be fully
                              distributed by the relevant members of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group only to the
                              LG Shareholder or such of its Affiliates that hold class A ordinary shares in BeneluxCo
                              at the relevant time:
        
                              (A)   all proceeds of Wyre LG Transactions; and
        
                              (B)   all proceeds of Wyre Monarch Transactions entered into prior to or on the Wyre
                                    Long Stop Date, to the extent corresponding to the sale of Wyre Shares by the
                                    Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group in excess of       [***]       of the total number
                                    of Wyre Shares.
        
                      (ii)    The proceeds of any Wyre Monarch Transaction or any Wyre LG Transaction entered
                              into after the Wyre Long Stop Date (the date of exercise of the Wyre Call Option being
                              the relevant date, as applicable) shall not be subject to the provisions of Clause 5.1(e)
                              (i) and shall be retained and utilised by the members of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo
                              Group at their sole discretion.
        
                      (iii)   Following the date immediately prior to a Listing, the proceeds of any sale of Wyre
                              Shares by members of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group, whether or not completed
                              on or before such date, shall not be subject to the provisions of Clause 5.1(e)(i) and
                              shall be retained and utilised by the members of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group at
                              their sole discretion.
        
               (f)    General.
        
                      (i)     In this Clause 5.1, all references to the sale of Wyre Shares shall include: (x) a direct
                              sale of shares in Wyre Holding BV; or (y) an indirect sale of shares in Wyre Holding BV
                              through the sale of interests in any person in the direct chain of ownership of Wyre
                              Holding BV up to (but excluding) Wyre Holdco, provided that the only underlying
                              assets being sold are Wyre Holding BV shares. Percentages referenced in this Clause
                              5.1 shall be adjusted in case of a direct sale of shares in Wyre Holding BV to refer to
                              the pro rata part of the relevant member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group in Wyre
                              Holding BV.
        
                      (ii)    Each of the LG Shareholder shall not, and shall procure that its Affiliates, BeneluxCo
                              and the Affiliates of BeneluxCo shall
        

                                                                                                                 Page 15 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                            not, enter into any transaction designed to circumvent the provisions set out in this
                           Clause 5.1.                                                                                            
        
                                                                                                                               
        5.2    Telenet refinancing.
        
               (a)    Subject to Clause 3 and, following Closing, the terms of the SHA, the LG Shareholder and
                      BeneluxCo and their respective Affiliates shall be entitled to pursue any debt refinancing of
                      any and all Telenet Companies and/or of Wyre Holdco and/or any subsidiaries thereof and to
                      apply the proceeds of any such transactions in such manner as determined by them in their
                      sole discretion.
        
               (b)    If any such transaction referenced in Clause 5.2(a) is completed following Closing, and
                      subject to the completion of such transaction, the Vodafone Sellers acknowledge and agree
                      that the LG Shareholder shall be entitled to: (i) cause BeneluxCo to distribute to the LG
                      Shareholder or such of its Affiliates that holds class A ordinary shares in BeneluxCo at the
                      relevant time (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not to the Seller); and (ii) as applicable, first
                      cause the relevant member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group to make distributions to
                      BeneluxCo, in each case up to an aggregate amount of [***]
        
        5.3    Divestment of Non-Core Telenet Assets.
        
               (a)    Subject to Clause 3 and, following Closing, the terms of the SHA, the LG Shareholder and
                      BeneluxCo and their respective Affiliates shall be entitled to engage in any disposal of the
                      Non-Core Telenet Assets for cash consideration and to apply the proceeds of any such
                      transactions in such manner as determined by them in their sole discretion.
        
               (b)    With respect to the proceeds of a disposal of any Non-Core Telenet Assets which have not
                      been distributed to the LG Shareholder at Closing, the Vodafone Sellers acknowledge and
                      agree that the LG Shareholder shall be entitled to: (i) cause BeneluxCo to distribute to the
                      LG Shareholder or such of its Affiliates that holds class A ordinary shares in BeneluxCo at
                      the relevant time (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not to the Seller) and, (ii) as applicable,
                      first cause the relevant member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group to make distributions
                      to BeneluxCo, any proceeds from such disposal of any Non-Core Telenet Assets (net of any
                      costs or any Taxes incurred by the BeneluxCo Group in connection with such disposals).
        
        5.4    Distributions to the LG Shareholder. With respect to the distributions set forth in Clauses 5.1(e)(i),
               5.2(b) and 5.3(b):
        
               (a)    any such distributions shall be made net of any costs or any Taxes incurred by the
                      BeneluxCo Group in connection with the relevant transactions or disposals;
        
               (b)    the SHA and the Deed of Amendment shall include such provisions as to allow such
                      distribution in respect of class A ordinary shares in
        

                                                                                                                 Page 16 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      BeneluxCo in order to make it possible for the proceeds referred to in Clause 5.1(e)(i),
                     5.2(b) and 5.3(b) respectively to be distributed to the LG Shareholder and/or its Affiliates                 
                      only;
                                                                                                                               
        
               (c)    the Seller undertakes that it shall, and shall procure that its Affiliates shall, provide their
                      reasonable cooperation to give effect to such distribution(s), including by exercising their
                      rights under the SHA, as applicable at the relevant time, to facilitate any distribution of the
                      proceeds referred to in Clause 5.1(e)(i), 5.2(b) and 5.3(b), respectively, if and to the extent
                      that such distribution is made, in accordance with Clause 5.1(e)(i), 5.2(b) and 5.3(b),
                      respectively; and
        
               (d)    any distributions of proceeds to the LG Shareholder in accordance with Clause 5.1(e)(i),
                      5.2(b) and 5.3(b), respectively, may take any form permitted by Law (including a dividend
                      distribution, capital decrease, share buy-back and/or a combination thereof) and/or can be
                      spread in more than one distribution per financial year and/or spread over more than one
                      financial year, in the LG Shareholder’s sole discretion (for the avoidance of doubt, in
                      connection with Clause 5.1(e)(i), subject to Clauses 5.1(e)(ii) and 5.1(e)(iii)).
        
        6.     Conditions to Closing
        
        6.1    The sale and purchase of the Sale Shares and the VF Shareholder Loans shall be conditional on
               the following conditions precedent (the Conditions) having been fulfilled or waived in accordance
               with the terms of this Agreement:

                EU Merger Control
        
               (a)    the European Commission having issued a decision (or being deemed to have done so)
                      under Council Regulation (EC) No. 139/2004 (the EU Merger Regulation), declaring the
                      Proposed Transaction compatible with the common market; and/or
        
               (b)    if the Proposed Transaction is referred by the European Commission to a competent
                      competition authority under Article 9 of the Merger Regulation: (i) confirmation having been
                      received from such authority that the Proposed Transaction set out in this Agreement may
                      proceed; or (ii) the statutory review period of such authorities having expired without any
                      decision on the substance,

                and in each case (to the extent relevant) all conditions or obligations contained in such decisions
                and/or confirmations which, in each case, are necessary to allow consummation of the Proposed
                Transaction having been satisfied or complied with provided that, for the avoidance of doubt,
                such
        

                                                                                                                 Page 17 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                conditions or obligations are deemed by BeneluxCo, acting in accordance with Clause 6.4, to be
               acceptable;                                                                                                        

                EU Foreign Subsidies Regulation                                                                                
        
               (c)    in so far as the Proposed Transaction constitutes or is deemed to constitute a notifiable
                      acquisition under Regulation 2022/2560/EU (the EU FSR), or the European Commission
                      requests such notification under Article 21(5) of the EU FSR, any of the following having
                      occurred:
        
                      (i)     the European Commission either deciding to close the preliminary review into the
                              concentration in accordance with Article 10(4) of the EU FSR or not initiating an
                              in-depth investigation within the relevant period provided for in Article 24 of the EU
                              FSR; or
        
                      (ii)    the European Commission not adopting a decision specified in Article 25(3) of the EU
                              FSR within the time period specified in Article 25(4) of the EU FSR, following an
                              in-depth investigation; or
        
                      (iii)   following an in-depth investigation, the European Commission either issuing a no
                              objection decision pursuant to Article 11(4) (in conjunction with Article 25(3)(b)) or a
                              decision pursuant to Article 11(3) (in conjunction with Article 25(3)(a) of the EU FSR);

                Netherlands Telecommunications Investment Clearance
        
               (d)    insofar as, in relation to the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps or any part of it, a notification
                      under Article 14a.2 of the Dutch Telecommunications Act (Telecommunicatiewet) is
                      necessary, the Dutch Minister of Economic Affairs (minister van Economische Zaken) (the
                      Minister) having:
        
                      (i)     declined jurisdiction, including by confirming in writing no filing is required during the
                              course of engagement with the Minister;
        
                      (ii)    granted clearance, and (to the extent relevant) all conditions or obligations contained
                              in such decision and/or confirmation which are necessary to allow consummation of
                              the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps or any part of it having been satisfied or complied
                              with;
        
                      (iii)   the statutory review period of the Minister having expired without the Minister having
                              taken any formal decision within the meaning of (ii); or
        
                      (iv)    the Seller and BeneluxCo having mutually agreed in writing that this Condition has
                              been fulfilled;
        

                                                                                                                 Page 18 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (e)    in so far as, in relation to the contribution of the [***] [***]  , a notification
                     under Article 14a.2 of the Dutch Telecommunications Act (Telecommunicatiewet) is                             
                      necessary, the Minister having:
                                                                                                                               
        
                      (i)     declined jurisdiction, including by confirming in writing no filing is required during the
                              course of engagement with the Minister;
        
                      (ii)    granted clearance, and (to the extent relevant) all conditions or obligations contained
                              in such decision and/or confirmation which are necessary to allow consummation of
                              the       [***]        having been satisfied or complied with;
        
                      (iii)   the statutory review period of the Minister having expired without the Minister having
                              taken any formal decision within the meaning of (ii); or
        
                      (iv)    the Seller and BeneluxCo having mutually agreed in writing that this Condition has
                              been fulfilled;
        
               (f)    in so far as, in relation to the contribution of the     [***]       [***]    , as is
                      necessary, the            [***]           having been registered with The Netherlands
                      Authority for Consumers and Markets in the name of the     [***]      ;

                Belgian Foreign Direct Investment clearance
        
               (g)    in so far as, in relation to the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps or any part of it, a notification
                      being required under article 5.§1 of the Cooperation Agreement dated 30 October 2022 (the
                      Cooperation Agreement):
        
                      (i)     the Belgian Interfederal Screening Committee (the ISC) having formally approved the
                              BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps or any part of it on an unconditional basis or subject
                              to such conditions, obligations, modifications or restrictions as the ISC may identify on
                              the basis of Articles 18.§1 or 23 of the Cooperation Agreement; or
        
                      (ii)    the statutory review period for the ISC (without prejudice to any suspension,
                              interruption or extension thereof) prescribed by Article 18.§2 of the Cooperation
                              Agreement having expired without the ISC taking a decision;
        
               (h)    in so far as, in relation to the issuance of the Consideration Shares to the Seller, a
                      notification being required under article 5.§1 of the Cooperation Agreement:
        
                      (i)     the ISC having formally approved the issuance of the Consideration Shares to the
                              Seller on an unconditional basis or subject to such conditions, obligations,
                              modifications or
        

                                                                                                                 Page 19 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                             restrictions as the ISC may identify on the basis of Articles 18.§1 or 23 of the
                            Cooperation Agreement; or                                                                             
        
                                                                                                                               
                      (ii)   the statutory review period for the ISC (without prejudice to any suspension,
                             interruption or extension thereof) prescribed by Article 18.§2 of the Cooperation
                             Agreement having expired without the ISC taking a decision,

                (the Conditions in Clauses 6.1(a) to (d) (inclusive) and Clause 6.1(g) collectively referred to as
                the LG Regulatory Conditions, the Condition in Clause 6.1(f) referred to as the Seller
                Regulatory Condition, and the Conditions in Clauses 6.1(e) and (f) collectively referred to as
                the      [***]        JV Regulatory Conditions);

                VZ Company Works Council, trade unions and EWC
        
               (i)    the required consultation procedures with the works council established for the VZ Company
                      (the VZ Company Works Council) in accordance with article 25 of the Dutch Works Act in
                      respect of the relevant aspects of the Proposed Transaction (the Proposed Decision)
                      having been completed in accordance with Clause 6.17 (the Works Council Condition);
        
               (j)    the Parties having consulted with the relevant active trade unions (the Trade Unions), if
                      any and if applicable, under the SER Merger Code (the Trade Union Condition) in
                      accordance with Clause 6.18, and this Trade Union Condition having been satisfied in
                      accordance with Clause 6.18;
        
               (k)    the required information and/or consultation procedures with the Liberty Global European
                      Works Council (the EWC) in respect of the Proposed Transaction having been completed in
                      accordance with Clauses 6.19 and 6.20 (the EWC Condition), and this EWC Condition
                      having been satisfied in accordance with Clause 6.20;

                BeneluxCo Reorganisation
        
               (l)    the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps included in slides 7-8, 10-12, 14, 18-22 and 26-27 of
                      the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps having been completed in all material respects (the
                      BeneluxCo Reorganisation Condition); and
        
                       (i)   [***]
        

                                                                                                                 Page 20 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        6.2    The Conditions other than (a) the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Condition, and (b)
              [***]           may be waived (in whole or in part) by agreement between BeneluxCo and the                         
               Seller, to the extent permitted by Law and the provisions of this Agreement. The BeneluxCo
                                                                                                          
               Reorganisation Condition may not be waived by any Party.         [***]
        
        6.3    The Seller and BeneluxCo shall notify each other promptly (but in any event within
               [***]          ) upon becoming aware that:
        
               (a)    circumstances have arisen that are reasonably likely to result in any of the Conditions not
                      being satisfied prior to the Longstop Date, together with such details of the relevant
                      circumstances as are in the relevant Party’s possession at the relevant time; or
        
               (b)    any of the Conditions have been fulfilled and, where the Condition so fulfilled is also the last
                      Condition to have been fulfilled, that all of the Conditions have been fulfilled.
        
               The date on which the last outstanding Condition has been satisfied or waived in accordance with
               this Agreement shall be the Conditions Fulfilment Date.
        
               Conduct in respect of LG Regulatory Conditions
        
        6.4    BeneluxCo shall, at its own cost, use reasonable efforts to procure that the LG Regulatory
               Conditions are fulfilled promptly after the date of this Agreement and in any event prior to the
               Longstop Date.
        
        6.5    The LG Shareholder shall procure that BeneluxCo shall in connection with the satisfaction of the
               LG Regulatory Conditions:
        
               (a)    not make the initial submission, notification or filing to Governmental Entities without the
                      prior written consent of the Seller;
        
               (b)    submit the applications and filings required in connection with the satisfaction of the LG
                      Regulatory Conditions (or initiate the pre-notification contacts in those jurisdictions where
                      they are advisable) as soon as reasonably practicable and, in respect of any such filing,
                      notification or submission, not withdraw the same once made without the prior written
                      consent of the Seller, it being understood that the
        

                                                                                                                 Page 21 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      filing under the EU Merger Regulation shall take place within                          [***]
                     Business Days following       [***]           ;                                                              
        
                                                                                                                               
               (c)    be primarily responsible for preparing all such filings, notifications, submissions,
                      correspondence and communications, provided that it shall consult with the Seller as to the
                      strategy to be pursued for fulfilling the LG Regulatory Conditions and take into account
                      (acting in good faith) the views and/or requests of the Seller;
        
               (d)    provide the Seller with draft copies in advance (or, in the case of oral communications,
                      advise the Seller of its intended contents) of all material submissions, notifications and
                      filings (including responses to requests for information) to any relevant Governmental Entity
                      at such time as will allow the Seller a reasonable opportunity to provide comments on such
                      submissions or communications before they are submitted or sent and give reasonable
                      consideration to those comments;
        
               (e)    ensure that any request from a Governmental Entity is responded to promptly and, in any
                      event, in accordance with any relevant time limit;
        
               (f)    keep the Seller informed of any material communication (whether written or oral) with any
                      Governmental Entity including by openly copying the Seller’s respective external anti-trust
                      counsel on all written submissions and other substantive correspondence with any
                      Governmental Entity;
        
               (g)    give the Seller prompt notice of, and reasonable opportunity for the Seller (or its
                      Representatives) to attend all substantive meetings and telephone calls with any relevant
                      Governmental Entity (except where the Governmental Entity requests that the Seller should
                      not attend all or part of the meeting or the telephone call and provided that the Seller (or its
                      Representatives) shall only make substantive contributions during such meetings and
                      telephone calls if deemed appropriate by BeneluxCo) and, where such attendance and
                      participation is not permitted by applicable law or the Governmental Entity, provide the
                      Seller, to the extent permitted, with a succinct summary of such meeting or telephone call
                      as soon as reasonably practicable following the meeting or telephone call;
        
               (h)    regularly review with the Seller the progress of any substantive communications,
                      notifications, filings or submissions which are made with a view to obtaining the relevant
                      consent, approval or action from each Governmental Entity with a view to satisfying the LG
                      Regulatory Conditions; and
        
               (i)    be responsible for the payment of all filing fees required in connection with fulfilment of the
                      LG Regulatory Conditions.
        
        6.6    For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Clause 6.5 shall operate to require or permit the exchange
               of business secrets or other confidential material
        

                                                                                                                 Page 22 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               between the Vodafone Sellers and BeneluxCo, or vice versa, so long as each of the Vodafone
              Sellers and BeneluxCo identify, acting reasonably, such material and provide such material to the                   
               other party’s external counsel, to the extent permitted by Law or the Governmental Entity.
                                                                                                                               
        
        6.7    In connection with the satisfaction of the LG Regulatory Conditions the Vodafone Sellers shall
               (and, where relevant, the Parties shall cause the VZ Group Companies), to the extent legally
               permissible, provide BeneluxCo, its advisers and any Governmental Entity promptly with any
               necessary information and documents required for the purpose of making any submissions,
               notifications and filings to any such Governmental Entity.
        
               Conduct in respect of the Seller Regulatory Condition
        
        6.8    Seller shall, at its own cost, use reasonable efforts to procure that the Seller Regulatory Condition
               is fulfilled promptly after the date of this Agreement and in any event prior to the Longstop Date.
        
        6.9    All conduct provisions, undertakings, restrictions and obligations applicable to the LG Regulatory
               Conditions in Clauses 6.5 to 6.7 (inclusive) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Seller Regulatory
               Condition, where any reference in such Clauses to: (i) the LG Regulatory Conditions, shall be
               deemed to be a reference to the Seller Regulatory Condition, (ii) BeneluxCo, shall be deemed to
               be a reference to the Seller, and (iii) the Seller or Vodafone Sellers, shall be deemed to be a
               reference to BeneluxCo and the LG Shareholder.
        
             Conduct in respect of the    [***]     Regulatory Conditions
        
        6.10 Each of the LG Shareholder, BeneluxCo and the Seller shall use reasonable efforts to procure that
             the     [***]    Regulatory Conditions are fulfilled as soon as possible after the date of this
             Agreement and in any event prior to the Longstop Date, [***].
        
        6.11 All conduct provisions, undertakings, restrictions and obligations applicable to the LG Regulatory
             Conditions in Clauses 6.5 to 6.7 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the            [***]     Regulatory
             Conditions, where any reference in such Clauses (i) to the LG Regulatory Conditions shall be
             deemed to be a reference to the       [***]     Regulatory Conditions, (ii) to BeneluxCo shall be
             deemed to be a reference to the Seller, and (iii) to the Seller or Vodafone Sellers shall be deemed
             to be a reference to BeneluxCo and the LG Shareholder.
        
             Conduct in respect of the Works Council Condition
        
        6.12 The Parties acknowledge that the VZ Company Works Council has a right of advice in relation to
             the Proposed Decision in accordance with the provisions of the Dutch Works Councils Act (the
             Works Council Consultation) and that Closing cannot take place until the Works Council
             Consultation has been completed in accordance with Clause 6.17 hereof.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 23 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        6.13 The Vodafone Sellers and BeneluxCo shall provide the VZ Company, if and when requested, with
            all reasonable information (save to the extent it concerns commercially sensitive information) and                   
             assistance deemed reasonably necessary to conduct the Works Council Consultation and shall use
                                                                                                                
             all reasonable endeavours to complete this consultation as soon as possible.
        
        6.14 The Parties shall procure that the VZ Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, prepare a
             request for advice (adviesaanvraag) with respect to the Proposed Decision in such form and with
             such content as approved by BeneluxCo and the Seller, each acting reasonably. The Parties shall
             procure that the request for advice will be submitted to the VZ Company Works Council as soon as
             reasonably possible after signing of this Agreement.
        
        6.15 The Parties shall procure that the VZ Company will inform the Seller and BeneluxCo on a regular
             basis of the progress of the Works Council Consultation and of requests for information and
             questions from the VZ Company Works Council and it shall provide the Seller and BeneluxCo with
             copies of all correspondence and written documents exchanged with the VZ Company Works
             Council including a copy of the advice rendered and drafts thereof. The Seller and BeneluxCo shall
             act promptly in their dealings with the VZ Company Works Council and shall procure that the VZ
             Company obtains the prior approval of BeneluxCo and the Seller for any written correspondence
             that it wishes to share with the VZ Company Works Council, including any comments on the
             advice to be rendered or any copies thereof.
        
        6.16 The Seller and BeneluxCo acknowledge that the outcome of the Works Council Consultation should
             be able to have an impact on the proposed sale of the Sale Shares and they will therefore discuss
             in good faith the advice rendered by the VZ Company Works Council to assess if, and to what
             extent, it would be appropriate to make changes to the relevant aspects of the Proposed
             Transaction and/or this Agreement or other Transaction Documents to reflect the outcome of the
             Works Council Consultation without them being under an obligation to agree to any amendments
             to this Agreement or other Transaction Documents. The Seller and BeneluxCo acknowledge that,
             in the context of the Works Council Consultation the VZ Company Works Council may seek certain
             commitments. The Parties shall procure that the VZ Company shall promptly notify BeneluxCo of
             any such commitments so requested. The Parties shall not, and shall procure that the VZ
             Company shall not, accept any changes to the terms of the Proposed Transaction or agree to any
             conditions or make any commitments to the VZ Company Works Council without BeneluxCo’s and
             the Seller’s prior written consent which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
        
        6.17 The Works Council Condition shall be deemed to have been complied with if one of the following
             events occurs:
        
             (a) receipt from the VZ Company Works Council of:
        
                    (i)  an unconditional advice permitting the Seller and BeneluxCo to pursue the (subject
                         matters of the) Proposed Decision;
        

                                                                                                                 Page 24 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      (ii)    an advice regarding the Proposed Decision with conditions (including commitments)
                             reasonably acceptable to BeneluxCo and the Seller in accordance with Clause 6.16; or                 
        
                                                                                                                               
                      (iii)   an unconditional and irrevocable waiver in writing of the right of the VZ Company
                              Works Council to render advice with respect to the Proposed Decision, and

                       the VZ Company having adopted a resolution in respect of the (relevant aspects of the)
                       Proposed Decision that is compliant with the VZ Company Works Council’s advice (which
                       the Parties (other than the Loan Seller) undertake to procure upon any of (i) through (iii)
                       above being received); or
        
               (b)    to the extent none of the situations described under Clause 6.17(a) occur, the adoption of a
                      resolution by the VZ Company (which the Parties (other than the Loan Seller) undertake to
                      procure), in respect of the (relevant aspects of the) Proposed Decision that deviates from
                      the advice of the VZ Company Works Council and:
        
                      (i)     receipt in writing by the VZ Company from the VZ Company Works Council of an
                              unconditional and irrevocable waiver of:
        
                              (A)   the applicable waiting period in accordance with article 25(6) of the Dutch Works
                                    Councils Act; and
        
                              (B)   its right to initiate legal proceedings pursuant to article 26 of the Dutch Works
                                    Councils Act; or
        
                      (ii)    expiry of the applicable waiting period pursuant to article 25(6) of the Dutch Works
                              Councils Act, without the VZ Company Works Council having initiated legal proceedings
                              pursuant to article 26 of the Dutch Works Councils Act; or
        
                      (iii)   if the VZ Company Works Council initiates legal proceedings pursuant to article 26 of
                              the Dutch Works Councils to appeal against the resolution referred to in this Clause
                              6.17(b), the Enterprise Chamber of the Amsterdam Court of Appeal
                              (Ondernemingskamer Hof Amsterdam) having dismissed the appeal to the effect that
                              no measures obstructing the (relevant aspects of the) Proposed Transaction are
                              imposed and the dismissal of the Enterprise Chamber having become final and binding
                              or such legal proceedings have otherwise been terminated in a manner permitting the
                              (relevant aspects of the) Proposed Transaction to proceed.
        
             Conduct in respect of the Trade Union Condition
        
        6.18 The VZ Company has, immediately prior to signing of this Agreement, notified the SER and the
             Trade Unions of the proposed sale of the Sale Shares in writing on behalf of itself, the Seller,
             BeneluxCo and the LG Shareholder and invited the Trade Unions for a consultation meeting.
             Clauses 6.13 and 6.15 of this Agreement shall apply mutatis mutandis to
        

                                                                                                                 Page 25 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               the provision of responses to questions of the SER and the Trade Unions or the conduct of the
              consultation with the Trade Unions, save that no correspondence, written documents or materials                    
               shall be issued to the Trade Unions and no commitments shall be made to the Trade Unions
               without the prior consent of BeneluxCo (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or
               delayed). The Trade Union Condition shall be deemed satisfied if the Trade Unions have been given
               a reasonable opportunity to provide their viewpoint which shall be deemed to be on the earlier of:
               (i) six weeks after the date of this Agreement, or (ii) confirmation from each Trade Union that
               they do not wish to be consulted.
        
             Conduct in respect of EWC Condition
        
        6.19 The Parties acknowledge that the European works council of Liberty Global Holding Limited (the
             LG EWC) may have information and/or consultation rights with respect to (certain aspects of) the
             Proposed Transaction pursuant to the Liberty Global European works council agreement between
             Liberty Global Holding Limited (LGH Ltd) and the LG EWC dated                  [***]     (the EWC
             Agreement). The LG Shareholder shall procure that as soon as reasonably practicable after the
             date of this Agreement, the LG EWC shall be informed of the (relevant aspects of the) Proposed
             Transaction that the applicable information and/or consultation procedures will be initiated in
             accordance with the EWC Agreement. The LG Shareholder shall procure the expeditious conduct
             and completion of the process with the LG EWC, with the objective of completing the process
             within      [***]     from the date of this Agreement. The Parties shall provide such cooperation to
             the LG Shareholder or its relevant Affiliate as is reasonably required in connection with this
             process.
        
        6.20 The EWC Condition shall be satisfied if the LG EWC has been given a reasonable opportunity to
             provide their viewpoint on the relevant aspects of the Proposed Transaction in accordance with the
             EWC Agreement and the designated management of LGH Ltd having responded to such views, or
             upon receipt of a confirmation from the LG EWC that they do not wish to be consulted, but in any
             event the EWC Condition shall be deemed satisfied once each of the other Conditions have been
             fulfilled or waived in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
        
             Conduct in respect of the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Condition
        
        6.21 Subject to Clauses 8 and 18.2, the LG Shareholder shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that
             the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Condition is fulfilled promptly after the date of this Agreement and
             in any event prior to the Longstop Date.
        
        6.22 By entering into this Agreement and without prejudice to any other rights it may have, the Seller
             agrees to, to the extent required, provide in its capacity as a shareholder of the VZ Company all
             such cooperation as may be reasonably required in relation to the implementation of the
             BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps.

                [***]
        

                                                                                                                 Page 26 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        6.23 Each of the LG Shareholder and the Seller shall use reasonable efforts to procure that the
            [***]        is fulfilled promptly after the date of this Agreement and in any event prior to the                    
             Longstop Date.
                                                                                                                   
        
        6.24 Each of the LG Shareholder, BeneluxCo and the Seller shall use reasonable efforts to procure that
             the       [***]          is fulfilled promptly after the date of this Agreement and in any event prior
             to the Longstop Date, including:
        
             (a) [***];
        
             (b) the LG Shareholder and the Seller shall fully co-operate and negotiate in good faith with the
                   other and prepare, discuss, negotiate and agree the             [***]     acting reasonably and
                   on the basis of, and in accordance with, [***]

                              ; and
        
               (c)    neither the Seller nor BeneluxCo shall unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent
                      or agreement to any term or provision of the
                              [***]       .
        
        7.     Closing
        
        7.1    Closing shall take place at the offices of BeneluxCo’s lawyers either:
        
               (a)    on such date which is          [***]        following the Conditions Fulfilment Date; or
        
               (b)    on such other date as the Seller and BeneluxCo may agree in writing.
        
        7.2    At Closing the Parties shall deliver or perform (or ensure that there is delivered or performed) all
               those documents, items and actions respectively listed in relation to that Party or any of its
               Affiliates (as the case may be) in Schedule 4 (Closing Arrangements) (the Closing Obligations).
        
        7.3    If the Vodafone Sellers (on the one hand) or BeneluxCo and/or the LG Shareholder (on the other)
               fails to comply with any Material Closing Obligation then the non-defaulting Party shall be entitled
               (in addition to and without prejudice to any other rights and remedies that may be available to
               that Party) by written notice to the Seller (if the Seller or the Loan Seller is in default) or
               BeneluxCo (if BeneluxCo and/or the LG Shareholder is in default) to:
        
               (a)    require Closing to take place so far as practicable having regard to the default(s) which have
                      occurred;
        
               (b)    notify the Party or Parties in default of a new date for Closing (being not more than
                      [***]       after the original date for Closing), in which case the provisions of this Clause 7
                      (other than this Clause
        

                                                                                                                 Page 27 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      7.3) and Schedule 4 (Closing Arrangements) shall apply to Closing as so deferred but on the
                     basis that such deferral may only occur once; or                                                             
        
                                                                                                                               
               (c)    subject to Closing having been deferred once under Clause 7.3(b), terminate this Agreement
                      (other than the Surviving Provisions) by notice in writing to the Seller (if the Seller or the
                      Loan Seller is in default) or BeneluxCo (if BeneluxCo and/or the LG Shareholder is in
                      default).
        
        7.4    In case the Parties carry out all Material Closing Obligations but the Vodafone Sellers (on the one
               hand) or BeneluxCo and/or the LG Shareholder (on the other hand) fail to carry out any Closing
               Obligation that is not a Material Closing Obligation, the Parties shall proceed to Closing and, to the
               extent that any such Closing Obligation is not carried out at Closing, the Party or Parties in default
               shall (without affecting any other rights and remedies available to the other) use all reasonable
               endeavours to ensure that such obligation is fulfilled as soon as practicable following Closing.
        
        7.5    Subject to and with effect from Closing, each of the Parties other than the Loan Seller (on behalf
               of themselves and as agent for their respective Affiliates) hereby agrees that the Existing VZ SHA
               is terminated and ceases to have effect, and irrevocably waives and releases in full any and all
               claims, demands or rights of action which such Party or its Affiliates have under or resulting from
               the Existing VZ SHA. The LG Shareholder and the Vodafone Sellers shall procure that the VZ
               Company shall take such steps as are necessary to terminate the Existing VZ SHA and enter into
               a waiver and release on the same terms of this Clause 7.5.
        
        8.     Specific Indemnities
        
        8.1    Subject to Closing, the provisions of this Agreement and the applicable provisions of Schedule 8
               (Limitations on Liability), the Seller shall indemnify and hold harmless BeneluxCo for an amount
               equal to:
        
               (a)    50 per cent. of the amount of any fines or penalties of any nature pursuant to the legislation
                      listed in this Clause (a), whether of an administrative or criminal nature payable to any
                      relevant Governmental Entity, including but not limited to those listed in this Clause 8.1(a),
                      against any member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group as a result of any breach of any of
                      the following Laws, in each case by any VZ Group Company prior to Closing:
        
                      (i)   Cybersecurity.
        
                            (A)   by the Rijksinspectie Digitale Infrastructuur (the RDI) in respect of the Regeling
                                  veiligheid en integriteit telecommunicatie (the Regulation on Telecoms Security
                                  and Integrity);
        

                                                                                                                 Page 28 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                             (B)   by the RDI in respect of Articles 11a.1 and 11a.2 of the Telecommunicatiewet
                                  (Dutch Telecommunications Act);                                                                 
        
                                                                                                                               
                             (C)   by the RDI in respect of the Verordening cyberweerbaarheid (EU Cyber Resilience
                                   Act); and
        
                             (D)   by the RDI in respect of the Cyberbeveiligingsverordening (EU Cybersecurity
                                   Act); and
        
                             (E)   the Verordening voor ICT-bescherming financiële sector (EU Digital Operational
                                   Resilience Act).
        
                      (ii)   Mobile Emergency Services: in respect of any breach of Article 7.7 and Article 14.1
                             Dutch Telecommunications Act, relating to the operation, availability, resilience,
                             reliability, compliance or performance of mobile services in order to allow, ensure, or
                             facilitate access to emergency services and/or transmission of public safety and
                             emergency alerts, including any ancillary obligations; and
        
               (b)    50 per cent. of the amount of any Losses suffered or incurred by BeneluxCo or the relevant
                      member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group arising out of or in connection with any claims
                      brought by third parties as a result a breach by a VZ Group Company of any of the Laws
                      referred to in Clause 8.1(a); and
        
               (c)    50 per cent. of the amount of any Losses suffered or incurred by BeneluxCo or the relevant
                      member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group defending and/or appealing any fines,
                      penalties, actions or investigations by a Governmental Entity (including any costs reasonably
                      incurred in investigations reasonably necessary in connection with such defences or appeals)
                      in respect of any actual or alleged breach by a VZ Group Company of the Laws referred to in
                      Clause 8.1(a) or any claims referred to in Clause 8.1(b); and
        
               (d)    100 per cent. of the amount of any liability to Tax (or amounts in respect of Tax) suffered or
                      incurred by any VZ Group Company, any member of the BeneluxCo Group,                 [***]     or
                      any of their respective Affiliates (or that would have been payable or suffered but for the use
                      or set-off of any Relief) as a direct result of or directly in connection with the      [***]
                      (including, for the avoidance of doubt, as a result of any crystallisation of a gain triggered by
                      the [***] or a recapture of rollover relief applied to the      [***]     ),
        
                      (together, the BeneluxCo Indemnities).
        
        8.2    For the avoidance of doubt, no remedial actions (whether necessary or desirable) in relation any
               breach described by Clause 8.1(a), 8.1(b) and 8.1(c), and no costs incurred, paid or payable in
               connection with such
        

                                                                                                                 Page 29 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               remedial action, shall be undertaken or borne by the Vodafone Sellers or any member of the Seller
              Group.                                                                                                              
        
                                                                                                                               
        8.3    In connection with the BeneluxCo Indemnities:
        
               (a)    upon BeneluxCo or any member of the VZ Group becoming aware of any claim, action or
                      demand against any member of the VZ Group by a third party that is reasonably likely to
                      give rise to a BeneluxCo Indemnity Claim (a Third Party Claim), the LG Shareholder shall
                      procure that BeneluxCo shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming so aware,
                      give written notice thereof to the Seller; and
        
               (b)    the LG Shareholder shall procure that BeneluxCo shall procure that the relevant VZ Group
                      Companies shall:
        
                      (i)     subject to any duties of confidentiality (including legal privilege) and applicable Law,
                              provide the Seller with information in respect of any material developments in relation
                              to such Third Party Claim and provide the Seller with any material information in
                              relation to the conduct of such Third Party Claim as may be reasonably requested by
                              the Seller;
        
                      (ii)    not, without the Seller’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or
                              delayed), make any admission of liability, agreement or settlement with the relevant
                              Governmental Entity or third party, as the case may be, in relation to any such Third
                              Party Claim or make any decision not to appeal any judgment in relation to such Third
                              Party Claim to the extent that (i) such admission of liability, agreement, settlement or
                              compromise would give rise to a claim under the BeneluxCo Indemnities and (ii) the
                              Third Party Claim involves or is reasonably likely to involve Losses in excess of
                              [***] per individual claim and in excess of [***] of Losses in respect of all Third
                              Party Claims that are based on the same underlying events or circumstances; and
        
                      (iii)   pursue, or defend against, such claim, action or demand in good faith and as if the
                              indemnity under Clause 8.1 did not exist.
        
               (c)    in so far as the BeneluxCo Indemnity under Clause 8.1(d) is concerned:
        
                      (i)     the LG Shareholder shall procure that the VZ Company takes such action and gives
                              such information and assistance in connection with the affairs of the VZ Company as
                              the Seller may reasonably and promptly by written notice request to avoid, dispute,
                              resist, appeal, compromise or defend the subject matter of any BeneluxCo Indemnity
                              Claim under Clause 8.1(d), provided that the Seller shall indemnify the VZ
        

                                                                                                                 Page 30 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                              Company against all losses, costs, damages and expenses to the extent that the same
                             would not have arisen or been incurred but for the Seller having exercised any rights                
                              under this Clause 8.3(c)(i); and
                                                                                                                               
        
                      (ii)    the actions which the Seller may reasonably request under Clause 8.3(c)(i) include
                              (without limitation) the VZ Company applying to postpone (so far as legally possible)
                              the payment of any Tax and/or allowing the Seller to direct the conduct of all or any
                              proceedings of whatsoever nature arising in connection with the subject matter of any
                              BeneluxCo Indemnity Claim under Clause 8.1(d);
        
                      (iii)   where there is to be any meeting or telephone call with any Tax Authority with respect
                              to the subject matter of any BeneluxCo Indemnity Claim under Clause 8.1(d), without
                              prejudice to the Seller’s right to direct the conduct of any such meeting or call, the VZ
                              Company shall be entitled to nominate an individual to attend and participate in such
                              meeting or call; and
        
                      (iv)    provided that:
        
                              (A)   if prior to, or as a condition of, taking any action requested by the Seller under
                                    Clause 8.3(c)(i) any member of the BeneluxCo Group,                [***]    or their
                                    respective Affiliates is obliged to pay to, or lodge with, any Tax Authority any Tax
                                    or other amount (the Tax Payment), the LG Shareholder shall not be required to
                                    procure that any such action is taken unless and until the Seller pays to
                                    BeneluxCo an amount equal to the Tax Payment, subject to an amount equal to
                                    the Tax Payment being promptly refunded by BeneluxCo to the Seller if the Tax
                                    Payment is refunded; and
        
                              (B)   if the action requested by the Seller under Clause 8.3(c)(i) involves an appeal
                                    against a decision of any Tax Authority, Tax tribunal or court, the LG Shareholder
                                    shall not be required to procure such action unless the Seller has obtained (at
                                    the Seller’s expense) the opinion of tax counsel of their choosing of at least ten
                                    (10) years’ standing who is acceptable to the VZ Company (acting reasonably)
                                    that the appeal has a reasonable prospect of success,

                               if BeneluxCo reasonably believes that any of the steps which the Seller takes or
                               procures to be taken pursuant to this clause are detrimental to its business interests,
                               the LG Shareholder (represented by       [***]     ), BeneluxCo (represented by
                               [***]     ) and the Vodafone Sellers
        

                                                                                                                 Page 31 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                                        (represented by          [***]        ) shall discuss in good faith.
                                                                                                                                
        8.4    Subject to Closing and to the applicable provisions in Schedule 8 (Limitations on Liability),
                                                                                                                    
               BeneluxCo shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller from and against an amount equal to any
               and all Losses (excluding Tax, except with respect to any Losses arising from or relating to Clause
               8.4(a)(i) or Clause 8.4(b), in each case with respect to which Tax shall not be excluded if it arises
               as a direct result of or directly in consequence of such matters) suffered or incurred by the Seller
               and/or any other member of the Seller Group, or by BeneluxCo or any other member of the Post-
               Closing BeneluxCo Group, as applicable, arising out of or in connection with (whether arising
               before, on or after Closing):
        
               (a)    the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps on the following grounds:
        
                      (i)     any transfers, steps or actions taken or required to be taken or, if required, failed to be
                              taken, to implement the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps (or any part thereof) in
                              accordance with its terms and applicable Law and the impact of any amendment to the
                              BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps;
        
                      (ii)    to the extent not already recovered pursuant to Clause 3.2, any external fees, costs
                              and expenses incurred or payable by any member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo
                              Group in relation to the BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps (but excluding, for the
                              avoidance of doubt, any overhead costs);
        
                      (iii)   any claims and Liabilities from or to any existing or former employees or consultants of
                              any member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group arising from the BeneluxCo
                              Reorganisation Steps;
        
                      (iv)    the transfer to PlatformCo of assets and Liabilities (including in accordance with the
                              BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps), the acquisition by BeneluxCo of PlatformCo and/or
                              otherwise arising in relation to PlatformCo in relation to the period prior to Closing;
                              and
        
               (b)    the Non-Core Telenet Assets, including the disposal thereof.

                For the purposes of this Clause 8.4, BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps means: (i) the
                BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps, (ii) such steps plans as amended, either in whole or in part,
                from time to time, whether in accordance with Clause 4.3(d) or otherwise, and (iii) each
                individual step of (i) and (ii).
        
        8.5    Subject to Closing, a Claim under Clause 8.4 shall be the sole remedy of the Seller in respect of or
               in connection with the matters set out in Clauses 8.4(a) and 8.4(b) and, accordingly, no Party
               shall be entitled to bring a claim under or for breach of Clauses 4.3, 6.1(l) and 6.21 (or otherwise)
               in respect of the matters set out in Clauses 8.4(a) and 8.4(b) other than under Clause 8.4.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 32 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        8.6    Subject to the applicable provisions in Schedule 8 (Limitations on Liability) and without prejudice
              to Clause 3.2 (Leakage), BeneluxCo shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller from and against                   
               any and all Losses suffered or incurred by BeneluxCo or any other member of the Post-Closing
               BeneluxCo Group in respect of claims by any third party purchaser(s) arising directly and solely
               from any Wyre Monarch Transaction, but only in relation to such portion of the Losses that
               correspond to the Wyre Shares sold in excess of       [***]        of the Wyre Shares.
        
        8.7    For the avoidance of doubt, the indemnities in Clauses 8.1, 8.4 and 8.6 shall apply irrespective of
               whether the LG Shareholder or BeneluxCo or the Vodafone Sellers, as applicable, or any of their
               respective Related Persons, had knowledge (actual, constructive or imputed) of the relevant facts,
               matters or circumstances prior to entering into this Agreement, and shall not be limited by any
               materiality, knowledge or awareness qualifications contained elsewhere in this Agreement.
        
        9.     Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties
        
        9.1    The Vodafone Sellers hereby warrant to BeneluxCo as at the date of this Agreement (by reference
               to the facts and circumstances then existing) in the terms of the Vodafone Sellers Warranties.
               Each Vodafone Sellers’ Warranty shall be construed separately and independently and (except as
               expressly otherwise provided) no Vodafone Sellers’ Warranty shall be limited by reference to any
               other Vodafone Sellers’ Warranty. The Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties shall be deemed to be
               repeated immediately before Closing by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing as
               if references in the Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties to the date of this Agreement were references to
               the date of Closing.
        
        9.2    Except in the case of fraud, the BeneluxCo Shareholder acknowledges that it does not rely on and
               has not been induced to enter into this Agreement on the basis of any warranties,
               representations, covenants, undertakings indemnities or other statements of the Vodafone Sellers
               other than as set out in the Agreement.
        
        9.3    The BeneluxCo Shareholder acknowledges and agrees that any claim under Clause 9.1 may only
               be brought following Closing.
        
        9.4    The Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties are given subject to the limitations set out in Schedule 8
               (Limitations on Liability).
        
        10. BeneluxCo Warranties
        
        10.1 BeneluxCo hereby warrants to the Vodafone Sellers as at the date of this Agreement (by reference
             to the facts and circumstances then existing) in the terms of the statements set forth in:
        
             (a) Part A (BeneluxCo Capacity Warranties) of Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties); and
        

                                                                                                                 Page 33 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (b)    Part B (Telenet Warranties) of Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties), but excluding the
                     statement set forth in paragraph 2(c) of Part B (Telenet Warranties) of Schedule 6                           
                      (BeneluxCo Warranties).
                                                                                                                               
                The BeneluxCo Capacity Warranties and Telenet Warranties (other than the Telenet Warranty set
                out in paragraph 3(b)(ii) of Part B (Telenet Warranties) of Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties))
                shall be deemed to be repeated immediately before Closing (by reference to the facts and
                circumstances then existing) as if references in the BeneluxCo Warranties and Telenet Warranties
                to the date of this Agreement were references to the date of Closing.
        
        10.2 BeneluxCo hereby warrants to the Vodafone Sellers immediately before Closing (by reference to
             the facts and circumstances then existing) in the terms of the statements set forth in Part C
             (PlatformCo Warranties) of Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties).
        
        10.3 Except in the case of fraud, the Vodafone Sellers acknowledge that they do not rely on and have
             not been induced to enter into this Agreement on the basis of any warranties, representations,
             covenants, undertakings indemnities or other statements of BeneluxCo other than as set out in
             the Agreement.
        
        10.4 The Vodafone Sellers acknowledge and agree that any claim under Clause

                     10.1 and 10.2 may only be brought following Closing.
        
        10.5 The BeneluxCo Warranties are given subject to the limitations set out in Schedule 8 (Limitations
             on Liability).
        
        11. LG Warranties
        
        11.1 LG Shareholder hereby warrants to the Vodafone Sellers as at the date of this Agreement (by
             reference to the facts and circumstances then existing) in the terms of the statements set forth in
             Schedule 7 (LG Warranties). The LG Warranties shall be deemed to be repeated immediately
             before Closing by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing as if references in the LG
             Warranties to the date of this Agreement were references to the date of Closing.
        
        11.2 Except in the case of fraud, the Vodafone Sellers acknowledge that they do not rely on and have
             not been induced to enter into this Agreement on the basis of any warranties, representations,
             covenants, undertakings indemnities or other statements of the LG Shareholder other than as set
             out in the Agreement.
        
        11.3 The Vodafone Sellers acknowledge and agree that any claim under Clause 11.1 may only be
             brought following Closing.
        
        11.4 The LG Warranties are given subject to the limitations set out in Schedule 8 (Limitations on
             Liability).
        

                                                                                                                 Page 34 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        12. Termination
                                                                                                                                
        12.1 If the Conditions Fulfilment Date has not occurred on or before the Longstop Date, either the
                                                                                                            
             Vodafone Sellers or BeneluxCo may (but shall be under no obligation to) postpone the Longstop
             Date, by notice to the other Parties, by              [***]       after the Longstop Date (the
             Longstop Date, as so postponed, being the Postponed Long Stop Date).
        
        12.2 If, in the circumstances set out in Clause 12.1, either:
        
             (a) the Longstop Date is not postponed; or
        
             (b) the Conditions Fulfilment Date has not occurred on the Postponed Longstop Date,

                subject to Clause 12.3, this Agreement shall be capable of termination by any Party immediately
                on written notice to the other Parties.
        
        12.3 If this Agreement terminates in accordance with Clause 12.2, and without limiting any Party’s
             rights to claim damages in respect of the period prior to termination, all obligations of the Parties
             under this Agreement shall end, except for the Surviving Provisions, but all rights and liabilities of
             the Parties which have accrued before termination shall continue to exist.
        
        13. Terminating Intra-Group Arrangements
        
        13.1 The Parties acknowledge that the Vodafone Sellers and certain of their Affiliates and certain of the
             VZ Group Companies are party to the Terminating Intra-group Arrangements.
        
        13.2 Except as provided for in a Transaction Document, the Vodafone Sellers (on behalf of themselves
             and as agent for their relevant Affiliates) and the LG Shareholder (as agent for the relevant VZ
             Group Companies) hereby with effect from Closing agree that the Terminating Intra-Group
             Arrangements shall terminate in each case by mutual consent of the parties to the relevant
             Terminating Intra-Group Arrangements, provided that such termination shall not affect (i) any
             claims for amounts due in relation to, and pursuant to, such Terminating Intra-Group
             Arrangement in the ordinary course, or (ii) any other rights, remedies and claims which a party to
             a Terminating Intra-Group Arrangement may have against the other party (or any of its Affiliates)
             under the relevant Terminating Intra-Group Arrangements which have accrued as at the date of
             termination.
        
        13.3 Each of the Vodafone Sellers and the LG Shareholder shall cause their respective Affiliates to take
             all actions and execute such documents required to duly terminate the Terminating Intra-Group
             Arrangements (if any) with effect from Closing and settle any outstanding amounts due in relation
             to, and pursuant to, such Terminating Intra-Group Arrangement in accordance with their terms.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 35 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        14. Obligations of the LG Shareholder
                                                                                                                                
        14.1 In consideration of the Vodafone Sellers entering into this Agreement, and without prejudice to
                                                                                                                    
             any other obligation specifically undertaken by the LG Shareholder hereunder, the LG Shareholder
             hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to each Vodafone Seller the prompt, due and
             punctual performance and observance by BeneluxCo of BeneluxCo’s obligations, commitments or
             undertakings (i) under Clause 4.3 and (ii) to pay any amounts under or in connection with this
             Agreement, including the Consideration, any BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation under Clause 3.2
             and any Seller Claim or Seller Indemnity Claim (the LG Guaranteed Obligations) as an
             additional obligor thereof, and, therefore, the LG Shareholder, agrees to indemnify and hold
             harmless each Vodafone Seller, as the case may be, against all Losses suffered or incurred by a
             Vodafone Seller as a result of any failure or delay by BeneluxCo to discharge or perform any of
             the LG Guaranteed Obligations.
        
        14.2 The liability of the LG Shareholder under this Clause 14 shall not be prejudiced, released,
             diminished or otherwise adversely affected by:
        
             (a) any variation or waiver of the terms of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document
                    (whether or not agreed by the LG Shareholder);
        
             (b) any forbearance, neglect or delay in seeking performance of the obligations hereby imposed
                    or any granting of time for such performance; or
        
             (c) any other act, event, neglect or omission (whether or not known to BeneluxCo or the LG
                    Shareholder) which would or might (but for this Clause) operate to impair or discharge such
                    liability or afford the LG Shareholder any legal or equitable defence.
        
        14.3 If and whenever BeneluxCo defaults for any reason whatsoever in the performance, in whole or
             part, of the LG Guaranteed Obligations (and such non-fulfilment is not cured by BeneluxCo within
                         [***]              from the written request to do so by the Seller), the LG Shareholder
             shall forthwith upon demand by the Seller, perform (or procure performance of by any of its
             Affiliates) and satisfy (or procure the satisfaction of by any of its Affiliates) the LG Guaranteed
             Obligations in regard to which such default has been made in the manner prescribed by this
             Agreement and so that the same benefits shall be conferred on the Vodafone Sellers as would
             have been received if such obligation under the relevant LG Guaranteed Obligation had been duly
             and promptly performed and satisfied by BeneluxCo.
        
        14.4 This guarantee is to be a continuing guarantee and accordingly is to remain in force until the date
             that all the LG Guaranteed Obligations have been performed or satisfied pursuant to this
             Agreement.
        
        14.5 This guarantee is in addition to, without limiting and not in substitution for, any rights or security
             which the Vodafone Sellers may now or after the date
        

                                                                                                                 Page 36 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               of this Agreement have or hold for the performance and observance of the LG Guaranteed
              Obligations under or in connection with this Agreement, and may be enforced by the Vodafone                         
               Sellers without taking any steps or proceedings against BeneluxCo.
                                                                                                                               
        
        14.6 In addition to all of the above, as a separate and independent stipulation, the LG Shareholder
             agrees that any LG Guaranteed Obligations which may not be enforceable against or recoverable
             from BeneluxCo by reason of any legal limitation on or of BeneluxCo or any fact or circumstance
             (other than any relevant limitation imposed by this Agreement) shall nevertheless be enforceable
             against and recoverable from the LG Shareholder as though the same had been incurred by the
             LG Shareholder and the LG Shareholder were the sole or principal obligor in respect thereof and
             shall be performed or paid by the LG Shareholder on demand.
        
        15. Information, Records and Assistance Post-Closing
        
        15.1 For five [***] (or, in respect of Tax, [***] ) following the Closing Date:
        
             (a) without prejudice to the provisions of the SHA, BeneluxCo shall provide, and procure its
                   Affiliates to provide, the Vodafone Sellers (at the relevant Vodafone Seller’s cost) with
                   reasonable access at reasonable times to (and the right to take copies of) the books,
                   accounts, and other records held by BeneluxCo or any of its Affiliates after Closing to the
                   extent that they relate to the VZ Group Companies and to the period up to Closing (except
                   for any documents that are attorney-client privileged) (the BeneluxCo Records) but only
                   for the purpose of accounting, regulatory or Tax (including dealing with the Tax affairs of any
                   member of the Seller Group) requirements and provided that any information obtained
                   under this Clause 15.1(a) shall only be used for the purpose for which access was granted;
                   and
        
             (b) the Vodafone Sellers shall provide BeneluxCo (at BeneluxCo’s cost) with reasonable access
                   at reasonable times to (and the right to take copies of) the books, accounts, and other
                   records held by the Vodafone Sellers after Closing to the extent that they relate to the VZ
                   Group Companies and to the period up to Closing (except for any documents that are
                   attorney-client privileged) (the Seller Records) but only for the purpose of accounting,
                   regulatory or Tax (including dealing with the Tax affairs of any member of the BeneluxCo
                   Group) requirements provided that any information obtained under this Clause 15.1(b) shall
                   only be used for the purpose for which access was granted.
        
        15.2 For     [***]      following the Closing Date:
        
             (a) no member of the BeneluxCo Group shall dispose of, or destroy any of, the BeneluxCo
                   Records necessary for the preparation of any Tax Return or regulatory filing by the Vodafone
                   Sellers (or any member of the Seller Group) without first giving the relevant Vodafone Seller
        

                                                                                                                 Page 37 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      at least   [***]     notice of its intention to do so and giving the Seller a reasonable
                     opportunity to remove and retain any of them (at the relevant Vodafone Seller’s expense);                    
                      and
                                                                                                                               
        
               (b)    no member of the Seller Group shall dispose of or destroy any of the Seller Records
                      necessary for the preparation of any Tax Return or regulatory filing by BeneluxCo (or any
                      member of the BeneluxCo Group) without first giving BeneluxCo at        [***]    notice of
                      its intention to do so and giving BeneluxCo a reasonable opportunity to remove and retain
                      any of such records (at BeneluxCo’s expense).
        
        16. Restrictive Covenants
        
        16.1 Subject to Clause 16.2, the Seller undertakes to BeneluxCo that it and its Affiliates shall not,
             either alone or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other person, be engaged or be directly or
             indirectly interested in carrying on, for itself or by means of investments in other entities, any
             Restricted Business.
        
        16.2 For the purposes of this Agreement, Restricted Business means the business of operating and
             maintaining in the Territory as a network operator, mobile virtual network operator, reseller or
             other provider, whether to retail, enterprise or wholesale customers: (i) fixed line
             telecommunications services; (ii) mobile telecommunications services; (iii) fixed line or mobile
             broadband telecommunications services; (iv) pay television platform services; (v) video on
             demand services; and (vi) the production, ownership and licensing of sports channels (for so long
             as the businesses in (i) to (vi) are carried on by the VZ Group Companies).
        
        16.3 Subject to the two ROFO rows of the Brand Licence Agreement Term Sheet and the Brand Licence
             Agreement, in so far as it is amended to include such rows, nothing in Clause 16.1 shall prevent
             the Seller or its Affiliates from:
        
             (a) owning securities (including convertible and exchangeable instruments) in any listed
                   company provided that such securities do not exceed          [***]    . in nominal value of the
                   securities in that company or other entity, provided that the Seller and/or its Affiliates shall
                   not be granted or receive any rights to nominate or appoint a director or other
                   representative to the board (or equivalent) of that body corporate;
        
             (b) owning or acquiring in a single transaction or a series of related transactions any one or
                   more companies and/or businesses (taken together, the Acquired Business) where at the
                   time of the acquisition the activities of the Acquired Business include a Restricted Business
                   (the Acquired Restricted Business), if the turnover attributed to the Acquired Restricted
                   Business (if applicable, in the financial year prior to the envisaged acquisition) accounts for
                   less than        [***]     . of the turnover of the Acquired Business as a whole and provided
                   that the Acquired Restricted Business turnover does
        

                                                                                                                 Page 38 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      not increase until the expiration of the period set forth in Clause 16.7;
                                                                                                                                
               (c)    performing its obligations under the Transaction Documents and/or under any other
                                                                                                              
                      agreement which it may enter into with (i) a member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group
                      or (ii) the LG Shareholder or its Affiliates;
        
               (d)    [***];
        
               (e)    providing International Roaming Services;
        
               (f)    providing Sponsored Roaming Services;
        
               (g)    providing International Voice Services;
        
               (h)    providing IPX Services;
        
               (i)    providing Global Enterprise Services;
        
               (j)    the tender and provision (directly or indirectly) of network, digital, business process
                      outsourcing and ancillary services and support to enterprise customers, and their subsidiary
                      undertakings, with operations in the Territory;
        
               (k)    providing IoT Services;
        
               (l)    providing Automotive Services;
        
               (m) providing Carrier Services;
        
               (n)    point-to-point international connectivity services (including Ethernet Wireline and private
                      circuits) that originate in the Territory and terminate outside of the Territory and are
                      purchased by and billed to a customer outside of the Territory;
        
               (o)    point-to-multipoint international connectivity services (including Ethernet Virtual Private
                      Network, Internet Protocol Virtual Private Network and Software Defined Wide Area
                      Network) that originate in the Territory and terminate outside the Territory and are
                      purchased by and billed to a customer outside of the Territory;
        
               (p)    point-to-point connectivity services in the Territory that are carried out on the international
                      network infrastructure of the Seller Group and are provided solely to connect the submarine
                      cable systems of the Seller Group terminating in the Territory;
        
               (q)    Travel e-SIM Services, provided that such services are not: (i) provided from a physical
                      point of sale in the Territory; (ii) actively marketed to customers in the Netherlands through
                      national or local marketing campaigns in the Territory; or (iii) provided from a website in the
                      Dutch language or with the suffix “.nl”;
        

                                                                                                                 Page 39 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (r)    Satco Services provided that such services are not provided directly to B2C or B2B end
                     customers in the Territory (for the avoidance of doubt, the exclusion to this carve out will                 
                      not prevent the Seller and its Affiliates from offering services to MNOs);
                                                                                                                               
        
               (s)    providing any services or support (including, without limitation, group, corporate, treasury,
                      M&A, tax, accounting, operational, technical, network infrastructure, warehousing, inventory
                      management, back office support services) from any location within the Territory; and
        
               (t)    holding any interest in any body corporate that: (i) operates as a holding company;
                      (ii) carries out the activities of leasing, acquiring, owning, commercialising and/or operating
                      telecommunication towers, masts, small cells and DAS sites and/or associated infrastructure
                      (or holding any interest in any body corporate that carries out such activities); or
                      (iii) otherwise carries on any business not otherwise restricted by this Clause 16.
        
        16.4 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Clause 16 shall restrict or prevent the Seller or its
             Affiliates from providing any services or carrying out any activities described in Clause 16.3 using
             the Brand (as defined in the Brand Licence Agreement).
        
        16.5 Subject to Clauses 16.6 and 16.7, the Seller undertakes to BeneluxCo that it will not, and that it
             will procure that its Affiliates will not, either alone or in conjunction with or on behalf of any other
             person directly or indirectly without the prior consent of BeneluxCo (such consent not to be
             unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), solicit or entice away from the employment of
             any of the VZ Group Companies, any employee of the VZ Group Companies reporting directly to
             any member of the board of directors of the VZ Company, in each case as at the date of this
             Agreement.
        
        16.6 The undertakings in Clause 16.1 shall not prevent the Seller and its Affiliates from considering and
             accepting an application made by an employee of a VZ Group Company:
        
             (a) in response to a recruitment advertisement published generally and not specifically directed
                    at employees of any of the VZ Group Companies;
        
             (b) who is no longer employed by a VZ Group Company; or
        
             (c) who contacts the Seller or one of its Affiliates on their own initiative and without any direct
                    or indirect solicitation from the Seller or any of its Affiliates.
        
        16.7 The undertakings given by the Seller in Clauses 16.1 and 16.5 shall apply from the Closing Date
             until the date falling        [***]     following the Closing Date, it being understood that each
             undertaking shall terminate with immediate effect upon a listing of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo
             Group.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 40 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        16.8 Each of the undertakings set out in this Clause 16 is given to BeneluxCo and to each of its
            Affiliates. The Seller acknowledges that each of the undertakings set out in this Clause 16 is an                    
             entirely independent undertaking, including in respect of each activity and each part of the
             Territory, which is severable and is no greater than is reasonably necessary to protect the
             interests of BeneluxCo and its Affiliates. If one or more of the undertakings (or part thereof) is
             held to be or becomes invalid or unenforceable in any respect under the Law of any jurisdiction,
             the remaining undertakings or portions thereof, as applicable, shall continue to be enforceable
             against the Seller and its Affiliates and the Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to replace the
             unenforceable undertaking with a valid and enforceable substitute provision the effect of which is
             as close to its intended effect as possible.
        
        17. Payments
        
        17.1 Any payment to be made pursuant to this Agreement by BeneluxCo (or any member of the Post-
             Closing BeneluxCo Group) to the Vodafone Sellers (or any member of the Seller Group) shall, save
             where provided otherwise in this Agreement, be made to the Vodafone Sellers’ Bank Account.
        
        17.2 Any payment to be made pursuant to this Agreement by the Vodafone Sellers (or any member of
             the Seller Group) to BeneluxCo (or any member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group) shall, save
             where provided otherwise in this Agreement, be made to BeneluxCo’s Bank Account. BeneluxCo
             agrees to pay each member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group that part of each payment to
             which it is entitled.
        
        17.3 Payments under Clause 17.1 and 17.2 shall be in immediately available funds by electronic
             transfer on the due date for payment. Receipt of the amount due shall be an effective discharge of
             the relevant payment obligation.
        
        17.4 All sums payable under this Agreement shall be paid free and clear of all deductions, set-offs,
             counterclaims or withholdings whatsoever, save only as provided in this Agreement or as required
             by Law.
        
        17.5 If any deduction or withholding is required by Law from any payment in respect of (i) any
             representation, warranty or undertaking to indemnify given by the Vodafone Sellers to BeneluxCo
             and/or to the LG Shareholder under this Agreement; or (ii) any representation, warranty or
             undertaking to indemnify given by BeneluxCo or the LG Shareholder to the Vodafone Sellers under
             this Agreement, the paying party shall pay such additional amount as will, after such deduction or
             withholding has been made, leave the payee with the full amount which would have been received
             by it had no such deduction or withholding been required to be made, provided (for the avoidance
             of doubt) that this Clause 17.5 shall not apply to the extent that the relevant deduction or
             withholding has already been taken into account in determining the quantum of the sum payable
             by the payor under this Agreement.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 41 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        17.6 To the extent that any deduction or withholding in respect of which an additional amount has been
            paid under Clause 17.5 above (or otherwise) results in the payee or an Affiliate obtaining a Relief,                 
             the payee shall pay to the payer, within [***] of obtaining and utilising the benefit of the Relief,
             an amount equal to the lesser of the value of the Relief obtained and the additional sum paid
             under Clause 17.5 (or otherwise).
        
        17.7 If anything done under this Agreement constitutes a supply of goods or services by a Party (or a
             member of its group for VAT purposes) (the Supplier) to another Party (the Recipient) in
             respect of which the Supplier (or a member of its group for VAT purposes) is liable to account for
             VAT to any Tax Authority, the Recipient shall pay to such Supplier (in addition to any other
             amounts payable under this Agreement) an amount equal to any VAT for which such Supplier (or
             a member of its group for VAT purposes) is liable to account to such Tax Authority on the supply
             against delivery by the Supplier to the Recipient of a valid VAT invoice.
        
        18. Costs
        
        18.1 Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement (or any other Transaction Document), each Party
             shall be responsible for and pay their own costs, expenses and charges incurred in connection
             with the Proposed Transaction, including in relation to the negotiations leading up to the Proposed
             Transaction and the preparation, execution and carrying into effect of the Transaction Documents.
             BeneluxCo shall pay all costs, expenses and charges of the Notary in connection with the
             Proposed Transaction.
        
        18.2 BeneluxCo shall bear any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or other transfer taxes or
             registration duties arising in respect of: (i) the transfer of the Sale Shares to BeneluxCo; (ii) the
             transfer of the VF Shareholder Loans to BeneluxCo; and (iii) the issuance of the Consideration
             Shares to the Seller, in each case including on, or in relation to, any instruments effecting such
             transfer or any agreement to such transfer (such duties or taxes; Stamp Duties) and BeneluxCo
             shall indemnify and hold harmless the Seller (for itself and any other member of the Seller Group)
             accordingly.
        
        18.3 Clause 18.2 shall not apply in respect of any Stamp Duties:
        
             (a) that could reasonably have been avoided by the Vodafone Sellers or any of their Affiliates (in
                    which case the Seller shall bear such Stamp Duties); or
        
             (b) arising as a result of or in connection with any nexus between a Vodafone Seller or any of its
                    Affiliates with the jurisdiction imposing the Stamp Duties (other than the United Kingdom,
                    the Netherlands or Luxembourg).
        
        18.4 Each Party hereby confirms that it is not aware of any Stamp Duties applying.
        
        18.5 [***]
        

                                                                                                                 Page 42 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        18.6 [***]
                                                                                                                                  




        
                                                                                                                               




        19. Announcements
        
        19.1 No Party (or any of their respective Affiliates) shall make any general or public announcement,
             press release or communication with news media and/or investors (each, an Announcement)
             containing Confidential Information, unless it has provided the other Parties with a copy of the
             Announcement prior to making such Announcement or other communication, in accordance with
             Clause 19.3.
        
        19.2 Notwithstanding Clause 19.1, any Party may make an Announcement:
        
             (a) to investors, analysts and other market participants in the ordinary course of its business or
                  any other ordinary-course investor relations activity concerning its wider group or business,
                  assets or affairs, provided that, where any information contained in the Announcement
                  relates solely to the Seller (in case BeneluxCo and/or the LG Shareholder and/or any of their
                  Affiliates are the disclosing Party) or to BeneluxCo or the LG Shareholder (in case the Seller
                  and/or any of its Affiliates is the disclosing Party), the disclosing Party shall obtain that other
                  Party’s prior written consent
        
             (b) if required by:
        
                  (i)    any applicable Law; or
        
                  (ii) any securities exchange or regulatory or governmental body or Tax Authority to which
                         that Party or any of its Affiliates is subject, wherever situated (including, amongst
                         other bodies, the Financial Conduct Authority, the London Stock Exchange plc, the
                         Panel on Takeovers and Mergers, the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the
                         NASDAQ) whether or not the requirement has the force of Law,

                       in which case, to the extent permitted under applicable Law, the disclosing Party shall take
                       all such steps as may be reasonable and practicable in the circumstances to agree the
                       contents of such Announcement with the Seller or the LG Shareholder, as applicable, before
                       making it, and, if the disclosing Party is unable to consult in advance, it shall inform the
                       other Party of the circumstances, timing, content and manner of making the
                       Announcement as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter; or
        

                                                                                                                 Page 43 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (c)    which contains no material information in relation to the Proposed Transaction or the other
                     Parties other than information which has already been publicly announced by the Parties                      
                      (except where such announcement was in breach of this Agreement).
                                                                                                                               
        
               (d)    if required to enable the disclosing Party to enforce its rights under this Agreement or any
                      document referred to in it, or for the purpose of any arbitral or judicial proceedings in
                      connection with this Agreement or any document referred to in it; or
        
               (e)    to the extent the relevant Confidential Information is permitted to be disclosed in
                      accordance with Clause 20.
        
        19.3 Subject to Clauses 19.2 and 20, each of the Seller on the one hand, and BeneluxCo or the LG
             Shareholder on the other hand, shall provide the other with a draft of any Announcement relating
             to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by it before the proposed Announcement is
             released, and shall procure that the proposed Announcement is only released after consultation
             with the other Parties.
        
        19.4 For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in Clause 19.1 prevents any Announcement being made or
             any information being disclosed by any person if and only to the extent that such disclosure is
             made in accordance with Clause 20, provided that such information is not announced or publicly
             disseminated.
        
        19.5 The restrictions in this Clause 19 shall continue to apply after Closing or the termination of this
             Agreement.
        
        20. Confidentiality
        
        20.1 For the purposes of this Clause 20:
        
             (a) Confidential Information means the content of this Agreement, the other Transaction
                   Documents and all other documents referred to in this Agreement, and all information of a
                   confidential nature received, obtained, created, transferred, recorded or employed as part
                   of, or otherwise resulting from or in relation to the provisions of, and negotiations leading to,
                   this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, or the performance of, or any
                   activities undertaken pursuant to, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents,
                   including business, organisational, technical, financial, marketing, operational, regulatory or
                   sales information of any of the VZ Group Company, the Telenet Companies, PlatformCo and
                   of any Party and its Affiliates.
        
             (b) Representatives means, in relation to a Party, its respective Affiliates and the directors,
                   officers, employees, agents, insurance brokers, insurers, other professional advisers,
                   accountants and consultants of that Party and/or of its respective Affiliates.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 44 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        20.2 Each Party shall (and shall procure that each of their Representatives shall) maintain Confidential
            Information in confidence and not disclose or use any Confidential Information, save:                                
        
                                                                                                                     
             (a) as this Clause 20 permits;
        
             (b) with the prior written approval of (in the case of BeneluxCo or the LG Shareholder) the
                  Seller or (in the case of the Seller or the Loan Seller) BeneluxCo; or
        
             (c) as permitted under the terms of the SHA.
        
        20.3 Clause 20.2 shall not prevent disclosure or use of Confidential Information by a Party or any of its
             Representatives to the extent that:
        
             (a) disclosure is required by Law, including (United States) securities Law and custom in relation
                  to any issue of debt instruments, or by any stock exchange or any Governmental Entity
                  (including any Tax Authority) to which that Party or any of its Affiliates is subject, wherever
                  situation, whether or not the requirement for information has the force of Law;
        
             (b) disclosure is made to a Tax Authority in the course of dealing with the Tax affairs of the
                  disclosing Party (or an Affiliate thereof);
        
             (c) disclosure is required in connection with the enforcement of rights under the Transaction
                  Documents or otherwise to vest the full benefit of any Transaction Document in respect of a
                  Party to it;
        
             (d) disclosure is of Confidential Information which was lawfully in the possession of that Party or
                  any of its Representatives (in either case as evidenced by written records) without any
                  obligation of secrecy before its being received or held by that Party or any of its
                  Representatives;
        
             (e) disclosure is of Confidential Information which has previously become publicly available
                  other than through that Party’s action or failure to act (or that of its Representatives);
        
             (f)  disclosure is required for the purpose of any arbitral or judicial proceedings arising out of
                  this Agreement (or any other Transaction Document); or
        
             (g) disclosure is made in the framework of a Wyre Monarch Transaction or the disposal of the
                  Non-Core Telenet Assets provided that where such disclosure is made to any third parties
                  and their investors’ directors, officers or advisers, the receiving parties are informed of the
                  confidential nature of the Confidential Information and agree to or are bound by
                  confidentiality obligations in that regard that are substantially similar to those set out in this
                  Agreement;
        
             (h) disclosure is made to the Representatives, lending banks, financial institutions or any other
                  funding or prospective funding (whether debt or equity) that Party or arrangers of such
                  funding (or their
        

                                                                                                                 Page 45 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      respective Affiliates) or rating agencies, together with their directors, officers and advisers
                     on a need to know basis and provided such parties are under a duty of confidentiality on                     
                      substantially the same terms as this Clause 20; or
                                                                                                                               
        
               (i)    such disclosure is made by a Party to its Affiliates or direct or indirect investors, including
                      those persons whom the Party reasonably believes are likely to become direct or indirect
                      investors together with their and their investors’ directors, officers or advisers, provided that
                      such parties are informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and
                      agree to or are bound by confidentiality obligations in that regard that are substantially
                      similar to those set out in this Agreement; or
        
               (j)    such disclosure to the VZ Company Works Council is necessary in connection with the
                      satisfaction of the Works Council Condition.
        
        20.4 Each Party undertakes that it (and its Affiliates) shall only disclose Confidential Information to
             their Representatives if such disclosure is reasonably required for purposes connected with this
             Agreement or the other Transaction Documents and only if the Representatives are informed of
             the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and are bound by professional duties of
             confidentiality or confidentiality obligations in respect of such Confidential Information that are
             substantially similar to those set out in this Agreement.
        
        20.5 Any disclosure of Confidential Information under this Clause 20, which is also Clean Team
             Information, must be in accordance with the clean team agreement dated
             [***]               between Vodafone Group Services Limited, Liberty Global Europe Limited and
             BeneluxCo, and the clean team agreement dated                     [***]              between Liberty
             Global Europe Limited, Liberty Global Holding B.V and Vodafone Group Services Limited (the
             Clean Team Agreements).
        
        20.6 The restrictions in this Clause 20 shall continue to apply after Closing or the termination of this
             Agreement.
        
        21. Assignment
        
        21.1 Subject to Clause 21.2, unless the Seller and BeneluxCo agree in writing, no Party may assign,
             transfer, hold on trust, encumber or otherwise deal with all or any of its rights or obligations under
             this Agreement nor grant, declare, create or dispose of any right or interest in it.
        
        21.2 Subject to Closing and Clause 21.3,
        
             (a) BeneluxCo may assign the benefit (but, for the avoidance of doubt, no obligations or
                   liabilities) of this Agreement in whole or in part to a member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo
                   Group, provided that if any such assignee after Closing ceases to be a member of the Post-
                   Closing BeneluxCo Group, BeneluxCo shall procure that before it so ceases it shall re-assign
                   that benefit to BeneluxCo or to another
        

                                                                                                                 Page 46 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                      member of the Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group, provided that the liabilities of the Vodafone
                     Sellers under the Transactions Documents shall be no greater than such liabilities would                     
                      have been had the assignment not occurred; and
                                                                                                                               
        
               (b)    each Vodafone Seller may assign the benefit (but, for the avoidance of doubt, no obligations
                      or liabilities) of this Agreement in whole or in part to another member of the Seller Group or
                      any transferee of the Consideration Shares from time to time, provided that: (i) as
                      applicable, if any such assignee after ceases to be a member of the Seller Group, the
                      relevant Vodafone Seller shall procure that before it so ceases it shall re-assign that benefit
                      to the relevant Seller or to another member of the Seller Group; and (ii) the liabilities of
                      BeneluxCo and the LG Shareholder under the Transaction Documents shall be no greater
                      than such liabilities would have been had the assignment not occurred.
        
        21.3 In case as a result of an assignment in accordance with this Clause 21, the benefit of a Party
             under this Agreement is held in part by multiple persons (the Beneficiaries), such Beneficiaries
             shall appoint a representative to represent the interests of such persons for the purposes of this
             Agreement. Any decision taken by such representative in such capacity, as well as any notices
             given and received, shall be final and binding on the relevant Beneficiaries. The other Parties shall
             be entitled to rely on the exercise by such representative of the rights so assigned as if the
             relevant Beneficiaries are exercising those rights.
        
        22. Further Assurances
        
        22.1 Each Party shall, insofar as it is able to do so after Closing, from the Closing Date and on being
             requested to do so by any of the other Parties, execute, or procure that its Affiliates shall execute,
             such further documents and do and procure that its Affiliates do all such acts as such requesting
             Party may reasonably consider necessary to implement and give effect to the Transaction
             Documents and secure to the Parties the full benefit of the rights, powers and remedies conferred
             upon them under the Transaction Documents.
        
        22.2 Each of the LG Shareholder and the Seller shall procure that its Affiliates comply with all
             obligations under the Transaction Documents that are expressed to apply to any such Affiliates.
        
        22.3 Promptly after the date of this Agreement, and in any event within [***] of the date of this
             Agreement, the Parties shall discuss and agree such amendments to the Agreed Form SHA as are
             reasonably required to minimise the likelihood of clause 15.14 of the SHA being engaged following
             Completion, and make such changes that they agree to the agreed form SHA within the following
                       [***]            .
        

                                                                                                                 Page 47 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        23. Notices
                                                                                                                                
        23.1 Any notice to be given in connection with this Agreement shall only be effective if it is in writing in
                                                                                                                    
             English. A notice shall be effective upon receipt and shall be deemed to have been received: (i) at
             the time of delivery, if delivered by hand, registered post or courier; or (ii) at the time of
             transmission (by reference to the time in the place specified for service of notices on the recipient
             in Clause 23.2) if delivered by email (with the exception that if an email delivery failure notice is
             received in the sender’s email account). Where delivery of a notice occurs outside Working Hours,
             notice shall be deemed to have been received at the start of Working Hours on the next following
             Business Day.
        
        23.2 The addresses and email addresses of the Parties for the purpose of Clause 23.1 are:

                 [***]
        

                                                                                                                 Page 48 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                                                                                                                                  

                                                                                                                               




        23.3 Each Party may notify the other Party in writing of a change to its details in Clause 23.2 from time
             to time in accordance with this Clause 24.
        
        23.4 This Clause 23 does not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any legal
             action or, where applicable, any arbitration or other method of dispute resolution.
        
        24. Conflict with other Agreements

                If there is any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any other agreement, including
                the Transaction Documents, this Agreement shall prevail (as between the Parties, any members
                of the Seller Group, any Affiliates of the LG Shareholder and any members of the BeneluxCo
                Group), unless such other agreement expressly states that it overrides this Agreement in the
                relevant respect.
        
        25. Whole Agreement
        
        25.1 This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents together set out the whole agreement
             between the Parties in respect of the Proposed Transaction and supersede any prior draft,
             agreement, arrangement, or understanding, whether in writing or not, relating to the Proposed
             Transaction (including,
        

                                                                                                                 Page 49 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               but not limited to, any term sheets, non-disclosure agreements (including the NDA but excluding
              the Clean Team Agreements) or offer letters that may have been exchanged between the Parties                        
               and/or their respective Affiliates). It is agreed that:
                                                                                                                               
        
               (a)    no Party has relied on or shall have any claim or remedy arising under or in connection with
                      any statement, representation, warranty or undertaking made by or on behalf of the other
                      Party in relation to the Proposed Transaction that is not expressly set out in this Agreement
                      or any other Transaction Document;
        
               (b)    any terms or conditions implied by law in any jurisdiction are excluded to the fullest extent
                      permitted by law or, if incapable of exclusion, any right or remedies in relation to them are
                      irrevocably waived;
        
               (c)    the only right or remedy of a Party in relation to any provision of this Agreement or any
                      other Transaction Document shall be for breach of this Agreement or the relevant
                      Transaction Document; and
        
               (d)    except for any liability in respect of a breach of this Agreement or any other Transaction
                      Document, no Party shall owe any duty of care or have any liability in tort or otherwise to
                      the other Party in relation to the Proposed Transaction.
        
        25.2 Nothing in this Clause 25 shall limit any Liability for (or remedy in respect of) fraud or fraudulent
             misrepresentation.
        
        26. Waivers, Rights and Remedies

                Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no failure or delay by any Party in exercising any
                right or remedy relating to this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents shall affect or
                operate as a waiver or variation of that right or remedy or preclude its exercise at any
                subsequent time. No single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall preclude any
                further exercise of it or the exercise of any other remedy.
        
        27.    No double recovery

                The Parties shall be entitled to make more than one claim under any of the Transaction
                Documents arising out of the same subject matter, fact, event or circumstance but shall not be
                entitled to recover under this Agreement or any relevant Transaction Document or otherwise
                more than once in respect of the same Loss or liability, regardless of whether more than one
                claim arises in respect of it.
        
        28.    Counterparts

                This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, and by each Party on separate
                counterparts. Each counterpart is an original, but all counterparts shall together constitute one
                and the same instrument. Delivery of a counterpart of this Agreement by e-mail attachment shall
                be an effective mode of delivery.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 50 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        29.    Variations
                                                                                                                                 
                No amendment of this Agreement (or of any other Transaction Document) shall be valid unless it
                is in writing and duly executed by or on behalf of each of the Parties to it.                  
        
        30.    Invalidity

                Each of the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents is severable. If
                any such provision is held to be or becomes invalid or unenforceable under the Law of any
                jurisdiction, the Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to replace it with a valid and enforceable
                substitute provision the effect of which is as close to its intended effect as possible.
        
        31. Third Party Enforcement Rights
        
        31.1 The specified third party beneficiaries of the undertakings or commitments referred to in Clauses
             13 and 16 and paragraph 17 of Schedule 8 (Limitations on Liability) shall, in each case, have the
             right to enforce the relevant terms by reason of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
             The rights of any such third party beneficiary are subject to: (i) the rights of the Parties to amend
             or vary this Agreement without the consent of that third party; and (ii) the other terms and
             conditions of this Agreement.
        
        31.2 Except as provided in Clause 31.1, a person who is not a Party to this Agreement shall have no
             right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms.
        
        32. Governing Law

                This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this
                Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, English law.
        
        33. ICC Arbitration
        
        33.1 Any Dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding
             its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under
             the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce, which Rules are deemed to be
             incorporated by reference into this Clause 33.
        
        33.2 The tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one
             arbitrator (it being understood that the LG Shareholder and BeneluxCo shall be considered as a
             single party, and therefore entitled to appoint one arbitrator), provided that where there are
             multiple claimants or multiple respondents, the multiple claimants jointly and the multiple
             respondents jointly shall nominate a single arbitrator. The third arbitrator, who shall be the
             presiding arbitrator on the tribunal, shall be nominated by agreement of the parties to the Dispute
             or, if the parties fail to agree on a nomination within          [***]            of the nomination
        

                                                                                                                 Page 51 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               date of the second arbitrator, the third arbitrator shall be selected and appointed in accordance
              with the Rules.                                                                                                    
        
                                                                                                                  
        33.3 The seat, or legal place, of the arbitration shall be London, England.
        
        33.4 The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English.
        
        33.5 The arbitral award shall be final and binding upon the Parties and, to the maximum extent
             permitted by Law, it shall not be subject to appeal.
        
        33.6 The costs and expenses of the arbitration proceedings shall be borne by the Parties in accordance
             with the Rules and the determinations of the arbitral tribunal.
        
        33.7 The Parties undertake to keep confidential all awards rendered in the arbitration proceedings, all
             materials in the arbitration created for the purpose of the arbitration and all other documents
             produced by another party in the proceedings that are not otherwise in the public domain, save
             and to the extent that disclosure is required pursuant to a legal duty, to protect or pursue a legal
             right, or to enforce or challenge an award in bona fide legal proceedings before a state court or
             other legal authority.
        
        34. Agent for Service of Process
        
        34.1 Each Party which is incorporated or which is organised and exists outside of England and Wales
             shall maintain an agent in England for service of process and any other documents in proceedings
             in connection with this agreement (including proceedings to enforce an arbitral award rendered
             pursuant to this Agreement). That agent shall be:
        
             (a) [***]

        
               (b)    [***]




        
        34.2 Any claim form, judgment or other notice of legal process shall be sufficiently served on the
             relevant Party if delivered to its appointed agent at its address for the time being (as specified in
             Clause 34.1).
        
        34.3 Each Party required to maintain an agent in accordance with Clause 34.1 agrees not to revoke the
             authority of its agent and if for any reason it does so or its agent ceases to act in such capacity, it
             shall promptly appoint another agent with an address in England and notify each other Parties of
             the agent’s details. If a relevant Party fails to appoint another agent within             of it being
             required to do so under this Clause 34.3, any other Party may, at the defaulting Party’s expense,
             appoint one on behalf of the defaulting Party.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 52 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        Schedule 11
       Definitions and Interpretation                                                                                            
        
                                                                                                         
        1.   Definitions. In this Agreement, the following words and expressions shall have the following
             meanings:

                [***];

                Acquired Business has the meaning given to it in Clause 16.3(b);

                Acquired Restricted Business has the meaning given to it in Clause 16.3(b);

                Affected Party has the meaning given to it in paragraph 1 of Schedule 8 (Limitations on
                Liability);

                Affiliate means, with respect to any specified person, any other person that directly, or indirectly
                through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with,
                such specified person, and for this purpose, “control”, “controlled by” and “common control” shall
                mean the ownership and voting control of more than 50 per cent. of the outstanding voting
                securities or interest in capital or profits of such specified person, or the right to direct or control
                the management or affairs of such specified person by controlling the board or other
                management function of the relevant person, contract or similar arrangement (excluding (i) any
                VZ Group Company (other than for the purposes of Clauses 8.1, 16.8 and 20), and (ii) in relation
                to the LG Shareholder or any other BeneluxCo Shareholder, any member of the BeneluxCo Group
                (other than for the purposes of Clause 8.120);

                Agreed Form means, in relation to a document, the form of that document which has either
                been (i) attached to this Agreement or (ii) confirmed as agreed by an exchange of emails by or
                on behalf of the Seller and BeneluxCo on or prior to the date of this Agreement for the purpose of
                identification (in each case with such amendments as may be agreed in writing by or on behalf of
                the Seller and BeneluxCo);

                Announcement has the meaning given to it in Clause 19.1;

                Anti-Bribery and Corruption Laws means all Laws applicable to each of the VZ Group
                Companies or the Telenet Companies, the respective Party, the Parties or to this Agreement
                relating to anti-bribery or anti-corruption (governmental or commercial), including (without
                limitation) (i) articles 177, 177a, 178a and 328ter of the Dutch Criminal Code, (ii) the UK Bribery
                Act of 2010, (iii) the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, re-enacted or
                replaced from time to time, and the rules and regulations issued thereunder and (iv) all national
                and international Laws adopted pursuant to the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of
                Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions and the UN Convention Against
                Corruption;
        

                                                                                                                 Page 99 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Anti-Money Laundering Laws means all Laws applicable to each of the VZ Group Companies or
               the Telenet Companies, the respective Party or Parties or to this Agreement relating to anti-                     
                money laundering or terrorism financing including (i) Directive 2005/60/EC of the European
                Parliament and of the Council of 26 October 2005 on the prevention of the use of the financial
                system for the purpose of money laundering and terrorist financing as amended from time to
                time, (ii) the UK Proceeds of Crime Act 2002, (iii) the UK Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing
                and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 and (iv) any other anti-money
                laundering or terrorism financing Law or regulation of the United States or the European Union or
                its Member States applicable to the VZ Group Companies, the respective Party or Parties or to
                this Agreement, in each case as amended from time to time;

                Authorisation means any consent, approval permission or licence required under any contract
                with a third party rights holder, which is required to enable (i) the provision or receipt of services,
                or (ii) the novation or transfer of SAMS Licences as contemplated in paragraph 5(iii) of Schedule
                3 (Pre-closing undertakings), or (iii) in relation to the VP Procurement Term Sheet, VPC to
                perform its obligations pursuant to the VP Procurement Agreement, including procuring for the
                VIPA Counterparty’s benefit, and/or for the VIPA Counterparty to receive the benefit of, the
                products, services and/or other deliverables supplied by such third party rights holder for the
                duration of the VP Procurement Agreement and in accordance with the VP Procurement
                Agreement (in each case as contemplated by the VP Procurement Agreement);

                Authorisation Price Increase means any payment VPC (or any member of the Seller Group) or
                the VIPA Counterparty is required to make in the form of price increases under any VPA
                (including any increase in the applicable Price for Deliverables (in each case as defined in the VP
                Procurement Agreement)) or Supply Agreement (as defined in the VP Procurement Agreement);

                Automotive Services means the business carried on by VFA, being: (i) the design,
                development, manufacture and sale of electronics components for the automotive industry
                (sensors for distance, occupation and substance detection, sound systems (Siren, acoustic
                warning, horns), systems for antitheft management, telematics control units); and (ii) the
                design, delivery and sale of connected mobility products and services (stolen vehicle recovery,
                usage-based insurance for vehicles, fleet management, data management services for vehicles
                (remote vehicle monitoring and management));

                BeneluxCo has the meaning given to it in the Recitals;

                BeneluxCo Capacity Warranties means the warranties set out in paragraphs 1 to 5 of Part A of
                Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties);

                BeneluxCo Claim means any Claim made by BeneluxCo against the Vodafone Sellers (or either
                of them);
        

                                                                                                                Page 100 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                BeneluxCo Disclosure Letter means the disclosure letter from BeneluxCo to the Seller and the
               Loan Seller executed and delivered immediately before the signing of this Agreement;                              

                BeneluxCo Group means BeneluxCo and its direct and indirect subsidiaries from time to time,
                including the Telenet Companies, which from Closing shall include the VZ Group Companies and
                before Closing excludes the VZ Group Companies;

                BeneluxCo Group Pre-Closing Undertaking has the meaning given to it in paragraph 2 of
                Schedule 3 (Pre-closing undertakings);

                BeneluxCo Indemnities has the meaning given to it in Clause 8.1;

                BeneluxCo Indemnity Claim means any claim by BeneluxCo under any of the BeneluxCo
                Indemnities;

                BeneluxCo Leakage has the meaning given to it in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 (Leakage and
                Permitted Leakage);

                BeneluxCo Leakage Compensation has the meaning given to it in paragraph 6 of Schedule 1
                (Leakage and Permitted Leakage);

                BeneluxCo Records has the meaning given to it in Clause 15.1;

                BeneluxCo Reorganisation Condition has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(l);

                BeneluxCo Reorganisation Steps means the step plan regarding the pre-Closing
                reorganisation in connection with the BeneluxCo Group, in the Agreed Form, as amended in
                accordance with Clause 4.3(d);

                BeneluxCo Shareholders means the LG Shareholder and/or such other shareholders as
                BeneluxCo had in the Locked Box Period;

                BeneluxCo Shares means the ordinary shares in the capital of BeneluxCo;

                BeneluxCo’s Bank Account means the bank account(s) as BeneluxCo shall notify in writing to
                the Seller five (5) Business Days’ prior to the relevant payment date;

                BeneluxCo Warranties means the BeneluxCo Capacity Warranties, the Telenet Warranties, and
                the PlatformCo Warranties;

                Brand Licence Agreement means the BLA (as defined in Schedule 9 (Intra-group
                Agreements)), including as amended and restated in accordance with the Brand Licence
                Agreement Term Sheet;

                Brand Licence Agreement Term Sheet means the brand licence agreement term sheet in the
                Agreed Form;

                Business Day means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday or public holiday in the
                Netherlands, Belgium and London on which banks are open in Amsterdam, Brussels and London
                for general commercial business;
        

                                                                                                                Page 101 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Carrier Customers means licensed telecoms operators or other companies that procure
               telecoms services from another licensed telecoms operator that form an integral part of their own                  
                retail/enterprise services and are not intended to be separately onward sold;
                                                                                                                               
                Carrier Services means the provision of international and national telecommunications
                connectivity, internet, messaging and identity services to Carrier Customers;

                Carve-Out Employees means the VF Carve-Out Employees and the IoT Carve-Out Employees;

                Carve-Out Employees List means the list in the Agreed Form, which list shall be, between the
                date hereof and the Closing Date, replaced by any amended list agreed in good faith by and
                between the LG Purchaser and the Seller between the date hereof and the Closing Date;

                Cash Consideration has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1(a);

                Claim or Claims means any claim(s) under or for breach of this Agreement

                (i) excluding the specific indemnities included in Clause 8, and (ii) including, without limitation,
                any Warranty Claim;

                Clean Team Agreements has the meaning given to it in Clause 20.5;

                Clean Team Information has the meaning given to it in the Clean Team Agreements;

                Closing means completion (by legal transfer of the Sale Shares) of the sale and purchase of the
                Sale Shares and the VF Shareholder Loans in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement;

                Closing Date means the date on which Closing occurs;

                Closing Date BeneluxCo Group means BeneluxCo and the companies that will immediately
                after Closing be direct and indirect subsidiaries of BeneluxCo, which shall include the VZ Group
                Companies (and for the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Telenet Companies and, subject to Part
                D of Exhibit 2 and any Wyre Transactions, the Wyre Telenet Subsidiaries) and PlatformCo but
                excluding [***] ;

                Closing Date BeneluxCo Group Company means any member of the Closing Date BeneluxCo
                Group;

                Closing Obligations has the meaning given to it in Clause 7.2;

                Closing Payment has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.2;

                Conditions has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1;

                Conditions Fulfilment Date has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.3;

                Confidential Information has the meaning given to it in Clause 20.1(a);

                Consideration has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1;
        

                                                                                                                Page 102 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Consideration Shares has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1(b);
                                                                                                                                 
                Constitutional Documents means with respect to an entity its memorandum and articles of
                association, by-Laws or equivalent constitutional documents;                            


                Data Protection Laws means, to the extent applicable to the respective VZ Group Company,
                the respective Party or Parties or to this Agreement (i) the General Data Protection Regulation
                (Regulation EU) 2016/679), (ii) the e-Privacy Directive (Directive 2002/58/EC), and (iii) all
                equivalent applicable data protection, privacy and information security Laws and regulations,
                together with all national implementing legislation, applicable codes of conduct and practice,
                guidance and opinions relating to data protection, privacy and information security issued in any
                relevant jurisdiction by, or with the approval of, any Governmental Entity which has authority
                over the VZ Group Companies, the respective Party or Parties or to this Agreement;

                Deed of Amendment means the draft notarial deed to amend the articles of association of
                BeneluxCo at Closing in the Agreed Form;

                Deed of Issue means a deed of issue in relation to the issuance of the Consideration Shares to
                the Seller at Closing in customary form, which the Seller and BeneluxCo shall negotiate and
                agree in good faith prior to Closing;

                Deed of Transfer of Contract means the draft deed of transfer of contract (akte van
                contractsoverneming) in relation to the transfer of the VF Shareholder Loans and the VF
                Shareholder Loan Agreements by the Loan Seller to BeneluxCo at Closing in the Agreed Form;

                Demerged Assets Condition has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(l)(i);

                Dispute means a dispute arising between the Parties out of or in connection with this
                Agreement, without limitation, including disputes arising out of or in connection with:
        
               (a)    the creation, validity, effect, interpretation, performance or non-performance                       of,
                      termination, or the legal relationships established by, this Agreement;
        
               (b)    claims for set-off and counterclaims; and
        
               (c)    any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Agreement;

                DORA means Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 on digital operational resilience for the financial sector,
                as amended from time to time;

                Dutch Works Councils              Act   means      the   Dutch    Works     Councils   Act    (Wet    op   de
                Ondernemingsraden);

                EEA Agreement means the Agreement on the European Economic Area signed in Porto on 2 May
                1992 (OJ No L 1, 3.1.1994, p. 3);
        

                                                                                                                Page 103 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                EFTA State means Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway and Switzerland as signatories to the EFTA
               convention signed in Stockholm on 4 January 1960;                                                                  

                EU FSR has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(c);                                                           


                EU Member State means Belgium, Bulgaria, Czechia, Denmark, Germany, Estonia, Ireland,
                Greece, Spain, France, Croatia, Italy, Cyprus, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Hungary, Malta, the
                Netherlands, Austria, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovenia, Slovakia, Finland and Sweden as
                signatories to the Treaty on the European Union;

                EU Merger Regulation means Council Regulation (EC) No 139/2004 on the control of
                concentrations between undertakings;

                EWC has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(j);

                EWC Agreement has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.19;

                EWC Condition has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(j);

                Excess Recovery has the meaning given to it in paragraph 18 of Schedule 8 (Limitations on
                Liability);

                Exchange Date has the meaning given to it in Clause 5.1(d)(i);

                Exchange Shares has the meaning given to it in Clause 5.1(d)(i);

                Exhibits means exhibits 1 to 2 to this Agreement, and Exhibit shall be construed accordingly;

                Existing LG Services Agreement means the framework services agreement between Liberty
                Global B.V. and VodafoneZiggo Group B.V. (formerly known as Ziggo Group Holdings B.V.) dated
                [***] , as novated by Liberty Global B.V. to Liberty Global Technology Services B.V. with effect
                from to time; [***] , and as amended and restated from time

                Existing VZ SHA means the shareholders’ agreement dated [***] 2019 entered into between
                Vodafone International Holdings B.V. and Liberty Global Europe Holding B.V. in relation to the VZ
                Company, as amended from time to time;

                Fairly Disclosed means facts, matters or other information which have been disclosed in such a
                manner and context and with such detail that allows a reasonable purchaser or investor to, make
                an informed assessment of the nature, scope of the risk, fact, matter, occurrence, event or
                circumstance disclosed and the extent of the consequences thereof;

                Financial Debt means borrowings and indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including by
                way of acceptance credits, discounting or similar facilities, loan stocks, bonds, debentures, notes,
                overdrafts or any similar arrangements the purpose of which is to raise money) owed to any
                banking, financial, acceptance credit, lending or other similar institution or organisation;
        

                                                                                                                Page 104 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                FSA Open Points has the meaning given to it in paragraph (b)(a)of Schedule 3 (Pre-Closing
               Undertakings);                                                                                                    

                Global Enterprise Services means the business of tendering for and providing
                telecommunication services and ancillary services and support in the Territory to multi-national
                customers, and their subsidiary undertakings, with operations in the Territory;

                Governmental Entity means:
        
               (a)    the government of any jurisdiction (including any national, state, municipal or local
                      government or any political or administrative subdivision thereof) and any department,
                      ministry, agency, instrumentality, court, central bank, commission or other authority thereof,
                      including without limitation any entity directly or indirectly owned (in whole or in part) or
                      controlled thereby;
        
               (b)    any public international organisation or supranational body (including without limitation the
                      European Union) and its institutions, departments, agencies and instrumentalities; and
        
               (c)    any quasi-governmental or private body or agency lawfully exercising, or entitled to
                      exercise, any administrative, executive, judicial, legislative, regulatory, licensing,
                      competition, tax, importing or other governmental or quasi-governmental authority;

                ICC Court means the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of
                Commerce;

                Indemnity Claim means any claim against under any specific indemnity included in Clause 8,
                being a Seller Indemnity Claim and/or a BeneluxCo Indemnity Claim;

                Initial Cash Amount has the meaning given to it in Clause 2.1(a);

                International Roaming Services means the business of providing international roaming
                services (and/or any related services) to mobile network operators, mobile virtual network
                operators, resellers and/or other providers, including without limitation services to allow end
                users to roam outside of the Territory, and to allow end users situated outside of the Territory to
                roam within the Territory;

                International Voice Services means the business of providing international voice services
                (and/or any related services) to mobile network operators, mobile virtual network operators,
                resellers and/or other providers, including services to allow end users to make or receive
                international voice calls;

                Intra-group Agreements means the existing intra-group agreements set out in Schedule 9
                (Intra-group Agreements);

                IoT Carve-Out Employees means:
        

                                                                                                                Page 105 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








               (i)     those individuals whose roles and names are listed in Part A of the Carve-Out Employees
                      List; plus                                                                                                  
        
                                                                                                                               
               (ii)    any individual who commences employment with a VZ Group Company to: (a) fulfil one of
                       the vacant roles listed in Part B of the Carve-Out Employees List; or (b) replace one of the
                       individuals listed in Part A who cease to be employed by any VZ Group Company; less
        
               (iii)   any individual described in (i) or (ii) who ceases to be employed by any VZ Group Company;

                [***];

                [***];

                [***];



                (i) [***]




                (ii) [***]

                [***]
                [***]

                [***]

                IPX Services means the provision of a platform for connecting IP networks between IP network
                users or operators;

                ISC has the meaning given in Clause 6.1(g);

                Law means any applicable statute, law, by-law, rule, regulation, guideline, ordinance, code,
                policy, order, decree or rule of common law issued, administered, requested, required or enforced
                by any Governmental Entity, any form of delegated legislation, any treaty or international
                convention or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including Anti-Bribery
        

                                                                                                                Page 106 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                and Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Data Protection Laws, Trade Compliance Laws
               and Supply Chain Laws;                                                                                             

                Leakage has the meaning given in Schedule 1 (Leakage and Permitted Leakage);                                   


                LG Bank Account shall mean the bank account notified by LG Shareholder to the relevant payor
                in due course prior to payment being due;

                LG EWC has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.19;

                LG Pre-Closing Undertaking has the meaning given to it in paragraph 2 of Schedule 3
                (Pre-Closing Undertakings);

                LG Regulatory Conditions has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1;

                LG Services Agreements means the service agreements to be entered into between LG and the
                Closing Date BeneluxCo Group Companies (being (1) the Framework Services Agreement
                between Liberty Global Technology Services BV and PlatformCo for the provision of technical
                services by Liberty Global Technology Services BV, (2) the Framework Services Agreement
                between PlatformCo and Liberty Global Technology Services B.V. for the provision of certain
                services (including platform control and management, product roadmap definition and production
                oversight, fixed and mobile network architecture and design, digital workplace and technical
                support) by PlatformCo, (3) the Corporate Services Agreement between Liberty Global Europe Ltd
                and BeneluxCo and (4) the Procurement Master Services Agreement between Liberty Blume
                Procurement Solutions Limited and BeneluxCo, in each case in the Agreed Form;

                LG Shareholder Loan Agreement means (1) the amended and restated master loan
                agreement between Liberty Global Holding B.V. (as lender) and VodafoneZiggo Group B.V. (as
                borrower) dated           [***]          , and (2) the master loan agreement between Liberty
                Global Holding BV (as lender) and VodafoneZiggo Group B.V. (as borrower) dated Spectrum 5G
                licence;         [***]           for the

                LG Shareholder Loans means the loan(s) and other amounts advanced in terms of or pursuant
                to the LG Shareholder Loan Agreement up to the Locked Box Date;

                LG Shareholder Group means the LG Shareholder and its Affiliates;

                LG Warranties means the warranties set out in Schedule 7 (LG Warranties);

                LGH Ltd has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.19;

                Liabilities means all liabilities, duties and obligations of every description, whether deriving from
                contract, common Law, statute or otherwise, whether present or future, actual or contingent or
                ascertained or unascertained and whether owed or incurred severally or jointly or as principal or
                surety;

                Listing has the meaning given to it in the SHA;
        

                                                                                                                Page 107 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Locked Box Accounts means the VZ Company Locked Box Accounts;
                                                                                                                                  
                Locked Box Date means 23.59h on 31 December 2025;
                                                                                                                               
                Locked Box Period means the period between (but excluding) the Locked Box Date and
                Closing;

                Longstop Date means         [***]      from signing of this Agreement (or such other date as
                BeneluxCo and the Seller may agree in writing on or prior to such date);

                Losses means all charges, claims, demands, proceedings, fines, penalties, payments, losses,
                damages, costs (including reasonable legal costs and notary costs) and expenses (including
                Taxation) in each case of any nature;

                Losses Payments has the meaning given to it in paragraph 16 of Schedule 8 (Limitations on
                Liability);

                Material Closing Obligation means the Closing Obligations set forth in paragraphs 1 to 4 of
                Schedule 4 (Closing Arrangements), other than those set out in paragraphs 1(a)(iii) and 4(a)(iii)
                of Schedule 4 (Closing Arrangements);

                Migration Plan Condition has the meaning given to in Clause 6.1(l)(iii);

                NDA means the confidentiality agreement dated         [***]                   entered into between Liberty
                Global Europe Limited and Vodafone Group Services Limited;

                New Shareholder Loans means any shareholder loans, other than the Shareholder Loans,
                provided to a VZ Group Company by the Loan Seller, the BeneluxCo Shareholders and/or any of
                their respective Related Persons between the Locked Box Date and the Closing Date in
                accordance with the provisions of Schedule 3 (Pre-closing undertakings);

                Non-Core Telenet Assets means Doccle BV, operating an enhanced B2B2C digital
                administration platform with integrated payment and document software services, (2) Doccle NL
                B.V., operating an enhanced B2B2C digital administration platform with integrated payment and
                document software services, (3) Doccle.UP NV operating an enhanced B2B2C digital
                administration platform with integrated payment and document software services, and
                (4) Blossom Energy BV, a home charging solution for employers to provide home EV charging to
                employees;

                Notarial Deed of Transfer means a notarial deed of transfer of the Sale Shares in customary
                form, to be entered into between the Seller and BeneluxCo and executed by the Notary,
                BeneluxCo and the Seller at Closing in accordance with Schedule 4 (Closing Arrangements),
                which the Seller and BeneluxCo shall negotiate and agree in good faith prior to Closing;

                Notary       means        [***]                          ,     civil    law    notary     (notaris)     of
                [***]                        , officiating in [***]                        , or any other civil law notary
                (notaris) of , officiating in           [***]         (or any of their respective substitutes);
        

                                                                                                                Page 108 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Notified Leakage Amount has the meaning given to it in Clause 3.4;
                                                                                                                                  
                Parties has the meaning given to it in the Recitals;
                                                                                                                               
                Permitted Leakage has the meaning given to it in Schedule 1 (Leakage and Permitted
                Leakage);

                PlatformCo means Liberty Global Benelux Property Holding B.V., a private company with limited
                liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) with corporate seat (statutaire
                zetel) in        [***]      , the Netherlands and its office address at
                [***]                      registered with the Trade Register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce
                under number         [***]     (whose name may be amended in the context of the BeneluxCo
                Reorganisation Steps);

                PlatformCo Business Warranties means the warranties set out in paragraph 3 of Part C of
                Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties) being the PlatformCo Warranties other than the PlatformCo
                Fundamental Warranties;

                PlatformCo Fundamental Warranties means the warranties set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 of
                Part C of Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties);

                PlatformCo Shares means all of the issued and outstanding shares in the capital of PlatformCo
                at Closing;

                PlatformCo Warranties means the PlatformCo Fundamental Warranties and the PlatformCo
                Business Warranties;

                Postponed Long Stop Date has the meaning given in Clause 12.1;

                Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group means BeneluxCo and the entities that are or will be its direct
                and indirect subsidiaries at any time after Closing;

                Proposed Transaction means any and all of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction
                Documents;

                RDI has the meaning given to it in Clause 8.1(a)(i)(A);

                Regulations means Article 7:662 et seq of the Dutch Civil Code (transfer of undertaking);

                Related Person(s) means in relation to any person its Affiliates and its and their directors,
                officers and employees;

                Relief means any loss, relief, allowance, credit, deduction, exemption or set-off in respect of any
                Tax or relevant to the computation of any income, profits or gains for the purposes of any Tax, or
                any saving or repayment of Tax (including any interest in respect of Tax);

                Representatives has the meaning given to it in Clause 20.1(b);

                Responsible Party has the meaning given in paragraph 2 of Schedule 8 (Limitations on
                Liability);

                Sale Shares has the meaning given to it in Recital (A);
        

                                                                                                                Page 109 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                SatCo Services means the provision of enablement services for satellite services in the Territory,
               and the development and construction of infrastructure in relation thereto;                                       

                Seller Claim means any Claim made by either of the Vodafone Sellers against BeneluxCo or the
                LG Shareholder;

                Seller Group means the Vodafone Sellers and their Affiliates from time to time, but excludes any
                and all of the VZ Group Companies;

                Seller Indemnity Claim means any claim by the Seller against BeneluxCo under the specific
                indemnities included in Clauses 8.4 and Clause 8.6;

                Seller Leakage has the meaning given to it in paragraph 1 of Schedule 1 (Leakage and
                Permitted Leakage);

                Seller Leakage Compensation has the meaning given to it in paragraph 5 of Schedule 1
                (Leakage and Permitted Leakage);

                Seller Records has the meaning given to it in Clause 15.1;

                Seller Regulatory Condition has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1;

                SER has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.8;

                SER Merger Code means                  the   Social    and    Economic     Council    Merger     Regulations
                (SER-Fusiegedragsregels 2015);

                SHA means the he shareholders’ agreement with respect to BeneluxCo to be entered into at
                Closing in the Agreed Form;

                Shareholder Loan Agreements means together the LG Shareholder Loan Agreement and the
                VF Shareholder Loan Agreements;

                Shareholder Loans means the loans and other amounts advanced in terms of or pursuant to
                the Shareholder Loan Agreements up to the Locked Box Date;

                Shares means ordinary shares in the capital of the VZ Company;

                Sponsored Roaming Services means provision of international roaming services by a
                sponsoring party to a sponsored party, enabling the sponsored party’s customers to access
                roaming coverage through the sponsoring party’s roaming agreements and/or infrastructure, and
                including without limitation any products and/or services which utilise or rely on sponsored
                roaming services for connectivity;

                Stamp Duties has the meaning given to it in Clause 18.2;

                Supply Chain Laws means all Laws or restrictions applicable to each of the VZ Group
                Companies and Telenet Companies, the respective Party, the Parties or to this Agreement relating
                to their supply chains, including Laws relating to supply chain due diligence, supply chain
                transparency or modern slavery;
        

                                                                                                                Page 110 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Surviving Provisions means Clauses 12.3 (Termination), 18 (Costs), 19 (Announcements), 20
               (Confidentiality), 21 (Assignment), 23 (Notices), 25 (Whole Agreement), 29 (Variations), 30                       
                (Invalidity), 31 (Third Party Enforcement Rights), 32 (Governing Law), 33 (ICC Arbitration),
                                                                                                            
                Schedule 8 (Limitations on Liability) and Schedule 11 (Definitions and Interpretation);

                Tax or Taxation means: (a) taxes on gross or net income, profits and gains, and (b) all other
                taxes, levies, duties, imposts, and any charges or withholdings in the nature of tax, including any
                excise, property, value added, sales, stamp, transfer, franchise or payroll taxes (including national
                insurance or social security contributions), together with all penalties, charges, fees and interest
                relating to any of the foregoing or to any late or incorrect return in respect of any of them, and
                regardless of whether such taxes, levies, duties, imposts, charges, withholdings, penalties and
                interest are chargeable directly or primarily against or attributable directly or primarily to the
                relevant person or any other person and of whether any amount in respect of them is recoverable
                from any other person;

                Tax Authority means any taxing or other authority (in any jurisdiction) competent to impose
                any liability to Tax, or assess or collect any Tax;

                Tax Benefit means (i) any refund of Tax actually received by the relevant party; or (ii) any
                reduction of Tax actually due by the relevant party;

                Tax Loss Allocation has the meaning given in Clause 4.3(d)(i);

                Tax Return means any return, declaration or similar document relating to any Tax and to be
                submitted to any Tax Authority, including any schedule or attachment thereto;

                Tax Ruling has the meaning given in Clause Error! Reference source not found.;

                Telenet means Telenet Group Holding NV a private company with limited liability (naamloze
                vennootschap) incorporated under the Laws of Belgium, having its office address at
                                   [***]                    and registered with the trade register of the Belgian
                Crossroad Bank for Entreprises under number     [***]     ;

                Telenet Business Warranties means the warranties set out in paragraph 3 in Part B of
                Schedule 6 (BeneluxCo Warranties) being the Telenet Warranties other than the Telenet
                Fundamental Warranties;

                Telenet Companies means Telenet and the Telenet Subsidiaries, and

                Telenet Company means any of them;

                Telenet Fundamental Warranties means the warranties set out in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Part
                B of Schedule 6;

                Telenet Last Accounts means the audited consolidated accounts of Telenet as at the Telenet
                Last Accounts Date;

                Telenet Last Accounts Date means 31 December 2024;
        

                                                                                                                Page 111 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                Telenet Locked Box Accounts means the select condensed consolidated EU IFRS financial
               statements of Telenet in respect of the year ended on the Locked Box Date;                                         

                Telenet Locked Box Date shall mean 31 December 2025;                                                           


                Telenet Permits has the meaning given to it in paragraph 5 of Part B of Schedule 6;

                Telenet Shares means [***]                    ordinary shares (including the       [***]             treasury
                shares) in the capital of Telenet;

                Telenet Subsidiaries means the companies details of which are set out in Part B, Part C and
                Part E of Exhibit 2 (Information on Telenet Companies) and Telenet Subsidiary means any one
                of them;

                Telenet Warranties means the Telenet Fundamental Warranties and the Telenet Business
                Warranties;

                Telenet-Wyre Financing means the separation of the financing structure of Wyre Holdco and its
                subsidiaries from that of the Telenet Companies which is being pursued by the Telenet Companies
                by both a (re)financing by Wyre Holdco and its subsidiaries and a (re)financing by the Telenet
                Companies, in each case with bona fide third-party financial counterparties;

                Terminating Intra-Group Arrangements means together: (i) those Intra-group Agreements
                that are marked “Replaced” or “Terminated” in Schedule 9 (Intra-group Agreements); and
                (ii) each other agreement or arrangement between the Seller Group and the VZ Group
                Companies in place prior to Closing, but excluding each Intra-group Agreement that is marked
                “Continuing” in Schedule 9 (Intra-group Agreements);

                Territory means the Netherlands;

                Third Party Claim has the meaning given to it in Clause 8.3(a);

                Third Party Right means any interest or equity of any person (including any right to acquire,
                option or right of pre-emption or conversion) or any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, assignment,
                hypothecation, security interest, title retention or any other security agreement or arrangement,
                or any agreement to create any of the above;

                Third Party Sum has the meaning given to it in paragraph 16(b) of Schedule 8 (Limitations on
                Liability);

                Trade Compliance Laws means all Laws applicable to the respective Party, the Parties or to this
                Agreement, relating to economic, financial, or other trade-related sanctions, restrictions, export
                controls, or embargoes administered by: (i) the United States Government, including the
                Departments of the Treasury, State and Commerce, (ii) the United Kingdom (including the Office
                of Financial Sanctions Implementation, the Export Control Joint Unit, HM Revenue and Customs,
                HM Treasury, the Department of Trade and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office),
                (iii) the
        

                                                                                                                Page 112 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                European Union or any European Union member state, (iv) the United Nations or its Security
               Council, and (v) the Netherlands;                                                                                  

                Trade Union Condition has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1;                                               


                Trade Unions has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1;

                Transaction Documents means this Agreement, the SHA, the Notarial Deed of Transfer, the
                Deed of Issue, the Deed of Amendment, the Deed of Transfer of Contract, the VF Framework
                Services Agreement, each VF Continuing Agreement and the LG Services Agreements;

                Travel e-SIM Services means the provision to business and/or consumers of temporary travel
                embedded SIMs intended for use while travelling outside of the Territory that are capable of being
                remotely provisioned, and related roaming and ancillary activities;

                VAT means value added tax and any similar sales or turnover tax;

                VF Carve-Out Employees means those individuals whose roles and names are listed in Part C of
                the Carve-Out Employees List, less any of those individuals who ceases to be employed by any
                VZ Group Company;

                VF Continuing Agreements means those Intra-group Agreements that will either (i) continue in
                force after Closing, or (ii) be entered into on or after Closing, in accordance with Schedule 9
                (Pre-closing Undertakings) including, in each case as may be amended or restated but, excluding
                the VF Framework Services Agreement;

                VF Framework Services Agreement means the framework services agreement to be entered
                into between Vodafone Sales & Services Limited and VodafoneZiggo Group B.V., in the Agreed
                Form, subject to the process for agreeing FSA Open Points in accordance with in paragraph (b) of
                Schedule 3 (Pre-closing undertakings);

                VF Procurement Agreement means the Vodafone Intercompany Procurement Agreement
                between Vodafone Procurement Company S.à r.l and Vodafone Libertel B.V. dated
                [***]        , as amended and acceded to, as amended in accordance with the Procurement
                Term Sheet;

                VF Procurement Term Sheet means the amended and restated VIPA on terms consistent with
                the VF Procurement Term Sheet, in the Agreed Form;

                VF Shareholder Loan Agreements means (1) the amended and restated master loan
                agreement between Vodafone International 1 S.à R.L. (as lender) and VodafoneZiggo Group B.V.
                (as borrower) dated [***]            , and (2) the master loan agreement between Vodafone
                International 1 S.à R.L. (as lender) and VodafoneZiggo Group B.V. (as borrower) dated
                [***]      for the Spectrum 5G licence;

                VF Shareholder Loans means the loan(s) and other amounts advanced in terms of or pursuant
                to the VF Shareholder Loan Agreements up to the Locked Box Date;
        

                                                                                                                Page 113 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                VIPA has the meaning given to it in Schedule 9 (Intra-group Agreements);
                                                                                                                                  
                VIPA Counterparty means the ‘Company’ as defined in the VP Procurement Agreement;
                                                                                                                               
                VLBV means Vodafone Libertel B.V.;

                Vodafone Sellers has the meaning given to it in the Recitals;

                Vodafone Sellers’ Bank Account means the Vodafone Sellers’ as the Seller shall notify in
                writing to BeneluxCo five (5) Business Days’ prior to the relevant payment date;

                Vodafone Sellers’ Fundamental Warranties means the warranties set out in paragraphs 1 to
                3 of Schedule 5 (Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties);

                Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties means the Vodafone Sellers’ Fundamental Warranties;

                VPA means an agreement between the VPC and a Third Party Supplier (as defined in the VP
                Procurement Agreement) under which the VPC procures goods, services and/or other deliverables
                from that Third Party Supplier for the benefit of VGCs including the VIPA Counterparty;

                VPC means Vodafone Procurement Company S.à r.l;

                VZ Company means VodafoneZiggo Group Holding B.V., a private company with limited liability
                (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) incorporated under the Laws of the
                Netherlands, having its official seat in [***]                and its office address at
                [***]                   and registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of
                Commerce under number [***]               ;

                VZ Company Locked Box Accounts shall mean the consolidated (unaudited) annual accounts
                of the VZ Company for the period ended on the Locked Box Date;

                VZ Company Works Council has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(i);

                VZ Group means the VZ Company and the VZ Subsidiaries;

                VZ Group Company means any member of the VZ Group;

                VZ Inter-Company Trading Debt means all amounts owed, outstanding or accrued in the
                ordinary course of trading, including any VAT arising on such amounts, as between any member
                of the Seller Group and any VZ Group Company as at Closing in respect of inter-company trading
                activity and the provision of services, facilities and benefits between them;

                VZ Pre-Closing Undertaking has the meaning given to it in paragraph 1 of Schedule 3
                (Pre-closing undertakings);
        

                                                                                                                Page 114 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                VZ Subsidiaries means the companies, details of which are set out in Part B of Exhibit 1
               (Information on VZ Group) and VZ Subsidiary means any one of them;                                                

                Warranty Claim means any claim for breach of the Vodafone Sellers’ Warranties or the
                BeneluxCo Warranties;

                Working Hours means 9.30 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. on a Business Day in the place of receipt of a
                notice;

                Works Council Condition has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.1(i);

                Works Council Consultation has the meaning given to it in Clause 6.12;

                Wyre Call Option has the meaning given to it in Clause Error! Reference source not found.;

                Wyre-Fiberklaar Cooperation means the proposed cooperation between Fiberklaar BV and
                Wyre BV, together with their respective parent companies Proximus NV and Telenet BV to
                (i) deploy fiber infrastructure in medium-dense areas in Flanders, (ii) allow reciprocal wholesale
                access to each other’s infrastructure in those areas and (iii) grant Proximus wholesale access to
                Wyre BV’s hybrid fiber-coax (HFC) network in rural areas, the full implementation of which is
                subject to the completion of the antitrust and regulatory processes by the Belgian Competition
                Authority, in particular the receipt of any antitrust approvals and decisions required from the
                Belgian Competition Authority for the entry into force of the proposed cooperation and the
                agreements contemplated thereunder and Belgian Institute for Postal Services and
                Telecommunications, and in the context of which the parties have offered joint and unilateral
                commitments, including by Telenet Companies, to the Belgian Competition Authority;

                Wyre Holdco means Wyre Holdco I BV, a private company with limited liability (besloten
                vennootschap) to be incorporated under the laws of Belgium which will indirectly hold 66.8 per
                cent of the shares in Wyre Holding BV, a private company with limited liability (besloten
                vennootschap) incorporated under the Laws of Belgium, having its office address at
                [***]            (and as from 27 February 2026,              [***]         ) and registered with
                the trade register of the Belgian Crossroad Bank for Entreprises under number    [***]      ;

                Wyre LG Transaction means any transaction(s) pursuant to which up to 50 per cent plus one of
                the Wyre Shares are sold by the relevant Telenet Company to the LG Shareholder (or any Affiliate
                thereof) including, as applicable, pursuant to the Wyre Call Option;

                Wyre Long Stop Date means the date which is [***]                        after the Closing Date;

                Wyre Monarch Transaction means any transaction pursuant to which Wyre Shares are sold by
                the relevant Telenet Company or member of the
        

                                                                                                                Page 115 of 128
             CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
               BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                 Post-Closing BeneluxCo Group to one or more bona fide third parties on arms’ length terms;
                                                                                                                                   
                 Wyre Option Shares means at the relevant time, the number of Wyre Shares equal to:
                                                                                                                               
                (a)    the number of Wyre Shares equal to aggregate number of Wyre Shares; less                   [***]
                       of the
        
                (b)    the number of Wyre Shares subject to LG Wyre Transactions which have either completed or
                       been entered into but not yet completed (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any LG
                       Wyre Transactions which terminated before completion); less
        
                (c)    the number of Wyre Shares subject to Wyre Monarch Transactions which have either
                       completed or been entered into but not yet completed (but excluding, for the avoidance of
                       doubt, any LG Monarch Transactions which terminated before completion) in excess of such
                       number of Wyre Shares as is equal to of the aggregate number of Wyre Shares;
                       [***]

                 Wyre Share means each share in the capital of Wyre Holdco; and

                 Wyre Transactions means (i) any Wyre Monarch Transaction, or (ii) any Wyre LG Transaction.
        
        2.      Interpretation. In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires:
        
                (a)    references to a person include any individual, firm, body corporate (wherever
                       incorporated), government, state or agency of a state or any joint venture, association,
                       partnership, works council or employee representative body (whether or not having separate
                       legal personality);
        
                (b)    references to a paragraph, Clause or Schedule shall refer to those of this Agreement unless
                       stated otherwise;
        
                (c)    headings do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement; the singular shall include the
                       plural and vice versa; and references to one gender include all genders;
        
                (d)    references to any English legal term or concept shall, in respect of any jurisdiction other
                       than England, be construed as references to the term or concept which most nearly
                       corresponds to it in that jurisdiction;
        
                (e)    references to Euro or EUR are references to the lawful currency from time to time of the
                       Netherlands or Belgium, as applicable;
        
                (f)    any statement in this Agreement qualified by the expression so far as the LG Shareholder
                       is aware or any similar expression shall be deemed to include all facts and circumstances
                       with respect to which any of the following persons has positive knowledge:
        

                                                                                                                 Page 116 of 128
             CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
               BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








                       (i)        [***]                       ; and
                                                                                                                                  
                       (ii)       [***]                       ; and
                                                                                                                                
        
                (g)    any phrase introduced by the terms including, include, in particular or any similar
                       expression shall be construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of the words
                       preceding those terms.
        
        3.      Enactments. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, any express reference to
                an enactment (which includes any legislation in any jurisdiction) includes references to: (i) that
                enactment as amended, consolidated or re-enacted by or under any other enactment before or
                after the date of this Agreement; (ii) any enactment which that enactment re-enacts (with or
                without modification); and (iii) any subordinate legislation (including regulations) made (before or
                after the date of this Agreement) under that enactment, as amended, consolidated or re-enacted
                as described at (i) or (ii) above, except to the extent that any of the matters referred to in (i) to
                (iii) occurs after the date of this Agreement and increases or alters the Liability of the Vodafone
                Sellers or BeneluxCo under this Agreement.
        
        4.      Schedules. The Schedules comprise schedules to this Agreement and form part of this Agreement.
        
        5.      Inconsistencies. Where there is any inconsistency between the definitions set out in this Schedule
                11 and the definitions set out in any clause of the Agreement or any other Schedule, then, for the
                purposes of construing such clause or Schedule, the definitions set out in such clause or Schedule
                shall prevail.
        
        6.      Indemnity. References to “indemnify” and “indemnifying” any person against any circumstance
                include indemnifying and keeping him harmless from all actions, claims and proceedings from
                time to time made against that person (or its direct or indirect subsidiaries) and all loss or
                damage and all payments, costs or expenses made or incurred by that person (or its direct or
                indirect subsidiaries) as a consequence of or which would not have arisen but for that
                circumstance.
        
        7.      Costs, expenses, fees, Liabilities and Losses: References to “costs”, “expenses”, “fees”, “Liabilities”
                and/or “Losses” incurred by a person shall not include any amount in respect of VAT comprised in
                such costs, expenses, fees, Liabilities or Losses for which either that person or, if relevant, any
                other member of the VAT group to which that person belongs is entitled to credit as input tax.
        
        8.      Where a provision in this Agreement purports to oblige BeneluxCo to take any particular action in
                relation to any of its subsidiaries, or vote the shares in any of its subsidiaries in a particular way,
                that shall mean that the LG Shareholder shall procure that BeneluxCo takes such action or votes
                its shares in such a way.
        

                                                                                                                 Page 117 of 128
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        SIGNATURE
                                                                                                                              
        This Agreement is signed by duly authorised representatives of the Parties:



        
        SIGNED                                                        )
        for and on behalf of                                          )
        VODAFONE EUROPE B.V.                                          )
        
                                                                          Signature:    [***]


                                                                          Name:         [***]




                                                                          Signature:


                                                                          Name:




        
        
                                       [Signature page to Sale and Purchase Agreement]
        
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        SIGNATURE
                                                                                                                              
        This Agreement is signed by duly authorised representatives of the Parties:



        
        SIGNED                                                        )
        for and on behalf of                                          )
        VODAFONE EUROPE B.V.                                          )
        
                                                                               Signature:

                                                                               Name:




                                                                               Signature:     [***]

                                                                               Name:          [***]




        
        
                                       [Signature page to Sale and Purchase Agreement]
        
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        SIGNED                                                        )
       for and on behalf of                                          )                                                        
        VODAFONE INTERNATIONAL 1 S.À R.L.                             )
        
                                                                               Signature: [***]

                                                                               Name:        [***]




                                                                               Signature:

                                                                               Name:




        
        
                                       [Signature page to Sale and Purchase Agreement]
        
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        SIGNED                                                        )
       for and on behalf of                                          )                                                        
        VODAFONE INTERNATIONAL 1 S.À R.L.                             )
        
                                                                               Signature:

                                                                               Name:




                                                                               Signature:     [***]

                                                                               Name:          [***]




        
        
                                       [Signature page to Sale and Purchase Agreement]
        
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        SIGNED                                                        )
       for and on behalf of                                          )                                                        
        LIBERTY GLOBAL HOLDING B.V.                                   )
        
                                                                               Represented by of Liberty Global Europe
                                                                               Management BV:



                                                                               Signature: [***]

                                                                               Name:        [***]




                                                                               Signature: [***]

                                                                               Name:        [***]




        
        
                                       [Signature page to Sale and Purchase Agreement]
        
            CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD
              BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”.








        SIGNED                                                        )
       for and on behalf of                                          )                                                        
        LIBERTY GLOBAL                                                )
        BROADBAND I LIMITED                                           )
        
                                                                               Signature:     [***]


                                                                               Name:      [***]




        
        
        
                                       [Signature page to Sale and Purchase Agreement]
        
    Exhibit 4.31

(G) no administration, dissolution (compulsory or otherwise) or liquidation orders or analogous proceedings have been made and it has not received notice that any petition or application for such an order has been made or presented or that any administrator or liquidator (or similar) has been appointed or notice given or filed or step taken or procedure commenced with a view to the appointment of an administrator in respect of it or that such proceedings are imminent; (H) it has not received notice that any receiver (which expression shall include an administrative receiver) has been appointed in respect of it or over all or substantially all of its respective assets; and (I) no composition or similar arrangement with all or any class of creditors (including but not limited to a voluntary arrangement or scheme of arrangement) has been proposed or entered into by or in respect of such Party. 7.2 The Hutchison Shareholder warrants to the Vodafone Shareholder and the Company that each of the following statements is true and accurate in all respects and not misleading at the date of this Agreement and will be true and accurate in all respects and not misleading at the date on which Completion occurs as if repeated immediately before Completion by reference to the facts and circumstances subsisting at that date: (A) the Hutchison Shareholder is the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Hutchison Shares; (B) other than pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement and the Company’s articles of association, there is no option, right to acquire, mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of security or encumbrance or equity on, over or affecting the Hutchison Shares or any of them and there is no agreement or commitment to give or create any and no claim has been made by any person to be entitled to any;and (C) there are no Shareholder Loans between any member of Hutchison’s Group and any member of the Company’s Group outstanding. 8. Guarantees Hutchison Guarantor’s Guarantee 8.1 In consideration for the Company and the Vodafone Shareholder entering into this Agreement, the Hutchison Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Company and the Vodafone Shareholder the due and punctual performance and observance by the Hutchison Shareholder of all obligations and liabilities under or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this Agreement {the “Hutchison Guaranteed Obligations”) and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Company and the Vodafone Shareholder against all liabilities, losses, proceedings, claims, damages, costs and expenses that they may suffer or incur as a result of any failure or delay by the Hutchison Shareholder in the performance or observance of any Hutchison Guaranteed Obligations. The
released or diminished by any variation of the terms of this Agreement {whether or not agreed by the Hutchison Guarantor), any forbearance, neglect or delay in seeking performance of the Hutchison Guaranteed Obligations or any granting of time for such performance. 8.2 If and whenever the Hutchison Shareholder defaults for any reason whatsoever in the performance or observance of any of the Hutchison Guaranteed Obligations, the Hutchison Guarantor shall forthwith upon demand unconditionally perform (or procure performance of) and satisfy (or procure satisfaction of) the relevant Hutchison Guaranteed Obligation in the manner prescribed by this Agreement and so that the same benefits shall be conferred on the Company and the Vodafone Shareholder as would have been received if such Hutchison Guaranteed Obligation had been duly and promptly performed and observed by the Hutchison Shareholder. 8.3 With respect to the Hutchison Guarantor, this guarantee is to be a continuing guarantee and accordingly is to remain in force until all the Hutchison Guaranteed Obligations shall have been performed or satisfied.This guarantee is in addition to, without limiting and not in substitution for, any rights or security which the Vodafone Shareholder may now or after the date of this Agreement have or hold for the performance and observance of the Hutchison Guaranteed Obligations. 8.4 As a separate and independent stipulation, the Hutchison Guarantor agrees that any Hutchison Guaranteed Obligation which may not be enforceable against or recoverable from the Hutchison Shareholder by reason of any legal limitation, disability or incapacity on or of the Hutchison Shareholder or any fact or circumstance (other than any relevant limitation imposed by this Agreement) shall nevertheless be enforceable against and recoverable from the Hutchison Guarantor as though the same had been incurred by the Hutchison Guarantor and the Hutchison Guarantor were the sole or principal obligor in respect thereof and shall be performed or paid by the Hutchison Guarantor on written demand from the Vodafone Shareholder. Vodafone Guarantor’s Guarantee 8.5 In consideration for the Hutchison Shareholder entering into this Agreement, the Vodafone Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Hutchison Shareholder the due and punctual performance and observance: (i) by the Vodafone Shareholder of all obligations and liabilities under or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, and (ii) following the Cancellation becoming effective in accordance with Applicable Law, by the Company of the obligations and liabilities under clauses 6.4, 9.5(B), 10.2 and/or 12.3(A) of this Agreement (together the “Vodafone Guaranteed
securities in the Company) held by the Hutchison Shareholder at any time prior to Completion. 10. Payments 10.1 Any payment to be made pursuant to this Agreement shall be made in pounds sterling and in immediately available funds to the bank account(s) notified by the relevant payee to the relevant payer. All sums payable under this Agreement shall be paid free and clear of all deductions, withholdings, set offs or counterclaims whatsoever save only as may be required by law. 10.2 If the Company defaults in the payment to the Hutchison Shareholder of the Consideration Amount in accordance with clause 6.4 when due, its liability shall be increased to include interest on such sum from the date when such payment is due until the date of actual payment (as well as before judgment) at a rate of [***] above the Bank of England’s Bank Rate as published by the Bank of England from time to time. Such interest shall accrue from day to day and shall be compounded monthly. 11. Taxation 11.1 Each Party shall be responsible for its own liabilities to Tax incurred or otherwise arising as a result of or in connection with entering into or performing its obligations under this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by it and shall bear its own costs incurred in connection with the satisfaction of such liabilities. 11.2 The Company shall provide the Hutchison Shareholder with (or procure that the Hutchison Shareholder is provided with), as soon as reasonably practicable after the same is available or required (as applicable), all information and records of the Company and/or any other member of its Group as the Hutchison Shareholder may reasonably require from time to time in connection with the preparation and filing of the Tax returns (or other Tax filings or correspondence with a Tax Authority) of the Hutchison Shareholder (and/or member of the Hutchison Shareholder’s Group) in relation to any jurisdiction in which such returns or filings are required to be made (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two)). 11.3 The Hutchison Shareholder shall provide the Company with (or procure that the Company is provided with}, as soon as reasonably practicable after the same is available or required (as applicable), all information and records of the Hutchison Shareholder and/or any other member of its Group (including, for these purposes, any member of the Three UK Group) as the Company may reasonably require from time to time in connection with the preparation and filing of the Tax returns (or other Tax filings or correspondence with a Tax Authority) of the Company (and/or member of the Company’s Group) in relation to any jurisdiction in which such returns or filings are required to be made (including, for the
11.4 The Hutchison Shareholder or the Company (the “providing party”) shall, on request from the other (the “requesting party”) provide to the requesting party (or procure the provision to the requesting party of) all information and records relating to Tax (including, without limitation, for financial reporting and audit purposes which shall include, without limitation, information and records with respect to uncertain tax positions, provisions, contingent liabilities and related disclosures) of the providing party and/or any other member of its Group (including, with respect to the Hutchison Shareholder as the providing party, for this purpose any member of the Three UK Group) as the requesting party may reasonably require from time to time, as soon as reasonably practicable after the same is requested. 11.5 With effect from Completion and subject to clause 11.6, the Hutchison Shareholder covenants with the Company to pay to the Company an amount equal (on an after-Tax basis) to: (A) any Tax liability of the Company or any member of the Company’s Group which is chargeable directly or primarily against, or arises directly or primarily in consequence of or by reference to anything done by, a Relevant Person and, for this purpose, a “Relevant Person” means the Hutchison Shareholder or any member of the Hutchison Shareholder’s Group that may be treated for the purposes of any Tax as having been at any time a member of the same group of companies as, or otherwise associated with or connected with, the Company or the relevant member of the Company’s Group; and (B) any out-of-pocket costs or expenses reasonably and properly incurred by the Company or a member of the Company’s Group solely and directly in connection with any payment of Tax as is referred to in clause 11.5(A) or in connection with any action taken in avoiding, resisting or settling any such payment of Tax or in connection with taking or defending any action under this clause 11.5. 11.6 If the Company or any member of the Company’s Group receives any notice, enquiry, demand, assessment, determination, letter or other document issued by a Tax Authority from which it appears that the Company or that member of the Company’s Group may be required to make an actual payment, or suffer a deemed payment, of Tax or may suffer the non-availability, or non-existence or the loss, reduction, modification or cancellation of a relief from or repayment of Tax, in each case, which may give rise to a claim against the Hutchison Shareholder pursuant to clause 11.5, the Company shall give or procure that notice in writing is given to the Hutchison Shareholder as soon as is reasonably practicable. Provided the Hutchison Shareholder agrees to indemnify the Company and each relevant member of
negligent conduct or which would be materially prejudicial to the commercial interests of the Company, any member of the Company’s Group or the Vodafone Shareholder; and (B) the decision of whether to appeal any matter beyond the first appellate body (excluding the relevant Tax Authority) shall be subject to the approval of the Board at its sole discretion. 11.7 With effect from Completion and subject to the provIsIons of clause 11.8, each Shareholder (the “First Shareholder”) covenants with the other Shareholder (the “Second Shareholder”) to pay to the Second Shareholder an amount equal (on an after-Tax basis) to: (A) any Tax liability of the Second Shareholder or any member of that Shareholder’s Group which is chargeable primarily against a Relevant Person, and, for this purpose, a “Relevant Person” means the First Shareholder or any member of the First Shareholder’s Group (or, where the First Shareholder is the Vodafone Shareholder, the Company or any member of the Company’s Group) that may be treated for the purposes of any Tax as having been at any time on or after completion of the Initial Transaction and prior to Completion a member of the same group of companies as, or otherwise associated with or connected with, the First Shareholder; and (B) any out-of-pocket costs or expenses reasonably and properly incurred by the Second Shareholder or member of the Second Shareholder’s Group solely and directly in connection with any payment of Tax as is referred to in clause 11.7(A) or in connection with any action taken in avoiding, resisting or settling any such payment of Tax or in connection with taking or defending any action under this clause 11.7. 11.8 If the Second Shareholder or member of the Second Shareholder’s Group receives any notice, enquiry, demand, assessment, determination, letter or other document issued by a Tax Authority from which it appears that it may be required to make an actual payment, or suffer a deemed payment, of Tax or may suffer the non-availability, or non-existence or the loss, reduction, modification or cancellation of a relief from or repayment of Tax, in each case, which may give rise to a claim against the First Shareholder under clause 11.7, the Second Shareholder shall give or procure that notice in writing is given to the First Shareholder as soon as is reasonably practicable. 11.9 If, in respect of any accounting period or part period beginning before ll’1*May 2025, any Three UK Group Company has available an amount which it is permitted by Applicable Laws to surrender: (i) by way of Group Relief to any member of the Hutchison Shareholder’s Group; or (ii) by way of Consortium Relief to any person and, in respect of its corresponding accounting period (or part thereof), a member of the Hutchison
company”) shall be permitted to surrender it, or any part of it, to the claimant company, and the claimant company shall accept such surrender, to the extent that the Hutchison Shareholder has agreed to it (and the Hutchison Shareholder shall, so far as necessary, provide a written consent to such surrender in order to give effect to it), provided that no Three UK Group Company shall be obliged to be a surrendering company in respect of a claim for Group Relief or Consortium Relief under this clause 11.9 to the extent that (i) the surrender would result in the surrendering company becoming tax paying for a Tax Return Period ending prior to 31 rvtay]2025, or (ii) another Three UK Group Company has taxable profits for a Tax Return Period ending prior to 31 Mlayl2025 which could first be reduced by a surrender of Group Relief or Consortium Relief by the relevant Three UK Group Company and such surrender of Group Relief or Consortium Relief under this clause 11.9 would otherwise prevent the relevant surrender of Group Relief or Consortium Relief to that Three UK Group Company. The claimant company shall, to the extent permitted by any Applicable Laws, not be required to pay to the surrendering company any amount for any surrender under this clause 11.9. 11.10 The parties shall co-operate in good faith to take any action (at the cost and expense of the Hutchison Shareholder) reasonably required to promptly give effect to the surrenders contemplated by clause 11.9. Such actions shall include, to the extent so required and permitted by Applicable Law, co-operating in good faith to ensure that there are undertaken promptly such reduction or reductions of capital as are required in order to create sufficient distributable reserves so as to enable the Three UK Group Companies to make the relevant surrenders for no payment, provided that any such reduction or reductions of capital could not reasonably be expected to give rise to any adverse consequences for the Vodafone Shareholder or any member of its Group (excluding, for this purpose, (i) the relevant surrender itself and (ii) any costs and expenses with respect to the carrying out of the reduction or reductions of capital which shall be borne by the Hutchison Shareholder). In interpreting the word “promptly” in this clause 11.10, the parties acknowledge the need for the surrenders contemplated by clause 11.9 to take place prior to 31 DecEttfflPer 2026 and the Hutchison Shareholder’s desire to ensure that such surrenders are made prior to 30 Septeffllber 2026. 11.11 If, notwithstanding any actions that may be taken pursuant to clause 11.10, it is contrary to any Applicable Laws for any surrender contemplated by clause 11.9 to be made to the claimant company for no payment, the parties shall cooperate in
(Election to exclude capital expenditure on software) without the prior written consent of the Vodafone Shareholder. Each Shareholder shall promptly take, and shall procure that the Company and each Three UK Group Company shall promptly take, such actions as are reasonably requested by the Hutchison Shareholder to ensure that such claims are made as soon as reasonably practicable after the date of this Agreement, and the Company shall, and shall procure that each Three UK Group Company shall, promptly afford to the Hutchison Shareholder such access to its personnel, books, accounts and records and provide such assistance as is necessary and reasonable to enable the Hutchison Shareholder to exercise its rights under this clause 11.13. In interpreting the word “promptly” and “as soon as reasonably practicable” in this clause 11.13, the parties acknowledge the Hutchison Shareholder’s desire to ensure that such claims are made prior to 30 Septfrtl):>er 2026. 11.14 The parties agree that it is their intention that the tax affairs of the Three UK Group Companies in respect ofTax Return Periods ending prior to 31 MyJW25 will be managed so as to maintain the total amount of Reliefs which have been surrendered by way of Group Relief and/or Consortium Relief for those Tax Return Periods by the Three UK Group Companies to the extent any Reliefs cease to be available as a direct result of, and would have been available but for, any adjustment to any Tax return for such a Tax Return Period of a Three UK Group Company as a result of (i) (***) , (ii) any Tax Liability that falls within Clause 3.12 of the Deed of Tax Covenant (or which would fall within Clause 3.12 of the Deed ofTax Covenant but for the application of Clause 4 of the Deed of Tax Covenant or but for the application of clause 9.2(A) of this Agreement), or (iii) any Tax Liability arising in respect of a Tax Return Period ending prior to 31 Ml 2025 in respect of any facts or circumstances which have required an adjustment by HMRC to any Tax return for a Tax Return Period relevant to the accounting periods beginning on 1 Jant1m“J’ 2024 and ending on 31 Mc[ft’I) 2025 (or in respect of any substantially similar facts or circumstances), provided that no Three UK Group Company shall be permitted to claim any capital allowances pursuant to any election under section 815 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009 (Election to exclude capital expenditure on software) without the prior written consent of the Vodafone Shareholder. For the purposes of this clause 11.14 the amount of Reliefs which have been surrendered by way of Group Relief and/or Consortium Relief for Tax Return Periods ending prior to 31 fv\aYJ2025 shall (i) include, in respect of the Tax Return Periods relevant to the accounting periods
that falls within Clause 3.12 of the Deed of Tax Covenant, (or which would fall within Clause 3.12 of the Deed of Tax Covenant but for the application of Clause 4 of the Deed of Tax Covenant or but for the application of clause 9.2(A) of this Agreement) or (b) arising in respect of any facts or circumstances which has required an adjustment by HMRC to any Tax return for a Tax Return Period relevant to the accounting periods beginning on 1 Jamliary 2024 and ending on 31 Matt:11 2025 (or in respect of any substantially similar facts or circumstances). 11.16 The Company shall, as soon as reasonably practicable following the end of each Tax Return Period in respect of which Group Relief and/or Consortium Relief is surrendered in accordance with clause 11.9, provide a written statement to the Hutchison Shareholder of the details and amounts of Group Relief and Consortium Relief which was so surrendered in that Tax Return Period, and the Hutchison Shareholder shall provide such assistance as is reasonably requested by the Company in preparing such written statement. The Company shall, in respect of a surrender of Group Relief or Consortium Relief which is permitted pursuant to clause 11.9, procure that the relevant surrendering company shall provide to the relevant claimant company a notice of consent to surrender (in accordance with the requirements of Part 8 of Schedule 18 to the Finance Act 1998) at least 30 days before the filing date of the Tax return to which the surrender relates (or, where such Tax return has already been filed, at the same time as the relevant Tax return is amended). 11.17 The Consideration Amount payable by the Company to the Hutchison Shareholder under this Agreement shall be paid free and clear of all deductions or withholdings whatsoever, save only as may be required by law. If any deductions or withholdings for, or on account of, Tax are required by law to be made from the Consideration Amount (other than any amount of interest) payable to the Hutchison Shareholder then the Company shall be obliged to pay to the Hutchison Shareholder such additional amount as will, after such deduction or withholding has been made, leave the Hutchison Shareholder with the same amount as it would have received in the absence of any such requirement to make a deduction or withholding. 12. iiiier-Group Agreements 12.1 IS*ubject to the remaining provisions of this clause 12, Vodafone and Hutchison shall, and shall procure that their relevant Affiliates (including, in the case of Vodafone, Hutchison 3G UK Limited) shall, co-operate in good faith to create a plan, by no later than the date of Completion, for the Disentanglement of the Inter-Group Agreements as soon as reasonably practicable, and in any event by no later than the
Affiliates release) Hutchison 3G UK Limited (and its Affiliates) from any liability that Hutchison 3G UK Limited (and its Affiliates) may have to Hutchison (or its relevant Affiliates), in each case to the extent such liability arises as a result of a failure by H3G Procurement Services S.a r.l. or Hutchison 3G UK Limited (or its Affiliates) to comply with an obligation under the Apple Handset Agreements to order a minimum number of iPhones during the term of those agreements up to 31 March 2027 (the “Minimum Volume Commitment”); and (ii) Hutchison shall indemnify and hold Hutchison 3G UK Limited harmless for any losses Hutchison 3G UK Limited suffers as a result of any claim brought by Apple Distribution International Ltd (or any of its Affiliates) pursuant to the Apple Handset Agreements, for any breach by H3G Procurement Services S.a r.l. or Hutchison 3G UK Limited (or its Affiliates) of the Minimum Volume Commitment, in each case, except to the extent such loss or liability is caused by the Company having failed to comply with its obligation under clause 12.3(A). 12.4 ffi*relation to interconnection and international roaming: (A) Hutchison shall procure that Hutchison Whampoa 3G IP S.a r.l. terminates Hutchison 3G UK Limited’s participation in the Intra 3 Group International Roaming Discount Agreement, dated 1 January 2020, with effect from Completion, such that Hutchison 3G UK Limited shall no longer be a party to, and shall no longer be entitled to benefit from, that agreement on and from Completion; (B) any international roaming agreement to which Hutchison 3G UK Limited and a member of Hutchison’s Group are party as at the date of Completion, and which is based on standard form GSMA roaming agreement terms, shall remain in force following Completion in accordance with its terms; and (C) the Parties acknowledge and agree that, as at the date of this Agreement, Hutchison 3G UK Limited participates in an annual process through which Hutchison Whampoa 3G IP S.a r.l., as agent for and on behalf of (among others) Hutchison 3G UK Limited, negotiates discounted roaming rates with third party mobile network operators on a global basis for each calendar year, using projections of roaming volumes supplied by each mobile network operator within Hutchison’s Group (including, prior to Completion, Hutchison 3G UK Limited) (“Group International Roaming Discount Agreements”). In relation to: (i) the Group International Roaming Discount Agreements arranged in respect of calendar year 2026 using Hutchison 3G UK Limited’s projections of roaming volumes for that period, Hutchison 3G UK Limited shall be entitled to continue to benefit for the Group International Roaming Discount Agreements for 2026, and the Company shall procure that:
    Exhibit 4.32

complied with all applicable laws relating to its entry into the aforementioned agreements (including this Agreement) and transactions contemplated herein and the performance of its obligations thereunder, 4.1.2.3 the choice of Kenyan law as the governing law of this agreement and the provisions of clause 20 (including any similar provisions in all other agreements relating to the Sale) are permissible under the laws of Kenya and are therefore enforceable, and 4.1.2.4 the Cabinet Secretary to the National Treasury of Kenya is duly appointed to execute this Agreement on behalf of the Seller, which opinion shall be supported by a certified copy of the gazette notice attached to the opinion approving the appointment of the Cabinet Secretary to the National Treasury; 4.1.3 the Cabinet of Kenya has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure unconditionally or on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.4 4 the National Assembly of Kenya has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure unconditionally or on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.5 the GOK has procured, to the satisfaction of the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing, that the Spectrum Licence held by the Company will be renewed for a continuous period of 25 years; 4.1.6 a written share purchase agreement in respect of the VKL Restructure has been entered into and has become unconditional in accordance with its terms, save for any term requiring that this Agreement become unconditional; 4.1.7 7 the CA has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure and the continued holding by the Company of the Licences on the same terms as currently held by the Company or, to the extent different terms would apply, on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.8 the CCC has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure unconditionally or on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing and the CAK has been notified of the filing of the application to the CCC within 14 days of such filing; 4.1.9 the CBK has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure and the continued holding by the Company of the Licences on the same terms as currently held by the Company or, to the extent different terms would apply on terms acceptable to
or subsidiary companies, including VGL) holds shares in issued share capital of the Company, the Company’s board may include representatives of the Purchaser (or any of its holding or subsidiary companies, including VGL) and the ability for such representatives to form part of the Company’s board shall not be restricted in any way; 4.1.13 the Purchaser has obtained a private ruling from the Kenyan Collector of Stamp Duties confirming that no stamp duty is payable by the Purchaser in connection with the Sale, including the funding of the Purchase Consideration and the VKL Restructure, on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.14 the Purchaser has received the written irrevocable and unconditional resignation of one of the Seller’s appointees to the board of directors of the Company as a director of the Company with effect from the Closing Date, on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and has confirmed in writing that this Condition Precedent is fulfilled; 4.1.15 the Ethiopian Ministry of Trade has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure unconditionally or on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.16 the Ethiopian Communications Authority has approved the Sale, the VKL Restructure and the continued holding of any appliable licences by the relevant company/ies within the Company’s group unconditionally or on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.17 the EACCA has approved the Sale and the VKL Restructure unconditionally or on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.18 18 Huawei has been notified of the Sale and has waived its right to terminate the Huawei Material Supply Agreement to the satisfaction of the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.1 19 the relevant counterparties to the Facility Agreements have been notified of or consented to, as may be applicable, the Sale and the VKL Restructure on terms acceptable to the Purchaser, acting reasonably, and confirmed as acceptable by the Purchaser in writing; 4.1.20 the articles of association of the Company have been amended on terms agreed to by the Purchaser and the Seller in writing and the Seller has delivered a duly executed written undertaking to the Purchaser in terms
save for clauses 1, 2, this clause 4.6, and clauses 10 to 22, which will remain of full force and effect, will never become of any force or effect and the status quo ante will be restored as near as may be and neither of the Parties will have any claim against the other in terms hereof or arising from the failure of the Conditions Precedent, save for any claims arising from a breach of clauses 4.2, 4.3 and/or 4.4. 5 REGULATORY APPROVALS AND COSTS 5.1 It is recorded that the Sale and, to the extent applicable, the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement may only be implemented once all the Regulatory Approvals have been obtained. 5.2 The Purchaser (and to the extent necessary, the Seller) hereby instructs CDH to prepare and submit (whether on behalf of the Purchaser or the Seller) Regulatory Filings in respect of the Sale and, to the extent necessary, the other transactions contemplated in this Agreement to the Regulatory Authorities as required by any applicable laws and Licences and in the applicable jurisdictions as required to obtain the Regulatory Approvals. The Seller shall have a reasonable opportunity to comment on and provide input in relation to all such Regulatory Filings. 5.3 Notwithstanding clause 5.2, the Parties may agree that the Purchaser shall prepare and/or submit any Regulatory Filing, provided that no Regulatory Filing shall be submitted to any person without the prior written consent of the Seller and that the Seller shall have the opportunity to comment on, and provide input in relation to such Regulatory Filing. 5.4 Where a joint filing is required for any Regulator Filing, or a joint filing will be more expeditious, the Parties agree that they shall submit a joint filing in respect of such Regulatory Filing. 5.5 The Purchaser and the Seller shall procure that each of the Regulatory Approvals are submitted to the relevant authorities within 20 business days after the Signature Date and in accordance with any timelines set out in the Licences, as applicable. 5.6 In the event that any Regulatory Authority does not grant the relevant Regulatory Approval or grants the Regulatory Approval on terms and subject to conditions unacceptable to the Purchaser (acting reasonably), the Purchaser may, in its sole, absolute and unfettered discretion, elect to review, appeal and/or otherwise challenge the decision of the regulatory authority, in which event the Purchaser shall instruct CDH to prepare the relevant Regulatory Filings necessary to appeal, review and/or otherwise challenge the decision of such regulatory
11.6.7 any combination of features will not be deemed to be within the foregoing exclusions merely because individual features are in the public domain or in the Recipient’s possession, but only if the combination itself and its principle of operation are in the public domain or in the Recipient’s possession. 11.7 In the event that the Recipient is required to disclose confidential information of the Disclosing Party as contemplated in clause 11.6.4, the Recipient will — 11.7.1 advise the Disclosing Party thereof in writing prior to disclosure, if possible; 11.7.2 take such steps to limit the disclosure to the minimum extent required to satisfy such requirement and to the extent that it lawfully and reasonably can; 11.7.3 afford the Disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity, if possible, to intervene in the proceedings; 11.7.4 comply with the Disclosing Party’s reasonable requests as to the manner and terms of. any such disclosure; and 11.7.5 notify the Disclosing Party of the recipient of, and the form and extent of, any such disclosure or announcement immediately after it is made. 11.8 The Disclosing Party and the Recipient (as independent controllers) undertake to comply with their respective obligations under any applicable laws to the extent any confidential information includes information relating to personal information, and to provide reasonable assistance to each other in furtherance of such compliance. Each Party undertakes to provide personal information to the other Party in accordance with any applicable laws. 11.9 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Seller shall be entitled to disclose confidential information relating to or connected with this Agreement and the Sale to VGL and Vodafone Group Public Limited Company, and their subsidiary companies. 12 PUBLICITY 12.1 Subject to clause 12.4, each Party undertakes to keep confidential and not to disclose to any third party, save as may be required in law (including by the rules of any recognised securities exchange, where applicable) or permitted in terms of this Agreement, the nature, content or existence of this Agreement and any and all information given by a Party to the other Party pursuant to this Agreement. 12.2 No announcements of any nature whatsoever will be made by or on behalf of a Party relating to this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, save for any announcement or other statement required to be made in terms of the provisions of any law or by the rules of any recognised securities exchange, in
obliged to make such statement will first share such announcement or other statement with the other Party before publishing it; and (ii) the content of such announcement or other statement, must go no further than is required in terms of such law or rules. This will not apply to a Party wishing to respond to the other Party which has made an announcement of some nature in breach of this clause 11. 12.3 Notwithstanding clause 12.2, VGL shall be entitled to make a voluntary announcement of the Sale, provided that such announcement shall go no further than what is required by the Johannesburg Stock Exchange Listings Requirements. 12.4 This clause 12 shall not apply to any disclosure made by a Party to its professional advisors or consultants or to any of its bankers, financiers or potential financiers or to any potential investor in the Company or in any business of the Company, provided that they have agreed to the same confidentiality undertakings, or to any judicial or arbitral tribunal or officer, in connection with any matter relating to this Agreement or arising out of it. 13 SUPPORT The Parties undertake at all times to do all such things, perform all such actions and take all such steps and to procure the doing of all such things, the performance of all such actions and the taking of all such steps as may be open to them and necessary for or incidental to the putting into effect or maintenance of the terms, conditions and/or import of this Agreement. 14 BREACH 15 1 In the event that either of the Parties (“Defaulting Party”) commits a breach of any of its obligations under this Agreement and fails to remedy such breach within a period of 11 business days after receipt of a written notice from the other Party (“Aggrieved Party”) calling upon the Defaulting Party so to remedy, then the Aggrieved Party shall be entitled, at its sole discretion and without prejudice to any of its other rights in law, either to claim specific performance of the terms of this Agreement or to cancel this Agreement forthwith and without further notice, and in either case to claim and recover damages from the Defaulting Party. 16 .2 Notwithstanding the provisions of clause 14.1, this Agreement shall not be capable of being cancelled at any time on or after the Closing Date. 17 .3 The Parties agree that any costs awarded will be recoverable on an attorney-and-own- client scale unless the court specifically determines that such scale shall not apply, in which event the costs will be recoverable in accordance with the applicable court tariff, determined on an
15 DISPUTE RESOLUTION 15.1 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination or the legal relationships established by this Agreement (“Dispute”) shall first be referred, by either Party and within 15 business days of either Party receiving notice of the Dispute, for negotiation and consultation between a director of the Purchaser and the Cabinet Secretary to the National Treasury on behalf of the Seller. 15.2 If the Dispute referred to the aforementioned persons is not resolved in writing within 15 business days of such referral, such Dispute shall be referred to and shall be exclusively and finally resolved by arbitration under the Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (“LCIA” Rules) (in effect at the time of the arbitration) which LCIA Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause 15. 15.3 The Parties hereby agree that for the arbitration — 15.3.1 the number of arbitrators shall be three (3) arbitrators, appointed in accordance with the LCIA Rules; 15.3.2 the language for the arbitration proceedings shall be English; 15.3.3 the arbitration shall be conducted in private and the Parties shall treat as confidential of the existence Dispute submitted to arbitration, all pleadings, written evidence and other materials produced in the arbitration and all orders and awards, except to the extent that disclosure is required by law, by a competent regulatory or supervisory authority, or for the purposes of enforcing or challenging an award; and 15.3.4 the seat, or legal place, of the arbitration shall be in London. 15.4 The arbitration award shall be final and binding on the Parties and the Parties hereby undertake to comply with any award without undue delay and judgment upon any award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. 15.5 Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent or prohibit a Party from applying to any court of competent jurisdiction for interim or conservatory measures, and any such application shall not be incompatible with this agreement to arbitrate or regarded as a wavier of it. 15.6 In the event that an arbitration under this clause 15 has commenced and is still pending (“Pending Arbitration”) when another dispute arises under, or in connection with this Agreement or any other transaction document is submitted to arbitration (“New Dispute”), each of the Parties hereby agrees that, upon the request for arbitration filed in the New Dispute indicating that the claimant in the New Dispute require a
    Exhibit 4.33

    Exhibit 4.34

2 after 15h00 East Africa Time on 31 March 2026), on a date determined by the Purchaser which date shall be no later than the sixth business day after the Fulfilment Date; or 4.1.1.3 1,8,3 such other date as agreed to by the Parties;”-, amending clause 2.1.28 of the Agreement to read as follows: “2.1.28 “Purchase Consideration” means the USD equivalent of KES 204,333,682,800 determined using the USD/KES Exchange Rate, which amounts to USD1,577,013,837, less any Sale Shares Distributions; payable by the Purchaser to the Seller, in USD, for the Sale Shares in terms of this Agreement, it being recorded that, after deducting the Deductible Fees of USD200.000 as contemplated in clauses 5.9A and 7 1. the net amount payable by the Purchaser to the Seller will be USD1,576.813,837;”: and 4.2 deleting clause 2.1.35 of the Agreement in its entirety; 4.3 inserting a new clause 2.1.37A into the Agreement that reads as follows: “2.1.37A “Shared Prosperity Business Model” means the manner in which the Company promotes the well-being of all stakeholders, community and suppliers into its business strategy as at the Closing Date;”: A A amending clause 2.1.41 of the Agreement to read as follows: “2.1.41 “USD/KES Exchange Rate” means the 129.57 KES per USD,average of the rates, as quoted by Bloomberg at its Bloomberg FIX rate, to convert KES into USD-for five calendar dayspreceding the Signature-Date “; 4.5 amending clause 4.1.21 of the Agreement to read as follows: “4.1.21 the Financing Agreements have been entered into and the facility amount under the facility agreement between Vodafone Investments Luxembourg S.A R.L. and VGL has been advanced by Vodafone Investments Luxembourg S.A R.L. to VGL and confirmed as received by VGL into its South African bank accounthave become unconditional in accordance with their terms, save for any term requiring that this Agreement become unconditional, and”: 4.6 amending clause 7 of the Agreement to reads as follows: “ 7 PURCHASE CONSIDERA TION, DIVIDENDS AND PA YMENT 7.1 The Purchase Consideration less the Deductible Fees, being a net amount of USD1,576,813,837, will be paid by the Purchaser to the Seller on the Closing Date CERTAIN IDENTIFIED INFORMATION HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THIS EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. SUCH EXCLUDED INFORMATION HAS BEEN MARKED WITH “[***]”. CLIFFE DEKKER
                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 12

                                                     RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION

I, Margherita Della Valle, certify that:

1.   I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 20-F of Vodafone Group Plc (the “Company”);

2.   Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
     to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
     the period covered by this report;

3.   Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
     respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
     report;

4.   The Company’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
     defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
     Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Company and have:

     (a)     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
             supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
             known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

     (b)     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
             under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
             financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

     (c)     Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
             about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
             such evaluation; and

     (d)     Disclosed in this report any change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period
             covered by the Annual Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
             control over financial reporting; and

5.   The Company’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
     reporting, to the Company’s auditors and the audit committee of the Company’s board of directors (or persons performing the
     equivalent functions):

     (a)     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
             which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
             information; and

     (b)     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
             Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

22 May 2026                                                                /s/ Margherita Della Valle
Date                                                                       Margherita Della Valle
                                                                           Group Chief Executive
                                                                                                                                   Exhibit 12

                                                     RULE 13a-14(a) CERTIFICATION

I, Pilar López, certify that:

1.    I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 20-F of Vodafone Group Plc (the “Company”);

2.    Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
      to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
      the period covered by this report;

3.    Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
      respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
      report;

4.    The Company’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
      defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
      Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Company and have:

      (a)    Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
             supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
             known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

      (b)    Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
             under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
             financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

      (c)    Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
             about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
             such evaluation; and

      (d)    Disclosed in this report any change in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period
             covered by the Annual Report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal
             control over financial reporting; and

5.    The Company’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
      reporting, to the Company’s auditors and the audit committee of the Company’s board of directors (or persons performing the
      equivalent functions):

      (a)    All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
             which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
             information; and

      (b)    Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
             Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

22 May 2026                                                             /s/ Pilar López
Date                                                                    Pilar López
                                                                        Group Chief Financial Officer
                                                                                                                                  Exhibit 13

                                                    RULE 13a-14(b) CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officer of Vodafone Group Plc, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (the “Company”),
hereby certifies, to such officer’s knowledge, that:
The Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2026 (the “Report”) of the Company fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

22 May 2026                                                                /s/ Margherita Della Valle
Date                                                                       Margherita Della Valle
                                                                           Group Chief Executive

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of
section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.
                                                                                                                                  Exhibit 13

                                                    RULE 13a-14(b) CERTIFICATION

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States
Code), the undersigned officer of Vodafone Group Plc, a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales (the “Company”),
hereby certifies, to such officer’s knowledge, that:
The Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 March 2026 (the “Report”) of the Company fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

22 May 2026                                                                /s/ Pilar López
Date                                                                       Pilar López
                                                                           Group Chief Financial Officer

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of
section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code) and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document.
                                                                                                                 Exhibit 15.1
                                  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:

    1)   Registration Statement (Form F-3 No. 333-273441) of Vodafone Group Plc;

     2)    Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-81825) of Vodafone Group Plc; and

     3)    Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-149634) of Vodafone Group Plc, pertaining to the Vodafone Global
           Incentive Plan 2014;

of our reports dated 19 May 2026, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Vodafone Group Plc and the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Vodafone Group Plc included in this Annual Report (Form 20-F) of
Vodafone Group Plc for the year ended 31 March 2026.



/s/ Ernst & Young LLP

London, United Kingdom

19 May 2026
                                                                                             Exhibit 99.1

20-F wording

JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (270 Park Avenue, Floor 8, New York, New York 10017) serves as the
depositary bank for Vodafone’s ADR Program.

Fees payable by ADR Holders

Under the Deposit Agreement dated as of February 15, 2022, among Vodafone Group Plc, JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., and all holders and beneficial owners from time to time of American Depositary
Receipts (‘ADRs’), an ADR holder had to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank. This fee
schedule remained unchanged throughout the financial year ended 31 March 2026.

  Persons depositing or withdrawing shares             For:
  must pay:
  $5.00 (or less) per 100 ADRs (or portion of 100      · Issuance of ADRs, including issuances resulting
  ADRs)                                                from a distribution of shares or rights or other
                                                       property, and distributions of ADRs pursuant to
                                                       stock dividends or other free distributions
                                                       · Surrender of ADRs for withdrawal of deposited
                                                       securities or ADR cancellation or reduction,
                                                       including if the deposit agreement terminates
  $5.00 (or less) per 100 ADRs (or portion thereof).   · Any cash distribution to registered ADR holders
  The current per ADR fee to be charged for an
  interim dividend is $0.0175 per ADR and for a final
  dividend is $0.0175 per ADR.
  $ 5.00 (or less) per 100 ADRs (or portion thereof)   · An annual fee for the operation and
                                                       maintenance of administering the ADRs. This fee
                                                       is not currently charged.
  A fee equivalent to the fee that would be payable if · Any distribution of securities to registered ADR
  securities distributed to you had been shares and    holders
  the shares had been deposited for issuance of
  ADRs
  Registration or transfer fees                        · Transfer and registration of shares on our share
                                                       register to or from the name of the depositary or
                                                       its agent when you deposit or withdraw shares
  Expenses of the depositary                           · Cable, telex, facsimile transmissions and
                                                       delivery expenses (when expressly provided in
                                                       the deposit agreement)
                                                       · Converting foreign currency to US dollars
  Taxes and other governmental charges that the        · As necessary
  depositary or the custodian must pay on any ADR
  or share underlying an ADR, for example, stock
  transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes,
  exchange control regulations or other applicable
  regulatory requirements.

C2 General                                                                                    Page 1 of 2
    Any charges incurred by the depositary or its        · As necessary
    agents for servicing shares, deposited securities or
    ADRs, selling securities, or delivering deposited
    securities, or otherwise in connection with
    compliance with applicable law, rule or regulation


Fees Payable by the Depositary to the Issuer

As set out above, pursuant to the deposit agreement, the depositary may charge up to $0.05 per ADR in
respect of each dividend paid by us. We have agreed with the depositary that any dividend fee collected
by it is paid to us, net of any dividend collection fee charged by it. For FY26, we agreed with the
depositary that it will charge $0.0175 per ADR in respect of any interim dividend and $0.0175 per ADR in
respect of any final dividend paid during that year.

During FY26, we received approximately $13.5 million from J.P. Morgan Chase Bank N.A. in respect of
dividends and issuance and cancellation of ADRs during the year.

C2 General                                                                                   Page 2 of 2
