中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code: 3931



We have committed to the development, innovation and
technological leadership in the new energy field,
continued to build the healthy ecosystem of the new
energy industry, and effectively fulfilled our
responsibilities of energy security and sustainable
development for human beings.




                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                       2
CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT                                      4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                          6
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT    22
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                          61
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                               82
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS                   89
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND               90
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION               91
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                93
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                       95
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             97
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                         200
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY                                  201
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Executive Directors                                      Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA )
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and president)
    Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             AUDITOR
    Non-executive Directors                                  RSM Hong Kong
                                                             29/F, Lee Garden Two
    Mr. Zhou Sheng
                                                             28 Yun Ping Road
    Mr. Zhang Guoqing
                                                             Causeway Bay
    Mr. Li Yunxiang
                                                             Hong Kong

    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
                                                             No. 1
    Mr. Wang Susheng
                                                             Jiangdong Avenue
    Mr. Chen Zetong
                                                             Jintan District
                                                             Changzhou City
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             Jiangsu Province
    Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman )                             PRC
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE IN
                                                             THE PRC
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                             No. 1
    Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman )                             Jiangdong Avenue
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           Jintan District
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          Changzhou City
                                                             Jiangsu Province
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     PRC

    Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman )
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                                         HONG KONG
                                                             40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai

    Mr. Dai Ying                                             Hong Kong

    Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA )
                                                             H SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                             Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                             16 Harcourt Road
                                                             Hong Kong




2   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Corporate Information




COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 2602, 26/F
Golden Centre
188 Des Voeux Road Central
Sheung Wan
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS
China Construction Bank Corporation
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.


STOCK CODE
3931


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.calb-tech.com




                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   3
    Chairwoman’s Statement




                 Dear shareholders:

                 On behalf of the board of directors of CALB
                 Group Co., Ltd., I hereby present to the
                 shareholders the annual report of the Group
                 for the year ended 31 December 2023.




    Innovative development in 2023
    In 2023, we adhered to the continuous technological innovation as our driving force, created top-notch technologies and
    products, continuously boost our core competitiveness, met the needs of users with ultimate performance, and created
    market demand. On the basis of continuously deepening the cooperation with existing strategic customers, we continued to
    attract new customers and achieved the rapid growth of the number of new customers to better serve the market and help
    customers to succeed!

    In 2023, we continued to grow at a rapid pace. Our installed capacity of EV batteries firmly ranked top 3 in China, and the
    installed capacity for a single month entered the global top 4. We supported the debut of all models of strategic customers,
    making new breakthroughs on the international market. Our energy storage business grew exponentially and achieved batch
    deliveries to a number of strategic customers. New growth was achieved in the fields of marine, construction machinery,
    rail transportation and formed a demonstration effect. As a national strategic emerging industry, low-altitude economy is
    a new growth motivation for future industrial development. The high-nickel/silica battery for low-altitude mobility ensures
    high power and high fast charging capacity while achieving a leapfrog lift in lightweight and safety performance.

    We have always adhered to the strategy of leading products and technologies, successfully released the 6C supercharged
    large-cylinder battery, launched the first-of-its-kind 314Ah energy storage battery and achieved its mass-production and
    deliveries. The energy density of the battery cells of ultra-high energy density semi-solid battery exceeds 400Wh/kg and
    the cycle life is close to 1,000 times. At the same time, we achieved continuous progress of battery technology from
    advanced materials, high-performance battery technology, new battery technology and advanced manufacturing, leading
    the development of the industry to a new height and continuing to contribute to the healthy ecology of the industry! With
    hard-core product capabilities and excellent service, the Company has won the Excellent Supplier Award of GAC AION, the
    New Energy Contribution Award and the Excellent Supplier Award of Changan Auto, and the Excellent Supplier Award and
    Gold Award for Quality of Xiaopeng Motors for consecutive years.




4   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                       Chairwoman’s Statement




In 2023, we received a number of honors including the “intelligent manufacturing demonstration plant by the MIIT”,
“national enterprise technology center”, “national green factory” and the “top 500 manufacturing enterprises in China”.
At the same time, as the chairman member of the “power and energy storage battery industry innovation alliance of
Jiangsu province” (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟), we pioneered to build a dynamic industry ecosystem through
collaborative innovation of the industry chain and made positive contributions to the rapid and high-quality development of
the new energy industry.

In 2023, we continued to carry out carbon management in an efficient manner, set carbon emission reduction targets, and
strove to promote collaborative carbon reduction across the entire supply chain while building our own long-term energy
saving and emission reduction mechanism; we proactively identified and actively responded to the risks and opportunities
brought about by climate change, and formulated specific measures to address climate risks.


In 2024: Move on for more
After years of innovative development, we have marched into new levels in all aspects including product capabilities and
technical strength, market position, production capacity and brand influence. In 2024, we will think in a different way,
behave energetically and seize every minute to move forward. We will join hands with our partners to continue our efforts
for innovation, cost reduction and efficiency enhancement, so as to create greater value.


We will continue to create hardcore products driven by technological innovation and seek optimal organizational
efficiency; staying customer-oriented, fueled by research and development and guaranteed by efficiency, we will focus
on the “efficiency + closed loop” and continue to maximize the input/output ratio and overall value, striving to become
an exceptional company serving outstanding enterprises across the world and leading the industry’s development in
technology, management, value chain and other aspects.


In 2024, with our strategic consideration of “face the future with innovation and leading technologies”, we will continue
our dedication to the exploration, innovation and technology leadership in the new energy sector, continue to shape a
healthy ecosystem for the new energy sector, make our best efforts to help achieve the “Dual Carbon” goal and the new
energy vehicle strategy and substantially perform our responsibilities for energy security and sustainable development.


Appreciation
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders and investors, customers, partners and friends from all walks
of life for their trust, help, support and companionship to CALB, which gives us confidence, courage and responsibility to
go faster, steadfastly and beyond! I am full of expectation and have absolute confidence in the future of CALB!




                                                                                                                Chairwoman
                                                                                                                  Liu Jingyu


                                                                                         Changzhou, the PRC, 30 April 2024




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       5
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    I.     The Industry which the Company Operates in
           On 13 December 2023, the 28th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on
           Climate Change (COP28) was concluded in Dubai, UAE. The “UAE Consensus” was reached on a number of issues
           of the Paris Agreement, such as the Global Stocktake, mitigation, adaptation, funding, loss and damage, just
           transformation, which has a momentous significance, marking that the vast majority of countries around the world
           have agreed to take the new energy transformation as one of the important directions for all mankind to cope
           with climate change and achieve sustainable development. In order to respond to climate challenges and achieve
           sustainable development, it is particularly important for human beings to achieve new energy transformation in
           areas with large carbon emissions such as mobility and electricity.


           1.     EV battery market
                  Under the goal of achieving carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, new energy vehicles have become the
                  key to achieve this goal, with a rising market penetration. With the continuous improvement in the driving
                  range and safety of new energy vehicles, the global automobile industry is undergoing an important stage of
                  transformation and upgrading. Apart from improving driving range and safety performance, the development
                  of new energy vehicles will also focus on fast charging, intellectualization, etc. with an aim to enhance user
                  experience, thereby achieving a driving experience beyond traditional fuel vehicles. Countries around the
                  world have successively introduced various supporting policies from research and development support to
                  infrastructure construction, which have driven the high-quality development of new energy vehicles around
                  the world. As a core product in the upstream of the new energy vehicle industry chain, EV batteries have also
                  entered a stage of high-quality development.


                  According to SNE Research, the sales volume of new energy vehicles worldwide reached 14.056 million
                  units in 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 33.4%. Driven by the swift growth of the new energy
                  vehicle industry, the demand for EV batteries has experienced a rapid upsurge. According to SNE Research,
                  the global installed capacity of EV batteries for new energy vehicles reached 705.5GWh in 2023, representing
                  a year-on-year increase of 38.6%. The EV battery market continued to see good momentum in business
                  development.


                  China has been committed to promoting the development of the new energy vehicle industry to further
                  push forward the realization of green development goals. The new energy vehicles continued to grow rapidly
                  in 2023 and entered a period of comprehensive market expansion. According to the China Association of
                  Automobile Manufacturers, the sales volume of new energy vehicles in China reached 9.495 million units in
                  2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 37.9%, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles was
                  31.6%, representing an increase of 5.9 percentage points over the previous year. According to the statistics
                  of China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance, the installed capacity of China’s domestic EV batteries in
                  2023 was 387.7GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.6%.




6   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




     In the European market, several incentive policies such as carbon emission regulations, new energy vehicle
     purchase subsidies, tax reduction and exemption, and infrastructure construction have driven the sales
     volume of new energy vehicles in Europe into a rapid growth track. In the United States market, the Inflation
     Reduction Act (IRA) subsidies have stimulated the accelerated release of demand for new energy vehicles in
     the United States.


     Next, the high-quality development of the EV battery market will greatly enhance the users’ experience of
     driving a new energy vehicle and become a substantial driving force to further increase the penetration of
     new energy vehicles.


2.   Energy storage market
     Under the background of achieving “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” goal, the demand for wind
     power and photovoltaic power and the introduction of policies in various countries have promoted the rapid
     development of the energy storage industry. According to the statistics of GGII, the global energy storage
     battery shipments reached 225GWh in 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 50%. China, the United
     States and Europe are the three largest energy storage markets in the world.


     In the Chinese market, the annual growth rate of new energy storage installed capacity in 2023 reached
     a record high in the course of the large-scale development, and the new energy storage installed capacity
     target set in the National 14th Five-Year Plan has been completed ahead of schedule. Compulsory energy
     allocation and storage policies have been successively introduced in all provinces, with a clarification of the
     proportion and duration of photovoltaic and wind power installed capacity. Independent energy storage
     projects were rapidly advancing, and the scale of front-of-the-meter applications continued to grow
     significantly. In addition, there have been more and more applications for the user-side field. With the
     continuous promotion of power market-oriented reform, the constant improvement of time-of-use electricity
     rate policy, and the widening of peak-valley electricity price gap, industrial and commercial energy storage
     has already boasted significant economy in most provinces. With the improvement of technology, the
     application scenarios in the user-side field are expected to expand from industrial and commercial energy
     storage scenarios to new scenarios such as big data, 5G base stations, optical storage and charging, and
     virtual power plants.


     According to the statistics of GGII, China’s energy storage battery shipments reached 206GWh in 2023,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 58%. The global share of shipments by domestic companies increased
     from 86.7% in 2022 to 91.6% in 2023.


     In the European market, many countries have included energy storage into energy planning and introduced
     relevant subsidy policies. In addition, the European Parliament passed the electricity market reform in July
     2023. The European FTM (front-of-the-meter) storage market is expected to usher in the growth of demand.


     In the U.S. market, the U.S. energy storage profit model is mature in the medium and long term. After
     the introduction of IRA, the U.S. launched a more powerful ITC energy storage tax rebate policy. The
     combination thereof with local policies significantly reduced the investment cost of energy storage, which is
     beneficial to support the sustainable development of the U.S. energy storage market.



                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    II.    Business review
           As a leading international new energy technology enterprise, the Group is committed to becoming an energy value
           creator. Adhering to the mission of “beyond commerce, bettering mankind” and the vision of “mutually beneficial,
           achieving greatness”, the Group will continue to shape a healthy ecology of the new energy industry by pioneering
           innovation and technology leadership, and do its utmost to achieve the “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality”
           goal and the new energy vehicle strategy, and fulfill its responsibilities for human energy security and sustainable
           development.


           Adhering to technological innovation and maintaining the leading product power, the Group has proposed the core
           concept of innovation and development of “the ultimate balance of energy and resources, the ultimate balance of
           energy and safety, and the high integration of design and manufacturing”. Guided by the R&D direction featuring
           high voltage, high manganese, cobalt-free and solid-state, the Group established a set of industry-leading and
           efficient R&D system, which has demonstrated its efficient, systematic and strong underlying technology innovation
           capabilities. With the continuous progress of battery technology promoted from multiple dimensions such as
           innovations in materials, structures, manufacturing as well as systems, whereby the Group possesses a number of
           leading technologies and products worldwide, and builds on hard-core product capabilities in all scenarios, thus
           bringing the development of the industry to a new height.


           In 2023, the Group made full efforts in all fields to achieve sustained and rapid development.


           •      The installed capacity of EV batteries firmly ranked in the top 3 in China. The installed capacity for a single
                  month entered the top 4 in the world. The Group supported the debut of all models of key customers and
                  made new breakthroughs in the international market;


           •      The Group accomplished the energy storage business to grew multifold and delivery in batches to a number
                  of strategic customers;


           •      The Group achieved a new growth in terms of marine products, construction machinery, rail transportation
                  and other fields and formed a demonstration effect. More than 1,000 ships worldwide have been equipped
                  with the Group’s products. COSCO SHIPPING’s 700TEU pure electric container ship along the Yangtze River
                  was put into operation in Yangzhou. As a trial product of the first batch of green zero-carbon intelligent
                  electric ship in China, the ship uses an innovative battery swapping model to ensure a voyage exclusively
                  driven by electricity along the Yangtze River;


           •      As a national strategic emerging industry, low-altitude economy is a new growth motivation for future
                  industrial development. The Group’s high-nickel/silica battery for low-altitude mobility ensures high power
                  and high fast charging capacity while achieving a leapfrog lift in lightweight and safety performance.


           At the same time, the Group has excited a series of key technological breakthroughs in technology and product
           research and development, for example, it released the 6C super-charged large cylinder battery, took the lead in
           launching the 314Ah energy storage battery with a high energy efficiency and ultralong life and achieved mass
           production and delivery, leading the innovation and upgrading of the industry and continuing to contribute to the
           healthy ecology of the industry.



8   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




1.   Further breakthrough in technology
     Adhering to the technology innovation as the driving force, the Group created top-notch technologies
     and products through continuous innovation to achieve its breakthrough in technological development,
     continuously boosting the core competitiveness of the Group.


     (1)    In terms of advanced materials, focusing on key materials including high-manganese iron lithium
            materials, 5V high-voltage lithium nickel-manganate materials, new silicon carbon materials and new
            electrolyte functional additives, the Group completed a series of key technological breakthroughs;


     (2)    In terms of high-performance battery technology, the Group completed the development of 4C
            super-charged LFP technology and products as well as 6C super-charged high nickel cylinder
            technology and product, which are characterized by both high-energy and ultra-fast charging;
            completed the development of 314Ah energy storage battery technology and product with high
            energy efficiency and ultra-long life, leading the innovation and upgrading of the industry;


     (3)    In terms of new battery technology, the Group continued to make breakthroughs in high energy and
            high safety, and completed technological research on 400Wh/kg high specific energy and high safety
            mixed solid-liquid battery, leading the industry in core indicators such as thermal safety and calendar
            life; and


     (4)    In terms of advanced manufacturing, 1) in terms of efficient extreme manufacturing of electrodes,
            the Group achieved the mass production and application of the industry-leading 4.5um ultra-thin and
            ultra-wide copper foil, greatly improving electrode manufacturing efficiency and product technology
            competitiveness. In order to achieve high-energy fast charging products, the Group, through negative
            double-layer coating gradient design, improved fast charging capabilities to facilitate the realization
            of 4C product manufacturing; 2) in terms of the development of green and low-carbon technologies,
            the Group adopted industry-leading energy-saving technologies to achieve a 40% improvement in
            manufacturing efficiency and a reduction of more than 30% in manufacturing energy consumption;
            3) by adopting advanced manufacturing technologies such as high-speed cell manufacturing with
            a composite method and minimal welding and packaging technology, the Group achieved process
            simplification and further improvement in manufacturing efficiency; and 4) the Group developed
            a new welding technology for direct connection of the tabs. By simplifying the design, the space
            utilization in the Z-direction (the height of the tabs) of the product was significantly increased.


     The Group followed the high-quality intellectual property rights development strategy which was deeply
     integrated with the strategy of “consolidating its leadership in product and technology”, focused on the
     high-quality patent portfolio to constantly forge an innovative brand power. It has established a patent
     portfolio in the entire battery industry chain covering battery materials, battery structure, system integration,
     electrical circuits, BMS, manufacturing process equipment and battery recycling. As of 31 December 2023,
     the Group had 3,060 issued patents and 1,111 patents which have been applied for approval.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023      9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            2.     Regaining a leading position in terms of products
                   Putting together its own technical capabilities and industrialization strength, the Group constantly pursued
                   the high energy density and stable safety performance of EV batteries, launching more competitive new
                   products of ternary series and phosphate series. The Group continued to maintain its product leadership
                   by devoting its efforts in power storage (new energy power generation and power grid), industrial and
                   commercial energy storage, household energy storage and other application scenarios.


                   Products for passenger vehicle market
                  (1)       Ternary EV batteries

                            1)     400V 2C medium-nickel high-voltage battery: can attain 20%-80% charging within 18
                                   minutes, for which the Group has achieved the delivery in batches in the mid-to-high-end pure
                                   electric BEV/REEV market;


                            2)     800V 3C/4C medium-nickel high-voltage battery: can attain 20%-80% charging within 10
                                   minutes, for which the Group has achieved large-scale delivery;


                            3)     6C high-nickel R46 large cylinder battery: the maximum fast charging capacity of “Top-tier”
                                   high-nickel R46 large cylinder product exceeds 6C while the energy density of the battery cells
                                   is as high as 300Wh/kg;


                            4)     High-energy and high-nickel multi-element battery: through innovative technologies such
                                   as multi-doped cathode, self-buffered silicon carbon anode, high-safety electrolyte and
                                   self-healing interface, the cycle life exceeds 1,500 times on the basis of the energy density of
                                   the battery cells as high as 350Wh/kg. At the same time, through the extreme needle puncture
                                   test, the safety of high-energy batteries is guaranteed to the greatest extent, achieving new
                                   breakthroughs in safety and life; and


                            5)     Ultra-high energy density semi-solid battery: focusing on the intrinsic safety requirements of
                                   ultra-high energy batteries, through the combination of the advantages of new liquid safety
                                   electrolyte and solid-state safety technology, the cycle life is close to 1,000 times while the
                                   energy density of the battery cells exceeds 400Wh/kg, achieving the ultimate balance of
                                   energy, performance and safety.


                  (2)       Phosphate series EV batteries

                            1)     the high-power LFP prismatic battery: featuring high power and all-climate scenario
                                   application, which is the high-quality product developed for the hybrid passenger vehicle
                                   market, with mileage coverage ranging 80km-400km. It has been delivered in batches;


                            2)     the high-power LFP R46 large cylinder battery: “Top-tier” iron lithium R46 large cylinder
                                   product is a new generation product developed for the hybrid market, with leading advantages
                                   such as minimizing cost and maximizing performance. It will be delivered in batches soon;




10   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




       3)     the high specific energy LFP battery: L300 series prismatic battery cell adopts all tab laminated
              technology. The battery cell is thinner and lighter, with better volumetric efficiency and
              assembly efficiency, leading the third-generation benchmark in the industry. It has been
              delivered in batches;


       4)     800V 3C fast-charging LFP battery: the fast-charging LFP product firstly launched in the
              industry, featuring high specific energy, high rate and fast charging, has been highly
              recognized in pure electric market of mid-to-high-end passenger vehicle. It has been delivered
              in batches; and


       5)     800V 5C super-charged LFP battery: can achieve 20%-80% charging within 9 minutes. It will
              be delivered in batches soon.


Products for commercial vehicle market
The capacity of battery cell products covers 125Ah-314Ah, of which the products for commercial minivan
and light truck segments can achieve 20%-80% charging within 30 minutes and have been delivered in
batches; products for the heavy truck and passenger vehicle segments can achieve long-term cycle life to
meet customers’ long-term quality assurance needs and have been delivered in batches. The 314Ah battery
cell, with a high energy efficiency and long life, features a combination of energy storage and application
to commercial vehicle. It adopts breakthrough lithium replenishment technology and increases a cycle life
to 7,000 times in the commercial vehicle field. The PACK system products designed in light of the platform-
based concept can meet the customers’ demands for different space and battery capacity.


Products for energy storage market
(1)    For power energy storage application scenario: the 314Ah battery cell products are the first in the
       industry to pass certification and the first to achieve large-scale and stable delivery in batches. They
       have successfully achieved market success and gained strategic customers’ high recognition of
       products and delivery capabilities. The “second-generation liquid-cooled container energy storage
       system” developed based on the new generation of energy storage battery cells, which features a
       combination of high safety, high reliability, high energy efficiency, low power consumption, long
       life and high energy density, achieves a discharge capacity of 5MWh or above and an energy density
       of more than 360kWh/m2 for a standard 20ft energy storage container through innovative system
       design, being at the leading edge of the industry. In terms of system integration, the number of
       system integrated components can be simplified by more than 40%; the integrated power per unit
       area can be increased by more than 35%; the auxiliary power consumption can be reduced by more
       than 20% and an ultra-long life of 15 years can be realised, helping customers achieve a significant
       reduction in initial investment cost and levelized cost of energy during the life cycle and greatly
       increase the overall revenue of power stations;


(2)    For industrial and commercial energy storage application scenario: the standardized outdoor
       integrated cabinet products have the advantages of modular design, active safety system, intelligent
       power distribution system, safety and reliability, and economic efficiency, supporting arbitrage of
       peak-valley electricity price gap to maximize the commercial benefits; and


                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (3)      For household energy storage application scenario: the long-life prismatic battery and intelligent
                            management system that possess multiple protection mechanisms such as over-charge, over-discharge,
                            over-temperature, over-current, and short circuit, successively pass a series of overseas certifications
                            such as UL/IEC/CE, and the product performance, cost and safety performance are widely recognized
                            by customers.


            3.     Business achievements
                   During the Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB105,429 million, representing
                   a year-on-year increase of 16.5%, and the net assets amounted to RMB46,386 million, representing a year-
                   on-year increase of 11.6%. The Group achieved a revenue of approximately RMB27,006 million, representing
                   a year-on-year increase of 32.5%, which was mainly attributable to the release of the Group’s production
                   capacity, the continuous enrichment of product lines, the continuous increase in the stickiness of cooperation
                   with core customers in the EV battery market, the further diversification of supporting customers and
                   strategic cooperation with leading customers in each segment of the energy storage system as well as the
                   rapid growth in sales.


                   Passenger vehicle market: the total number of supporting new energy vehicles exceeded 1.4 million units,
                   among which:


                   (1)      in the field of pure electric vehicle: except for the economy passenger vehicle market, a significant
                            growth in the installed capacity in mid-to-high-end passenger market has been achieved, delivering
                            fast-charging products to all models of XPeng and NIO and mass-producing and delivering such
                            products to new global models of Volvo. In terms of new customer development, while adding
                            new models from customers such as SAIC and BAIC, the Group cooperated with many international
                            customers to conduct technology development of high-energy fast-charging products and was highly
                            recognized by the customers; and


                   (2)      in the hybrid field: the Group’s market share in the hybrid market increased rapidly, and the installed
                            capacity increased by four times year-on-year. By leveraging on its high-power hybrid product
                            system with a complete range of products and leading performance, the Group realized designated
                            cooperation with automakers including Changan, Geely, Leapmotor, Chery and Dongfeng for their
                            new hybrid models, laying a solid foundation for the subsequent increase of its hybrid market share in
                            the future.


                   In the commercial vehicle market: the Group has covered all mainstream products in the market, and
                   completed the comprehensive support for all models of minivans, micro trucks, small trucks, light trucks,
                   heavy trucks, special vehicles, and passenger vehicles and delivery in batches.


                   (1)      In the field of light commercial vehicles, it has achieved in-depth cooperation with customers such
                            as Geely, Ruichi, Chery, BAIC, Dongfeng and Changan, providing comprehensive support for the
                            industry’s mainstream models and delivery in batches;




12   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




              (2)    In the field of heavy trucks and special vehicles, the Group has cooperated with customers including
                     Sany Group, XCMG, Shaanxi Automobile and TRI-RING (三環汽車) in terms of dump trucks, mixer
                     trucks, tractors, loaders and excavators, etc; and


              (3)    In terms of international market, its delivery volume of commercial vehicles also doubled and it
                     constantly gained new designations of several bus projects in Europe, Australia and Asia and has
                     completed relevant deliveries.


              In the energy storage market: the business results increased multifold.


              (1)    The Group established direct cooperation with power groups such as the “Five Leading and Six
                     Major”, and achieved strategic cooperation with SPIC, CNNP Rich Energy, China Energy Construction,
                     China Three Gorges Renewables, China Electrical Equipment Group, etc. A number of energy
                     storage power station projects adopted the Company’s products and realized the operation and grid
                     connection;


              (2)    The Group entered into strategic cooperation agreements with leading customers in various fields
                     such as system integrators, wind power and photovoltaic enterprises to establish a long-term and
                     stable supply relationship, with its market share and ranking further improving. The Group completed
                     product recognition and cooperation with the top 30 system integrators in terms of shipments, and
                     provided delivery in batches to over 20 of them, becoming a core supplier and partner of the leading
                     enterprises in the industry and was highly recognized by the customers;


              (3)    The Group achieved a breakthrough in the energy storage power station business, completed the
                     establishment of a complete business system, and won the bidding for two independent energy
                     storage power station projects for the first time; and


              (4)    While continuing to maintain the influence in the power storage market segment, the Group
                     completed its market layout in the industrial and commercial energy storage, household energy
                     storage market segment through the launch of full-scenario standardized energy storage products and
                     solutions, which laid a solid foundation for the follow-up rapid growth in the energy storage market.


III.   Future Prospects
       Steering rapid development by innovation, the Group adheres unwaveringly to the strategy of consolidating its
       leadership in products and technologies. Propelled by a future-oriented R&D plan, the Group pushes forward the
       constant advancement of battery technology from multiple dimensions such as innovations in materials, structures,
       manufacturing as well as systems, whereby the Group possesses a number of leading technologies and products
       worldwide, and builds on hard-core product capabilities in all scenarios, thus bringing the development of the
       industry to a new height. Revolving around the business strategy of “dual-driven force of power and energy
       storage” and regional strategy of “paradigm featuring dual circulation (國內國際雙循環)”, the Group is dedicated
       to serving the high-quality development of new energy with its leading technology and product capabilities and
       insisting on taking the needs of end users and customers and social sustainable development as the fundamental
       pursuit of technological development. Focusing on solving pain points in the industry, the Group is committed to
       providing users with products featuring high safety, high reliability, high performance and cost effectiveness.

                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            1.     Innovation in technologies and products
                   The Group is committed to continuing its technological innovation and maintaining its leadership in advanced
                   materials, advanced manufacturing technologies, high performance battery and system technologies, new
                   batteries, and battery full life cycle management, etc. to ensure the competitive advantage of its products in
                   the application field.


                   (1)      In terms of materials, the Group will seek to make breakthroughs in key chemical materials such as
                            5V high-voltage lithium nickel-manganate materials, all-solid-state sulfide electrolyte materials and
                            new silicon carbon materials;


                   (2)      In terms of advanced manufacturing technologies, the Group achieved new breakthroughs in the
                            high-efficiency and low-cost manufacturing technology of cylinder batteries by combining the
                            structural innovation of batteries and the highly integrated manufacturing process, focused on
                            the upgrading of key core technologies such as artificial intelligence technology, digital simulation
                            technology and machine vision inspection technology, and realized intelligent closed-loop control of
                            manufacturing process and high reliable capability of delivery in batches;


                   (3)      In terms of high-performance battery and system technology, the Group continuously enhanced its
                            comprehensive leading advantage in the fields of high specific energy, long battery life, high safety,
                            high power and all-climate technology, achieved the industrialization of the products including
                            high-manganese iron lithium battery, high-specific-energy 5C ultra-fast charging LFP battery and
                            400Wh/kg mixed solid-liquid battery, and further expanded their application to new scenarios. The
                            Group made further breakthroughs in key technologies of energy storage cells for a higher efficiency
                            and longer life, maintaining its energy storage products outperform peers all the time;


                   (4)      In terms of new batteries, the Group will focus on the research of key technologies such as 5V high-
                            voltage lithium nickel-manganate, 450wh/kg mixed solid-liquid and all-solid-state batteries to maintain
                            its leading advantages; and


                   (5)      In terms of battery full life cycle management, the Group will develop the intelligent battery
                            diagnostic technology to identify potential risks, and develop the reliability design and analysis
                            technology to keep improving the battery’s full life cycle reliability; and develop the intelligent battery
                            management technology to extend the battery life and guarantee its healthy operation, so as to
                            maximise the battery’s value throughout its life cycle.


            2.     Market and customer development
                   The Group aims to maintain its product leadership and competitive advantage based on continuous
                   technological innovation.


                   With its strategic goal of global leadership, the Group will pool its efforts and resources to provide
                   comprehensive product solutions and life-cycle management for the new energy full-scenario application
                   market represented by EV batteries and ESS products.




14   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




     In terms of passenger vehicle market, the Group optimized strategic layout based on its differentiation
     strategy for the segments, built a three-dimensional market system, and expanded into the international
     market while continuing to tap the domestic market deeply. For the domestic market, in the field of BEV and
     HEV, the Group will deepen its layout and continue to develop new customers, and enhance cooperation
     with existing customers in respect of new platforms and new projects, so as to increase the market share
     and hit another record penetration rate. In the international market, besides the significant increase in the
     supply volume of our products to existing international brand customers and the increasing support to new
     international brand customers, the Group will work alongside key domestic customers in terms of the global
     expansion planning so as to support the sustained rapid growth of China’s new energy vehicle exports.


     In terms of the commercial market, the Group will further deepen the overall layout and continue to tap
     deep into the segments including light commercial vehicle, new energy heavy truck, passenger vehicle and
     engineering machinery; deepen the cooperation with leading players in the commercial vehicle industry.
     The Group will vigorously expand into emerging markets including ship, rail transit and mining and provide
     various product solutions with high-safety, high-reliability and high-performance. The Group will strive to
     get highly recognized by the customers with our leading technology, outstanding quality and extraordinary
     service and will join hands with strategic customers to carry out the forward product development and create
     full-scenario applications, so as to lead the new energy development of the commercial industry.


     In terms of energy storage market, the Group will maintain its focus on the new energy power generation
     side, grid side, customer side and other segments, and build deeper, long-term strategic cooperation with
     five leading government-run power enterprises, six major power industry player (the “Five Leading and Six
     Major”), system integrators, and leading enterprises in wind power, photovoltaic and other segments, so as
     to ensure that the shipments of energy storage products will grow multifold again. The Group will tap deeper
     into the business chain of new energy power stations and further leverage its advantages in performance,
     service and cost to build its brand advantage among the “Five Leading and Six Major” and turn it into
     business increments. In addition, the Group will accurately match the market expansion process and product
     needs of system integrators, so as to further increase our share in the leading system integrator customers
     and double our deliveries to them. On the basis of our established power station business capabilities, we will
     participate in the competitive distribution business of independent power stations to increase our shipments
     of energy storage products through the power station business. In terms of industrial and commercial energy
     storage, we will explore diversified business models to achieve a rapid growth in shipments.


3.   Internationalization
     With its strategic goal of internationalization, the Group will continue to accelerate its strategic
     internationalization process from multiple aspects including production capacity, market and supply chain.


     In terms of production capacity, the Group achieved high-quality promotion of the industrial layout in
     Europe, which was included in the Portugal National Interest Project (PIN). The plant design, land and other
     ancillary resources were implemented as planned, and the approval document of environmental impact
     assessment was issued in Portugal, thus laying a good foundation for full-scale construction. The Group will
     continue to control efficiency and cost in various aspects with industry-leading speed and quality, so as to
     accelerate the mass production and ensure on-time delivery to international customers. At the same time, the
     Group will build industrial presence in ASEAN Region based on the market demand, and meet the needs of
     international customers through multiple channels and multiple models.


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   In terms of market, the Group possesses the supporting capacity for global delivery of EV batteries and
                   will further co-operate with the world’s leading and outstanding enterprises. Leveraging on the new
                   overseas platform, the Group will be capable of enhancing its overseas integrated service capability, market
                   competitiveness and international reputation, and exerting its advantages of technology and production
                   capacity over its influence on the global market.


                   In terms of supply chain, the Group works closely with its existing partners to make innovation, improve
                   efficiency and reduce costs, and continue to develop global co-operation; the Group also closely connects
                   with the local industrial chains in the regions where its global partners are located to expand industrial
                   synergies, and contribute to the development of the regional economy.


                   Adhering to the innovation-driven development strategy in 2024, the Group will firmly grasp the high-quality
                   development, develop new quality productive force based on local demands, devote itself to pioneering
                   innovation and technological leadership in the field of new energy, continue to shape a healthy ecosystem
                   for the new energy industry, maximizing its commitment to the realization of the “carbon peaking and
                   carbon neutrality” goal and the strategy for new energy vehicle, fulfil its responsibility to energy security and
                   sustainability, and make the greatest contribution to the creation of a harmonious coexistence, an ecosystem
                   with green and sustainable energy, and a better future for mankind!


     IV.    FINANCIAL REVIEW
            Overview
            During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group increased from RMB20,374.94 million for the year ended
            31 December 2022 to RMB27,005.89 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of
            32.5%; the gross profit of the Group increased from RMB2,103.52 million for the year ended 31 December 2022
            to RMB3,511.52 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 66.9%. The gross profit
            margin of the Group increased by 2.7 percentage points from 10.3% for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
            13.0% for the year ended 31 December 2023.


            Revenue structure
            During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the sales of EV batteries, ESS products and
            others. The revenue of the Group increased from RMB20,374.94 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to
            RMB27,005.89 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 32.5%. The increase was
            mainly due to the gradual release of the Group’s production capacity, continuously enriched product lines, market
            expansion and the increasing customer demands.




16   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




1)   Revenue by product

                                                                2023                            2022
                                                                       Percentage                      Percentage
      Items                                             Revenue        of revenue        Revenue       of revenue
                                                       (RMB’000)             (%)       (RMB’000)             (%)


      EV batteries                                   22,249,046              82.4     18,323,505             89.9
      ESS products and others                          4,756,839             17.6       2,051,437            10.1


      Total                                          27,005,885             100.0     20,374,942           100.0


     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of EV batteries of the Group increased by
     21.4% from RMB18,323.51 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB22,249.05 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2023. The growth was mainly attributable to the release of the Group’s production
     capacity, continuously enriched product lines, the increase in market and customers demand, increased
     stickiness of cooperation with core customers, the further diversification of supporting customers, as well as
     the sustained growth of the passenger vehicle and commercial vehicle businesses.


     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the ESS products and others of the Group increased
     by 131.9% from RMB2,051.44 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB4,756.84 million for the
     year ended 31 December 2023. The increase was mainly due to the fact that the Group continued to explore
     the markets including ESS segments at home and abroad and formed the strategic cooperation with leading
     customers in various ESS segments, which led to a rapid growth in sales.


2)   Revenue by geographical location of product delivery

                                                                2023                            2022
                                                                       Percentage                      Percentage
      Items                                             Revenue        of revenue        Revenue       of revenue
                                                       (RMB’000)             (%)       (RMB’000)             (%)


      Mainland China                                 26,353,028              97.6     19,988,435             98.1
      Overseas regions                                   652,857                2.4      386,507              1.9


      Total                                          27,005,885             100.0     20,374,942           100.0


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from Mainland China increased by 31.8% from
     RMB19,988.44 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB26,353.03 million for the year ended
     31 December 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to the continuous improvement and release of
     the Group’s production capacity and the continuous growth in the number of the Group’s customers from
     Mainland China and their demands for batteries.



                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from overseas regions increased by 68.9% from
                   RMB386.51 million for the year ended 31 December 2022 to RMB652.86 million for the year ended 31
                   December 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to the significant growth of the Group’s overseas
                   energy storage business.


            Financial position
            1)     Assets
                   The total assets of the Group increased from RMB90,460.62 million as at 31 December 2022 to
                   RMB105,429.03 million as at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 16.5%, among which,
                   non-current assets increased from RMB53,101.17 million as at 31 December 2022 to RMB73,318.01 million
                   as at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 38.1%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase
                   in property, plant and equipment as the Group continued to invest in the projects under construction in
                   existing production bases. Current assets decreased from RMB37,359.45 million as at 31 December 2022
                   to RMB32,111.02 million as at 31 December 2023, representing a decrease of 14.0%. Such decrease was
                   mainly due to the decrease in inventories as the Group’s operational efficiency improved.


            2)     Liabilities
                   The total liabilities of the Group increased from RMB48,885.16 million as at 31 December 2022 to
                   RMB59,043.24 million as at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 20.8%, among which, current
                   liabilities increased from RMB32,774.95 million as at 31 December 2022 to RMB36,821.46 million as
                   at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 12.3%. Such increase was mainly attributable to the
                   increase in short-term borrowings and bills discounted to meet the Group’s short-term capital needs for
                   business expansion. Non-current liabilities increased from RMB16,110.21 million as at 31 December 2022
                   to RMB22,221.78 million as at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of 37.9%. Such increase was
                   mainly due to the increase in syndicated borrowings for projects to meet the Group’s capital needs for
                   business expansion and continuous investment in key projects.


            Liquidity and financial resources
            The operating cash inflow of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to RMB2,900.17 million,
            representing an increase of 37.5% as compared with RMB2,109.05 million for the year ended 31 December 2022,
            which was mainly attributable to the increase in cash received from sales of goods and provision of services from
            operating activities as a result of the growth in market and customer demand, the continuous release of the Group’s
            production capacity and the increased business scale.


            The bank and cash balances (including pledged and restricted bank deposits) of the Group as at 31 December 2023
            were approximately RMB9,215.86 million (2022: RMB12,916.90 million).


            The total borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2023, including all bank loans, amounted to approximately
            RMB29,170.73 million (31 December 2022: RMB17,707.48 million). The repayment terms of the bank loans are due
            within one year of approximately RMB8,114.81 million and approximately RMB21,055.92 million after one year,
            respectively.




18   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis




The Group had sufficient liquidity to meet the requirements of its daily liquidity management and capital
expenditure, and to control internal operating cash flows.


Capital structure
The financial management department under the Group is responsible for its financial risk management, aiming
to ensure that the liquidity structure of the assets, liabilities and other commitments of the Group could meet its
funding needs on an ongoing basis.


The borrowings of the Group were mainly settled in Renminbi, while its cash and cash equivalents were mainly held
in Renminbi, Euro, U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars. The Group plans to maintain an appropriate portfolio of
equity and debt during the period to ensure an effective capital structure. As at 31 December 2023, the outstanding
loans of the Group were RMB-denominated loans with approximately 6.1% of these outstanding loans bearing
interest at fixed rates and the remainder at floating rates.


The Group monitored the capital structure by using the gearing ratio (i.e. net debt divided by equity), with its
policies to maintain financial stability and support the sustainable, healthy and rapid development of the Group’s
business. Net debt includes lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and is net of cash and cash
equivalents, with equity being total equity. The gearing ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2023 was 47.1% (31
December 2022: 17.7%). The increase in the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increased borrowings for project
construction. The Group maintained its financial stability amidst rapid business development.


Foreign exchange risk
The business operations of our Group are principally located in Mainland China and most of its transactions were
conducted in Renminbi. Except for certain bank balances which are denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Hong Kong
dollars and other foreign currencies, most of the assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi. During the
Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any material difficulties or impact on its operations or liquidity as
a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Group believes that the Group will have sufficient foreign
currencies to meet its foreign exchange needs and will take effective measures to prevent foreign exchange risks.


Capital expenditure
During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted
to RMB20,129.02 million (2022: RMB29,989.32 million) which were mainly used to expand production capacity,
including the construction of production facilities and the upgrade of existing machinery and equipment. The capital
expenditures of the Group were mainly funded by the Group’s own funds, bank borrowings, funds contributed by
local shareholders as well as cash inflow from the operating activities of the Group.


Capital commitment
During the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group were mainly related to the acquisition of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The total of capital expenditures contracted but not incurred
as at 31 December 2023 was RMB19,828.09 million (2022: RMB29,204.78 million).




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            Restricted assets
            As at 31 December 2023, the Group had restricted assets with a total carrying amount of RMB5,763.55 million
            for obtaining bank loans and other bank facilities. These assets include pledged and restricted bank deposits of
            RMB1,381.90 million, bills receivables of RMB295.71 million, property, plant and equipment of RMB3,346.17 million
            and right-of-use assets of RMB739.77 million.


            Significant investments held
            As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


            Future plans for significant investments and capital assets
            As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any plans for significant external investments and capital assets.


            Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
            During the Reporting Period, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and associates.


            Contingent liabilities
            (a)    The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables, discounted
                   certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and entered into factoring arrangement
                   to transfer trade receivables to a bank without recourse. These outstanding endorsed bank acceptance
                   bills, discounted bank acceptance bills and factored trade receivables are generally with maturities no more
                   than 12 months. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and
                   rewards relating to these instruments, the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were
                   discharged in accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of
                   these instruments is low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks or enterprises.
                   As a result, the relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated financial statements.
                   The maximum exposure to the Group that may result from the default of these endorsed, discounted and
                   factored instruments at 31 December are as follows:


                                                                                                     2023                   2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000


                    Endorsed or discounted bills                                                8,269,808             3,534,942
                    Factored trade receivables                                                  1,700,000                       –


                                                                                                9,969,808              3,534,942


            (b)    During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
                   property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
                   the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
                   China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd. (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司) (the “Luoyang Company”)
                   is also a joint defendant in the Claim related to Patent II.


20   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.


The Company received the respective first-instance judgements for the claims of Patent I, Patent III and
Patent IV delivered by Fuzhou Intermediate Court between November 2022 and February 2023. After due
consideration, the Company made a total provision of RMB8.64 million for the claims of Patent I, Patent III
and Patent IV based on the assessment result of the compensation amounts of the internal legal counsel and
external legal counsel by the end of 2022.


In December 2023, the Supreme Court has revoked the civil indictments from Fuzhou Intermediate Court
regarding claims of Patent I and Patent IV. As a result, the Company has reversed the provision of RMB8.4
million related to claims of Patent I and Patent IV by the end of 2023.


Regarding Claim of Patent III, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court in
November 2022 and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately cease selling products
infringing the relevant patent, (2) the Group shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB2.63
million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million, (3) the Group to pay RMB0.13 million fees for the temporary
protection period for the relevant patent, and (4) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out
in the Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. The litigation has no significant progress during
the year ended 31 December 2023, hence the Directors determined to maintain the provision of RMB0.24
million for Claim of Patent III as at 31 December 2023.


After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal counsel, the
Directors are of the view that the claims relating to Patent II and Patent VI are lacking in merit and it is not
probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the claims related to them.


Accordingly, the Group has the following contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and 2023:


                                                                                   Damages                Expenses
                                                                                 claimed by             claimed by
                                                                                        CATL                   CATL
    Claims related to:                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


    Patent II
    relates to an air tightness detection structure of
      explosion-proof device arranged on the battery cover                         365,000*                  1,200*


    Patent VI
    relates to battery package assembly                                            130,000*                     500*

*         The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II and Patent VI, and Luoyang
          Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.


Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2023.

                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        21
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management

     DIRECTORS
     Executive Directors
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士) (former name Liu Caiyu (劉彩瑜)), aged 54, is the chairwoman of our Board, as well as an
     executive Director and president of our Company. Ms. Liu has been a Director of our Company since 20 July 2018, by
     election at the Shareholders’ meetings of our Company, was appointed as the chairwoman of the Board of our Company
     on 27 July 2018 and has been the president of our Company since 6 August 2018. Ms. Liu was designated as our executive
     Director on 10 December 2021. Ms. Liu is also the chairwoman of the board or a Director of Jiangsu Research Institute,
     Xiamen Company, Jiangsu Company, Shenzhen Research Institute, Wuhan Company, Hefei Company, Chengdu Company,
     Materials Company, Fujian Company, Jiangmen Company, Sichuan Company, CALB Smart Energy Technology Co., Ltd.*
     (中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司) (“Smart Energy”), CALB (HK) Co., Limited and CALB(EUROPE),S.A.. Ms. Liu also serves
     as the chairwoman of the board of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd. (江蘇動力及儲
     能電池創新中心有限公司) (“Jiangsu Innovation Center”), an associate of our Company. Ms. Liu is mainly responsible
     for overall strategic planning and operational decision of our Group. She is a member of the Nomination Committee and
     Remuneration Committee.


     Ms. Liu has over 20 years of experience in large enterprise management. Prior to joining our Group, Ms. Liu, from April
     2003 to June 2018, worked in Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司), a company whose shares are
     listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000050) (“Tianma”, together with its subsidiaries “Tianma Group”),
     which is principally engaged in the research, manufacturing and sales of liquid-crystal display and its related materials
     with subsidiaries located in China, Europe, United States, Japan, Korea and India. Ms. Liu had served various positions in
     Tianma Group and her last position was director and general manager of Tianma. Ms. Liu was mainly responsible for the
     overall operation and management of Tianma Group and had gained extensive international experience during her tenure in
     Tianma Group.


     Ms. Liu has received many honors including:


     •      in February 2024, she was awarded the honorary title of “Star Entrepreneur” (明星企業家) by the Changzhou
            Municipal People’s Government, and the honorary titles of “Ziwei Medal” (紫薇獎章), “Outstanding Contribution
            Award 2023” (2023 年度傑出貢獻獎) and “Outstanding Entrepreneur 2023” (2023 年度優秀企業家) by the People’s
            Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


     •      in March 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Jiangsu Outstanding Entrepreneur of Social Responsibility
            2022” (2022 年度江蘇社會責任杰出企業家) by Xinhua Daily Media Group;


     •      in January 2023, she was elected as a “representative of the 14th National People’s Congress of China”;


     •      in January 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Industrial Star Entrepreneur” (工業明星企業家) by
            Changzhou Municipal People’s Government;




22   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                  Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•   in November 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “the Most Influential Business Women in China” (中國最
    具影響力商界女性) by Fortune;


•   in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary titles of “the Top Ten Women in Science and Technology Innovation in
    Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省科技創新十大女傑) and “the Outstanding Female Talent of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省巾幗
    智造之星) by three major departments including the Women’s Federation of Jiangsu Province;


•   in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020-2021 Integrity Model and Integrity Star” (常州市 2020-
    2021 年度“誠信標兵”“誠信之星”) by 7 major departments including the Propaganda Department of the CPC
    Changzhou Municipal Committee, and was awarded as “Changzhou Advanced Individual in Promoting High-quality
    Development 2022”(2022 常州市推動高質量發展先進個人);


•   in February 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Entrepreneur of Changzhou Jintan
    District”(常州市金壇區優秀企業家) by the CPC Changzhou Jintan District Committee and Changzhou Jintan District
    People’s Government;


•   in April 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Model Worker in Jintan District of Changzhou City” (常州市金
    壇區勞動模範) by Changzhou Jintan District People’s Government;


•   in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Advanced Person Contributing to Jintan District” (貢獻金
    壇先進人物) by Changzhou Jintan District People’s Government;


•   in November 2020, she was awarded the honorary title of “Women Achievement Model” (巾幗建功標兵) in Jintan
    District of Changzhou City;


•   in February 2020, she was awarded the title of “Excellent Entrepreneur” (優秀企業家) by Changzhou Jintan District
    People’s Government;


•   in November 2019, she won the award of “LiXiang Person of the Year 2019” (鋰想 2019 年度人物獎) at the 4th
    International Summit on EV Battery Application* (第四屆動力電池應用國際峰會); and


•   in June 2019, she was elected as the chairwoman of the first session of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery
    Industry Innovation Alliance* (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟).




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023     23
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Liu has been a recognized senior accountant since December 2005 and a certified public accountant recognized by the
     Shenzhen Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 2007. Ms. Liu was recognized as a registered valuer by the
     Shenzhen Association of Registered Asset Appraisers in 2001 and was recognized as a certified tax agent by the Shenzhen
     Registered Tax Agent Management Center in 2001.


     Ms. Liu obtained a master’s degree in management majoring in accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and
     Economics (東北財經大學) in April 2005.


     Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生), aged 45, is the executive Director (employee representative Director), senior vice president and
     joint company secretary of our Company. Mr. Dai has been the senior vice president of our Company since 3 April 2019
     and was appointed as our Director on 2 December 2020 and as our company secretary on 6 January 2022 (effective upon
     Listing). Mr. Dai was designated as our executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Dai also acts as a director of Fujian
     Company, Chengdu Company, Hefei Company, Jiangmen Company and Sichuan Ganmei CALB New Energy Resources
     Co., Ltd.* (四川甘眉新航新能源資源有限責任公司) (“Sichuan Ganmei”). Mr. Dai is mainly responsible for the investment,
     financing and capital operation of our Group.


     Mr. Dai has over 20 years of experience in business management, investment and financing. Prior to joining our Group,
     Mr. Dai served as the deputy general manager and secretary of the board of directors of Shenzhen Tongyi Industrial Co.,
     Ltd.* (深圳市同益實業股份有限公司) from August 2018 to April 2019, and was responsible for the investment, financing
     and capital operation. Mr. Dai worked as the secretary of the board of directors in Tianma from November 2016 to January
     2018, mainly responsible for the investment, financing and capital operation of Tianma. From April 2014 to January 2018,
     Mr. Dai served as an assistant president of Tianma. From May 2011 to April 2014, he worked at Ping An Fund Management
     Co., Ltd.* (平安基金管理有限公司). He worked in Da Cheng Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (大成基金管理有限公司) from
     October 2009 to May 2011 and worked at Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd. (平安人壽保險股份有限公司)
     from April 2004 to October 2009. From May 2000 to August 2002, Mr. Dai worked at Yingda Securities Co., Ltd* (英大證
     券有限責任公司).


     Mr. Dai obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in International Finance from Zhongnan University of
     Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學) in June 1999.




24   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Non-executive Directors
Mr. Zhou Sheng (周勝先生) (former name Zhou Zisheng (周子勝)), aged 48, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Zhou has
been the non-executive Director since 8 December 2015 and was designated as our non-executive Director on 10 December
2021. Mr. Zhou is mainly responsible for providing guidance for the overall development of the Group.


Since January 2024, Mr. Zhou has been the chairman of the board of directors and the legal representative of Jiangsu
Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.*(江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司), mainly responsible for the overall management of Jintan
Holding. Prior to joining Jintan Holding, since April 2017, Mr. Zhou has been the chairman of the board of directors and
the legal representative of Jintan Hualuogeng, mainly responsible for the overall management of Jintan Hualuogeng. Prior
to joining Jintan Hualuogeng, Mr. Zhou served as the deputy general manager of Jintan Holding from September 2014
to February 2017, where he was mainly responsible for corporate financing and standardized management of funds. He
served as the general manager of Jintan Holding from February 2017 to February 2019, and from December 2021 until
now, he has been mainly responsible for the overall work of its production, operation and management. Mr. Zhou also
worked as the Financial Affairs Office of Jintan Municipal Government* (金壇市政府金融工作辦公室) as deputy director
from April 2014 to August 2014, mainly responsible for planning and implementation of the relevant policies in relation
to the development of the banking and financing guarantee industries in Jintan District. Mr. Zhou worked at the Finance
Bureau of Jintan District* (金壇市財政局) as office director and deputy chief accountant of the budget section from April
2007 to February 2011, and as chief accountant from March 2011 to March 2014, mainly responsible for financial budget
management. Prior to that, he worked as general budget accountant and deputy director of Financial Office of Xuebu
Town, Jintan City* (金壇市薛埠鎮財政所) from August 1995 to March 2007, mainly responsible for management of
financial special funds and internal audit work.


Mr. Zhou also serves at various positions in Jintan Group and its subsidiaries including:


•      since January 2024, has served as the chairman of the board of directors and the legal representative of Jiangsu
       Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司);


•      since September 2022, he has served as an executive director and legal representative of Changzhou Huake Longke
       Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科隆科科技投資有限公司);


•      since January 2022, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Changzhou Zhongcheng
       Industrial Co., Ltd* (常州眾成實業發展有限公司) (“Changzhou Zhongcheng”), a subsidiary of Jintan Hualuogeng;


•      since December 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Jinsha Investment;


•      since December 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Changzhou Jinsha Capital
       Management Co., Ltd* (常州金沙資金管理有限公司) (“Jinsha Capital Management”), a subsidiary of Jintan
       Holding;


•      since October 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Jiangsu Jiangnan Clean
       Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (江蘇江南清潔能源研究院有限公司) (“Jiangnan Clean Energy”), a subsidiary of
       Jintan Hualuogeng;




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   25
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •      since May 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Changzhou Huake Zhuolin
            Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科卓林實業投資有限公司) (“Huake Zhuolin”), a subsidiary of Jintan
            Hualuogeng;


     •      since December 2020, he has served as a general manager, an executive director and a legal representative of
            Changzhou Huakewo Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科沃實業投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Huake
            Engineering;


     •      since May 2018, he has served as an executive director and legal representative of Changzhou Huakeyi Technology
            Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科易科技投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Huake Engineering;


     •      since April 2018, he has served as a general manager, executive director and legal representative of Changzhou
            Huakerui Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科瑞科技投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Huake Engineering;


     •      since January 2018, he has served as chairman of the supervisory committee of Changzhou ECTEK Automotive
            Electronic Systems Co., Ltd.* (常州易控汽車電子股份有限公司), a company primarily engaged in development and
            sales of automobile engine and technology promotion services;


     •      since January 2018, he has served as a director of Jiangsu Chengdong Construction Projects Co., Ltd* (江蘇城東建設
            工程有限公司), a subsidiary of Jintan Holding;


     •      since March 2017, he has served as an executive director of Changzhou Huake Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (常州華科
            創業投資有限公司) (“Huake Venture Capital”), a subsidiary of Jintan Hualuogeng;


     •      since March 2017, he has served as an executive director and the legal representative of Huake Investment;


     •      since March 2017, he has served as an executive director and legal representative of Huake Engineering; and


     •      since March 2017, he has been serving as an employee director and general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment
            Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司).


     Mr. Zhou obtained a bachelor’s degree in economic management from Central Party School College of Correspondence* (中
     央黨校函授學院) through correspondence study (函授課程) in December 2006.




26   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Zhang Guoqing (張國慶先生), aged 51, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Zhang has been the non-executive Director
since 13 August 2019 and was designated as our non-executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Zhang is responsible
for providing guidance for the overall development of the Group.


Since 7 February 2023, Mr. Zhang has been serving as the employee director and general manager of Jiangsu Jintan
Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金城科技產業發展有限公司). Since December 2016, Mr.
Zhang has been serving as the chairman of the supervisory committee of Jintan Holding. Prior to joining Jiantan Investment,
Mr. Zhang worked in Jintan Huijin Construction Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (金壇市惠金建設投資發展有限公司)
from July 2013 to January 2015 and from February 2015 to December 2016, and his last position was deputy general
manager and head of the general department. From June 2011 to July 2013, Mr. Zhang worked in Jintan City Finance
Bureau as a member of the Economics and Construction Section. From June 2011 to July 2013, Mr. Zhang was a member
of the Financial Law Enforcement and Inspection Brigade of Jintan City (金壇市財政執法稽查大隊). From December 2010
to June 2011, Mr. Zhang worked at Jintan Construction and Engineering Group Co., Ltd* (金壇建工集團有限公司), mainly
responsible for internal control audit. He also worked at Construction Bureau of Jintan City in Beijing Office* (金壇市建設局
駐北京辦事處) from December 2000 to December 2010, and his last position was chief of Financial Section.


Mr. Zhang also serves as various positions in Jintan Group and its respective subsidiaries including:


•      since January 2022, he has been a supervisor of Changzhou Zhongcheng;


•      since October 2021, he has been a supervisor of Jiangnan Clean Energy;


•      since May 2021, he has been a supervisor of Huake Zhuolin;


•      since April 2021, he has been a supervisor of the following companies:


       –      Jintan Holdings
       –      Jincheng Technology
       –      Huake Engineering
       –      Jinsha Capital Management
       –      Changzhou Jinsha City Development Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙城市開發有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
              Jincheng Technology
       –      Jiangsu Jintan Zhonghe Investment Co., Ltd* (江蘇金壇眾合投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Jinsha Investment
       –      Huake Venture Capital
       –      Jiangsu Changdang Lake Agricultural Technology Industrial Park Co., Ltd.* (江蘇長蕩湖農業科技產業園有限
              公司)


•      since January 2021, he has been a supervisor of Changzhou Yijing Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd.* (常州億晶
       光電科技有限公司);




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023    27
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •       since May 2017, he has been serving as an executive director and legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Investment
             Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司), a subsidiary of Jinsha Investment; and


     •       since May 2017, he has been a director of Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.


     Mr. Zhang has been a non-practising member of Beijing Institute of Certified Public Accountants in the PRC since September
     2010.


     Mr. Zhang obtained a junior college diploma in infrastructure finance from School of Water Resources, Yangzhou
     University* (揚州大學水利學院) in June 1994.


     Mr. Li Yunxiang (李雲祥先生), aged 46, our non-executive Director. Mr. Li was appointed as our Director on 13 August
     2019 and was designated as our non-executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Li is mainly responsible for providing
     guidance for the overall development of our Group. Mr. Li also serves as a director of Fujian Company.


     From February 2018 to December 2022, Mr. Li has been a member of the party committee and a deputy general manager
     of Jinyuan Investment and mainly responsible for the investment management, financial management and direct equity
     investment in Jiayuan Investment. Since January 2023, Mr. Li has served as the general manager of Jinyuan Investment
     and was fully responsible for daily operation. From December 2007 to December 2020, Mr. Li served successively as the
     deputy general manager, general manager and chairman of Xiamen Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.* (廈門市融資擔保有限
     公司, formerly known as Xiamen City Guaranty Co., Ltd.* (廈門市擔保有限公司)), and currently serves as a director of this
     company. Since January 2023, Mr. Li has served as the chairman of the board of directors of Xiamen International Trust
     Co., Ltd.* (廈門國際信託有限公司).


     Mr. Li also currently serves as various positions in Jinyuan Investment and its subsidiaries including:


     •       since 6 January 2024, he has served as a director of Xiamen Bank Co., Ltd. (廈門銀行股份有限公司);


     •       since July 2021, he has served as a director of Zhongbing Shunjing Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (中兵
             順景股權投資管理有限公司);


     •       since December 2020, he has served as a director of Fujian Sangang (Group) Co., Ltd.* (福建三鋼(集團)有限公司);


     •       since June 2020, he has served as the director of Jinyuan President Securities Co., Ltd.* (金圓統一證券有限公司);


     •       since May 2020, he has served as a director of Xiamen Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門創業投資有限公司);


     •       since December 2018, he has served as a director of Jinyuan Industry Equity Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓股權投
             資有限公司);


     •       since June 2018, he has served as a director of Xiamen International Trust Co., Ltd.* (廈門國際信託有限公司);




28   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•       since April 2018, he has served as a director of Jinyuan Industry Jinkong Holdings Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓金控股份有限
        公司);


•       since March 2018, he has served as a director of Xiamen Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門資產管理有限公司);


•       since March 2018, he has served as a director of Xiamen Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.* (廈門金融控股有限公司); and


•       since January 2018, he has served as a director of Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金圓資本(廈門)
        有限公司).


Mr. Li received the honor of “‘senior elite’ high-level financial talent”* (“高級精英型”高層次金融人才) by the Xiamen Local
Financial Supervision and Administration Bureau (廈門市地方金融監督管理局) in October 2020, and was awarded the “Tenth
Batch of Top Talents in Xiamen” (“廈門市第十批拔尖人才”) by the Xiamen Municipal People’s Government in October
2019.


Mr. Li obtained a junior college diploma in finance from School of Finance and Economics, Jimei University* (集美大學) in
July 1997 and a master’s degree in business administration from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2008.


Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Wu Guangquan (吳光權先生), aged 61, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wu joined our Group and was
appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Wu is primarily responsible for providing
independent advice and judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Mr. Wu is the
chairman of our Remuneration Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and Nomination Committee.


Mr. Wu has accumulated extensive experience in the field of corporate governance and business development through his
past experiences. Mr. Wu has served as the chairman of the presidium of China Federation of Industrial Economics (中國工
業經濟聯合會) from July 2019, which is a joint organization of the National Industrial Associations (全國工業行業協會) with
its goal to actively promote the transformation of China’s industrialization and technology innovation. Since July 2019, he
served as chairman of the Council of Federation of Shenzhen Industries (深圳工業總會), an organization aiming to nurture
and establish associations of various industries, promote technological innovation and the transformation and upgrading of
enterprises in industrial sector. From May 2017 to July 2019, Mr. Wu served as the chairman of the board of directors, and
secretary of the leading party member’s sub-group (分黨組書記) at China Aviation Industry General Aircraft Co., Ltd.* (中
航通用飛機有限公司) and was mainly responsible for its overall management. From December 2016 to May 2017, he served
as special commissioner of AVIC. From February 2010 to December 2016, he worked at AVIC International Holdings Co.,
Ltd *(中國航空技術國際控股有限公司) (“AVIC International”). During his tenure at AVIC International, he held various
positions and his last position was chairman of the board of directors and secretary of leading party sub-group (分黨組書記).
From September 2002 to February 2010, Mr. Wu worked at AVIC Technology Shenzhen Limited* (中國航空技術深圳有限公
司) (formerly known as AVIC Technology International Holdings Shenzhen Co., Ltd* (中國航空技術國際控股深圳有限公司)
(“AVIC Shenzhen”) where his last position was chairman of the board of directors and general manager. During the term
of his office at AVIC Shenzhen, Mr. Wu also served as the chairman of several listed companies under AVIC Shenzhen.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      29
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     From May 1997 to April 2000, he served as the general manager of Jiangxi Jiangnan Trust Joint Stock Company Limited* (江
     西江南信託投資股份有限公司) (formerly known as AVIC Trust Co., Ltd* (中航信託股份有限公司)). From August 1982 to May
     1997, Mr. Wu worked at AVIC Shenzhen holding various positions and his last position is deputy general accountant and
     manager of the financial department. Mr. Wu obtained the qualification of senior accountant from AVIC on 28 February
     1996.


     Mr. Wu obtained a diploma in industrial accounting from Zhengzhou University of Aeronautics* (鄭州航空工業管理學院) in
     July 1982 and received a master’s degree of business administration from Tongji University (同濟大學) in July 1999.


     Mr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生先生), aged 55, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wang joined our Group and
     was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Wang is mainly responsible for
     supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Mr. Wang is the
     chairman of our Audit Committee.


     Mr. Wang has extensive experience in investment, financial and corporate management. Since April 2017, Mr. Wang has
     been a professor and doctoral supervisor in the Department of Finance of Southern University of Science and Technology*
     (南方科技大學). From July 2003 to April 2017, Mr. Wang worked at the Economics and Management School of Harbin
     Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School* (哈爾濱工業大學深圳研究生院) as a professor.


     Mr. Wang also currently serves as an independent director of Changyuan Technology Group Joint Stock Company Limited*
     (長園科技集團股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600525),
     and is principally engaged in the R&D and manufacturing of intelligent digitalization of industrial and power systems;


     Mr. Wang has been qualified as a certified public accountant (non-practising member) in the PRC since May 1997.


     Mr. Wang graduated with a bachelor of science degree from Changsha Electric Power College* (長沙電力學院) in July 1991
     and he graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) with a master’s degree in economics in 1994. Mr. Wang
     received his doctor of law degree in international economic law from School of Law, Peking University (北京大學) in July
     2000 and postdoctoral degree in management from School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University (清華大學)
     in July 2002. Mr. Wang also held a master’s degree in business administration from University of Chicago in May 2004.




30   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                    Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生), aged 53, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen joined our Group and was
appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Chen is mainly responsible for supervising
and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Mr. Chen is the chairman of
our Nomination Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee.


Mr. Chen has extensive experience on providing advice on corporate finance, dispute resolution and mergers and acquisition
for listed companies and State-owned enterprises. Since August 2012, Mr. Chen has been a senior partner at Junzejun Law
Offices (君澤君律師事務所). From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Chen was a counsel at King & Wood Mallesons (金杜律師事務所).
From 1994 to 2010, Mr. Chen served at various positions at Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court where his last position
was deputy chief judge at the Company Liquidation and Bankruptcy Tribunal of Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court*
(深圳市中級人民法院(公司清算與破產審判庭)). From May 2014 to June 2020, he served as an independent director of
Hubei Sanxia New Building Materials Co., Ltd. (湖北三峽新型建材股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600293). From November 2016 to 2019, Mr. Chen served as an independent non-
executive director of Hong Kong New Sports Group Limited, a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of Stock
Exchange (currently known as Glory Sun Land Group Limited) (stock code: 00299).


Mr. Chen also currently serves as independent director at other companies including:


•      Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd* (生命人壽保險有限公司);


•      Sino Life Asset Management Co., Ltd* (生命保險資產管理有限公司);


•      Sino Life Insurance Holding Joint Stock Limited Company* (生命保險控股股份有限公司); and


•      Shenzhen Nanshan Power Co., Ltd* (深圳南山熱電股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on Shenzhen
       Stock Exchange (stock code: 000037) and principally engaged in production and operation of power supply, heating
       and general contracting of construction projects of power plants.


Mr. Chen is a registered foreign lawyer in Hong Kong, and a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong. He is also a
qualified lawyer in the PRC. Mr. Chen is an arbitrator at China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (中
國國際經濟貿易仲裁委員會) and Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration (深圳國際仲裁院). Mr. Chen graduated from
Southwest University of Political Science & Law (西南政法大學) with a bachelor’s degree in economic law in July 1994 and
received his master’s degree in common law from University of Hong Kong in December 2003. He also obtained a doctoral
degree in civil and commercial law from Jilin University (吉林大學) in December 2008.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      31
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. Jiang Jinhua (姜金華先生), aged 51, is our Shareholder representative Supervisor and chairman of the Supervisory
     Committee. Mr. Jiang joined our Group on 7 February 2021 and was appointed as our Supervisor on the same day. Mr.
     Jiang is mainly responsible for supervising our Directors and senior management of our Company on fulfillment of their
     duties.


     Since January 2024, Mr. Jiang has been the chairman and legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Construction Development
     Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇建設發展有限公司), mainly responsible for the overall management of Jintan Construction.


     Since September 2021, he has been serving as the executive director and general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Zhonghe
     Investment Co., Ltd.


     From December 2020 to January 2024, Mr. Jiang has served as the party secretary and chairman of the board of directors
     for Jintan Holding, and is mainly responsible for the party committee work of Jintan Holding. Prior to joining our Group,
     Mr. Jiang served as party working committee secretary (黨工委書記) at Xicheng Sub-District of Jintan District* (金壇區西城
     街道) from March 2019 to December 2020. From May 2017 to March 2019, he was the director of the district committee
     office of Jintan District Committee Office* (金壇區委辦公室) where he was primarily responsible for the overall work and
     reform of the Jintan District Committee Office. Prior to that, he worked as deputy secretary of the party committee and
     town mayor (黨委副書記及鎮長) of Zhiqian Town, Jintan District* (金壇區指前鎮) from December 2013 to May 2017.
     From August 2006 to December 2013, Mr. Jiang worked at various positions at party committee of Jincheng Town, Jintan
     District* (金壇區金城鎮黨委) where his last position was deputy secretary of the party committee (黨委副書記) and director
     of Political Consultation Conference Working Committee (政協工委主任) of Jincheng Town of Jintan District, and is mainly
     responsible for the party building and work of the Political Consultative Conference Working Committee of Jincheng Town.


     Mr. Jiang received his bachelor’s degree in fine chemicals from Jiangsu Institute of Petrochemical Technology* (江蘇石油化
     工學院), (currently known as Changzhou University (常州大學)) in June 1996.


     Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士), aged 49, is our Shareholder representative Supervisor. Ms. Cheng joined our Group on 13
     August 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on the same day. Ms. Cheng is mainly responsible for supervising our
     Directors and senior management of our Company fulfillment of their duties. Ms. Cheng possesses extensive experience in
     the fields of financial and corporate governance. Ms. Cheng joined Chengfei Integration since January 2002, a company
     primarily engaged in the design, development and manufacturing of the tools and dies, with typical products such as the
     dies for the large and high-grade outer skin panels used in medium and high-grade cars and has successively served as
     various positions including planner of planning department, person in charge of planning department, person in charge
     of securities department, person in charge of project department and secretary of the third to eighth board of directors
     of Chengfei Integration. Currently, she is a member of the Party Committee, director, chief accountant, board secretary,
     general legal counsel, and chief compliance officer of Chengfei Integration, mainly responsible for Chengfei Integration’s
     financial work, legal and compliance affairs, information disclosure related matters, management of relationship with
     investors and dealing with matters in relation to the board meetings.




32   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                       Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Ms. Cheng also holds various positions in subsidiaries of Chengfei Integration, including:


•       a supervisor of Shanghai Aerospace Engine Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (上海航空發動機製造股份有限公司) since June
        2021;


•       a director of Anhui Jiwen Integrated Body Panels Co., Ltd. (安徽吉文集成車身覆蓋件有限公司) since May 2023;


Ms. Cheng has received a number of awards over the years including:


•       rated 4A in the performance evaluation of the board secretaries by the Association of Listed Companies in 2023;


•       excellent Board Secretary of the 14th “Tianma Award” for Investor Relations of Listed Companies in China by
        Securities Times in 2023;


•       excellent Board Secretary of Listed Companies in Sichuan Province of the Year (四川上市公司年度優秀董事會秘書)
        for years of 2016, 2015 and 2013 awarded by Sichuan Association of Listed Companies in October 2017, July 2016
        and July 2014, respectively;


•       top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise Board 2011 (2011 中國中
        小板上市公司百佳董秘) and top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise
        Board 2010 (2010 中國中小板上市公司百佳董秘) awarded by Securities Times in 2012 and 2011, respectively.


Ms. Cheng has been a Senior International Finance Manager (高級國際財務管理師) jointly recognized by International
Financial Management Association and China Association of Chief Financial Officers since June 2010. She has also been a
Senior Economist (高級經濟師) recognized by Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC since September
2020.


Ms. Cheng graduated from Northwestern Polytechnical University (西北工業大學) with a bachelor’s degree in machinery
manufacturing process and equipment in July 1996, and she has obtained a master’s degree in business administration from
Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學) in December 2001.


Ms. Nian Mingzhu (念明珠女士), aged 37, is our employee representative Supervisor. Ms. Nian joined our Group on
15 July 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on 15 September 2020. She is mainly responsible for supervising our
Directors and senior management of our Company on fulfillment of their duties. Apart from being our Supervisor, she
worked as an equipment procurement director at Xiamen Company from July 2019 to September 2020 and has been the
equipment procurement director of our Company since September 2020 to November 2023. Ms. Nian is mainly responsible
for supervising our Group’s equipment procurement. Since November 2023, she has been a purchasing specialist of the cell
purchasing department, primarily responsible for the delivery of cathode materials. Ms. Nian also serves as a supervisor for
Jiangsu Company, Jiangsu Research Institute, Hefei Company, Chengdu Company, Wuhan Company, Shenzhen Research
Institute, Xiamen Company, Fujian Company, Jiangmen Company, Sichuan Company and Smart Energy.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023      33
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Prior to joining our Group, Ms. Nian worked at Xiamen Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (廈門天馬微電子有限公司), a
     subsidiary of Tianma, successively as capital accountant, asset accountant and auditor from July 2011 to July 2019 and was
     mainly responsible for its daily capital management, asset accounting, annual audit of the financial statements of overseas
     subsidiaries, various special management audits and accountability audits of the senior management.


     Ms. Nian obtained her bachelor’s degree in financial management from Fujian Normal University (福建師範大學) in June
     2011.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士), aged 54, is the chairwoman of the Board, our executive Director and chief executive officer
     of our Company. For the biography of Ms. Liu, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


     Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士), aged 39, joined our Group on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as senior vice
     president and chief technology officer of our Company on 5 September 2019. She is mainly responsible for the market
     strategy, product strategy, R&D, intellectual property of our Group. Dr. Pan also served as the person-in-charge of Shanghai
     Branch Co. of the Company on 28 July 2022.


     Dr. Pan has over ten years of experience in the R&D of battery. From July 2011 to April 2019, she successively served as the
     director of the battery materials office, the director of the battery design office, the director of the battery design institute,
     the project chief engineer, the deputy chief engineer and the chief technology officer of Luoyang Company, and was mainly
     responsible for material R&D, battery products development, scientific research management and major project research.


     In September 2017, Dr. Pan obtained the qualification of a senior engineer awarded by AVIC.


     Dr. Pan received many honors, including:


     •       In May 2023, she was awarded the “Jiangsu Youth May Fourth Medal” (江蘇青年五四獎章) jointly by Jiangsu
             Province Committee of Communist Youth League of China (共青團江蘇省委）and Jiangsu Youth Federation（江蘇省
             青年聯合會）；


     •       In May 2022, she was awarded the “Ten Outstanding Young People in Changzhou” (常州市十大傑出青年) by
             Changzhou Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League and Changzhou Daily;


     •       In March 2022, she was awarded the “March 8 Red Flag Bearer of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省三八紅旗手) by the
             People’s Government of Jiangsu Province;


     •       In March 2022, she was awarded the “Most Beautiful Woman of Changzhou” (常州市最美巾幗人物) by the People’s
             Government of Jiangsu Province;


     •       In October 2021, she was awarded the “Top Talent of Changzhou ‘Dragon City Talent Program’” (常州市”龍城英才
             計劃”頂尖人才) by Changzhou Talent Work Leading Group Office;


     •       in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020 Outstanding Entrepreneur” (2020 年度優秀企業家)
             by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;

34   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•   in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2016-2020 Advanced Person of Moving Jintan” (2016-
    2020 年感動金壇先進人物) by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


•   in June 2019, she was appointed as a member of the Technical Committee of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage
    Battery Industry Innovation Alliance* (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟技術委員會);


•   in April 2019, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Expert of Luoyang City” (洛陽市優秀專家) by the
    People’s Government of Luoyang City;


•   in January 2019, she was awarded the honorary title of “Leader of Academic Technology in Henan Province” (河南
    省學術技術帶頭人) by the People’s Government of Henan Province;


•   in January 2019, she was awarded the second prize of Henan Science and Technology Progress Award (河南省科學
    技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “Technology Development of High
    Specific Energy EV Battery Based on Hybrid Cathode Material” (基於混合正極材料的高比能量動力電池技術開發);


•   in October 2017, she was awarded the honorary title of “Winner of Luoyang Youth Science and Technology Award”
    (洛陽市青年科技獎獲獎者) by the Luoyang Talent Work Leading Group (洛陽市人才工作領導小組);


•   in September 2017, she was awarded the second prize of the Fujian Science and Technology Progress Award by the
    People’s Government of Fujian Province (福建省科學技術進步獎) for the project of “High-Safety Ceramic Separator
    and Its Application in Power Lithium-ion Batteries” (高安全陶瓷隔膜及其在動力鋰離子電池中的應用);


•   in December 2016, she was awarded the second prize of Henan Science and Technology Progress Award (河南省科
    學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “High Safety CAM72FI Metal Shell
    Lithium-ion EV Battery” (高安全性 CAM72FI 金屬殼鋰離子動力電池);


•   in July 2015, she was awarded the first prize of the Luoyang Science and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科
    學技術進步獎) by the Luoyang Municipal People’s Government for the project of “CAM72FI Metal Shell Battery
    Development” (CAM72FI 金屬殼電池研製); and


•   in March 2015, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Scientific and Technological Worker” (優秀
    科技工作者) by AVIC. Dr. Pan obtained her doctoral degree in physical chemistry from University of Science and
    Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in June 2011.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     35
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生), aged 45, is our executive Director (employee representative Director), senior vice president and
     joint company secretary of our Company. For the biography of Mr. Dai, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this
     section.


     Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生), aged 41, joined our Group on 1 July 2018 and was appointed as senior vice president
     on 6 August 2018, responsible for the procurement and information technology work of our Group. Mr. Geng is the legal
     representative, director and general manager of Chengdu Company, Sichuan Company and Sichuan Ganmei. Mr. Geng is
     also the legal representative and general manager of Materials Company.


     Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Geng served as assistant president at Tianma from February 2014 to January 2018 and
     was mainly responsible for Tianma’s engagement of finance and information technology, during which time he was also
     responsible for procurement, business management and administrative management. He also served as the financial
     controller of Tianma from January 2012 to January 2014. From October 2010 to December 2011, Mr. Geng served as
     the financial controller at Shanghai AVIC Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海中航光電子有限公司). From February 2009 to
     December 2011, he worked as the financial controller at Chengdu Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (成都天馬微電子股
     份有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma. From January 2007 to January 2009, he worked as a financial accountant of Shanghai
     Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海天馬微電子股份有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma. Mr. Geng earned his bachelor’s
     degree of management in accounting from Anhui University of Technology (安徽工業大學) in July 2003.


     Ms. Gao Yan (高豔女士), aged 40, joined our Group on 20 April 2020 and was appointed as vice president on 25 April
     2020. Ms. Gao is the financial controller of our Group and mainly responsible for the financial and human resources of our
     Group. She also served as the person-in-charge of the Beijing Branch of the Company.


     Ms. Gao has over 15 years of experience in finance. Prior to joining our Group, she worked successively at Tianma as a
     financial accountant from April 2008 to May 2010, as a financial manager from June 2010 to April 2015 and as financial
     controller from May 2015 to April 2020, where she was primarily responsible for the operation of accounting body of
     Tianma.


     Ms. Gao obtained her bachelor’s and master’s degree of management in accounting from Central South University (中南大
     學) in June 2005 and December 2007, respectively.


     Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生), aged 39, joined our Group on 8 December 2015, has been serving as the deputy
     secretary of the Party Committee of the Company since August 2019 and was appointed as vice president of our Company
     on 15 November 2021. Mr. Wang is mainly responsible for the manufacturing technology and quality of our group,
     coordinating the development of energy storage business of our Group. Mr. Wang has been the legal representative and
     general manager of Jiangsu Company since 23 June 2021. Mr. Wang has been serving as the legal representative, director
     and general manager of Jiangsu Innovation Center since 1 November 2021. Mr. Wang has been serving as the legal
     representative and general manager of Jiangsu Research Institute since 1 February 2023.




36   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Wang served as vice general manager of our Company from August 2016 to August 2018, and was mainly responsible
for the relevant engagement of our Company’s overall operation and manufacturing. From August 2013 to September
2015, he had successively served as vice general manager and general manager of the manufacturing department at
Luoyang Company and was mainly responsible for the engagement of crafts technology, equipment technology and
manufacturing management. He served as the plant manager at the One Factory* (精益一廠) of the manufacturing
department of Luoyang Company from September 2011 to July 2013 and was mainly responsible for production
management of the sub-factory. He also served as engineer at the process technology department of Luoyang Company
from October 2010 to August 2011 and was mainly responsible for the engagement of crafts development. Prior to joining
of Luoyang Company, he served as technical engineer at Stainless Steel Tubes & Pipes Co., Tisco* (山西太鋼不銹鋼鋼管有限
公司) from July 2009 to October 2010 and was mainly responsible for workshop crafts.


Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in material science and engineering from Zhengzhou University (鄭州大學) in July
2006 and a master’s degree in material science from University of Science and Technology Beijing (北京科技大學) in June
2009.


Mr. He Fan (何凡先生), aged 46, joined our Group on 20 August 2018 and was appointed as vice president of our
Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. He is responsible for the manufacturing operations, engineering construction,
environmental safety of our group. Mr. He also acts as the legal representative, director and general manager of Wuhan
Company.


Before being appointed as vice president of our Company, Mr. He acted as the assistant to general manager of our
Company from August 2018 to November 2021 and was mainly responsible for engineering and construction. Prior to
joining our Group, Mr. He had successively served as senior manager of factory affairs, deputy director of factory affairs,
and director of factory affairs in Tianma from July 2011 to November 2017 and was mainly responsible for project
construction and operation management. From April 2007 to June 2011, he had successively served as environment safety
engineer and environment safety manager in Tianma.


Mr. He obtained his bachelor’s degree in environment engineer from Suzhou Urban Construction and Environmental
Protection Institute* (蘇州城建環保學院) in June 2001.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      37
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生), aged 41, joined our Group on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as vice president of our
     Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. Xie is mainly responsible for the sales of in-vehicle business and research and
     development of in-vehicle battery products of our Group.


     Before being appointed as vice president of our Company, Mr. Xie acted as the assistant to general manager of our
     Company from July 2019 to October 2021 and was mainly responsible for sales of domestic passenger vehicles. From
     January 2019 to June 2019, he was a senior product director of marketing center of our Company and was mainly
     responsible for development of passenger vehicle products. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Xie had successively served as
     the head of engineering department, the deputy president of technology research institute and the deputy chief engineer
     of the science and technology department at Luoyang Company from September 2008 to December 2018, and was mainly
     responsible for project management and development of battery pack products. From November 2007 to August 2008, he
     served as an engineer in the engineering department at Luoyang Company, and was mainly responsible for the development
     of battery pack products. From August 2006 to October 2007, Mr. Xie served as an engineer at the engineering department
     of Cama (Luoyang) Electromechanic Co., Ltd.* (凱邁(洛陽)機電有限公司) and was responsible for product development.


     Mr. Xie has obtained the qualification of senior engineer from AVIC in 2016. He received the first prize of Luoyang Science
     and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科學技術進步獎) for the project “research on lithium energy storage technology
     of large-scale wind-solar storage and transportation system*” (大規模風光儲輸綜合系統鋰電儲能技術研究) awarded by
     People’s Government of Luoyang City in June 2016. He was also awarded the AVIC Science and Technology Award* (中
     航工業集團科學技術獎) for the project “High reliability CA60F I lithium-ion EV battery*” (高可靠性 CA60F I 鋰離子動力電
     池) by AVIC in December 2015. In January 2014, he was awarded the second prize of the Science and Technology Progress
     Award of Henan Province (河南省科學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of
     “Megawattlevel Lithium-ion Battery Grid Peak-shaving Energy Storage System” (兆瓦級鋰離子電池電網調峰儲能系統).


     Mr. Xie obtained his bachelor’s engineering degree in computer science and technology from Harbin Engineering University
     (哈爾濱工程大學) in June 2006.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of our Company on 6 January 2022. For the
     biography of Mr. Dai, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


     Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (張啟昌先生) was appointed as the other joint company secretary of our Company on 6
     January 2022. Mr. Cheung is a senior manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited mainly responsible
     for assisting listed companies in professional company secretarial work. Prior to joining SWCS Corporate Services Group
     (Hong Kong) Limited, Mr. Cheung served as the company secretary of certain companies, each of which is listed on the
     Stock Exchange. Mr. Cheung is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the
     Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom.


     Mr. Cheung obtained a Bachelor Degree of Arts (Honors) in Accounting and Finance at the University of Glamorgan in the
     United Kingdom in June 1996.




38   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Corporate Governance Report

The Board hereby presents the corporate governance report (the “Corporate Governance Report”) of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2023.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and has established and implemented
good corporate governance practices to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements on management structure,
internal control, risk management and information disclosure, so as to achieve effective transparency and accountability to
safeguard the interests of all shareholders.


The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set out in Appendix C1
to the Listing Rules as its own corporate governance code since 6 October 2022 (the “Listing Date”). During the Reporting
Period, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code, except for the following
deviations:


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairperson and chief executive officer should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairperson and chief
executive officer should be clearly established and set out in writing.


Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman of the Board as well as the president of our Company, mainly responsible for overall
strategic planning and operational decision of the Group. Taking into consideration the Company’s current situation, the
Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairwoman of the Board and president in the same person has the benefit of
ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the
Group. The Directors also consider that the balance of responsibility and authority under the present arrangement will not
be impaired, and this structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. Under
the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board works efficiently and performs its responsibilities with all key and appropriate
issues discussed in a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board
and relevant Board committees, and there are three independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent
perspective, the Board is therefore of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of
powers within the Board. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time
in light of prevailing circumstances, to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of our Company.


The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices to ensure that it continues to comply with the CG
Code and is in line with the latest developments of the regulatory authorities.


Culture
Mission: We shoulder the mission of energy safety for mankind. We drive the positive development of the industry with
innovative concepts and leading core technologies. Adhering to our corporate spirit of “beyond commerce, bettering
mankind”, we are committed to leading the new energy era.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023      39
     Corporate Governance Report




     Values: sincerity, efficiency and win-win.


     Our strategy: We strive to lead the energy evolution and create a better world for mankind through the following strategies.


     •      All-around technology advancement strategy


     •      Scaling-up strategy


     •      Promoting a sustainable industry development


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition of the Board
     The Board delegates certain responsibilities to various dedicated committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of
     Association and the Listing Rules. The appointment of the respective committee members was approved by the Shareholders
     at the Shareholders’ general meeting on 25 December 2021.


     Our Company has established a Board, which comprises 8 Directors, including 2 executive Directors, 3 non-executive
     Directors and 3 independent non-executive Directors. The Board shall have one chairperson. The chairperson of the Board
     shall be elected and removed by more than one half of all Directors. The term of office of the chairperson shall be three
     years. Chairperson may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiration of his/her term of office.


     Executive Directors
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and president)
     Mr. Dai Ying


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhou Sheng
     Mr. Zhang Guoqing
     Mr. Li Yunxiang


     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wu Guangquan
     Mr. Wang Susheng
     Mr. Chen Zetong




40   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” of this report. To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of them has any personal relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) with any other Directors, the chairwoman and the chief
executives of the Company. The Company considers that the composition of the Board has been well balanced. Each of the
Directors has the relevant experience, knowledge and expertise that can contribute to the business of the Company. The
executive Directors oversee the day-to-day operations of the Group, while the independent non-executive Directors provide
independent judgement to the decision-making process of the Board.


Responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the Board and management
The Company has formalized and adopted written terms on the division of functions reserved to the Board and those
delegated to the management of the Company. The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the Company,
including the approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, risk management and internal
control systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial data, appointment
of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.


All Directors have full and timely access to the relevant data of the Group as well as the advice and services of the joint
company secretary and senior management of the Company, in order to ensure compliance with the Board procedures
and all applicable laws and regulations. Any Director may request independent professional advice in appropriate
circumstances at the Company’s expense, upon reasonable request being made to the Board. The Board has delegated the
responsibility for implementing its corporate strategies and the day-to-day management, operation and administration to
the management of the Company under the leadership of the executive Directors. Clear guidance has been made as to
the matters that should be reserved to the Board for its decision which include matters on, inter alia, capital, finance and
financial reporting, internal control, communication with Shareholders, Board composition, delegation of authority and
corporate governance. The Board periodically reviews the delegated functions and work tasks. Prior to entering into any
significant transactions, the aforesaid officers have to obtain the Board’ approval.


The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which includes:


(1)    to develop and review the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make
       recommendations to the Board;


(2)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;


(3)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


(4)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to Directors and
       employees; and


(5)    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report of the
       Company.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       41
     Corporate Governance Report




     Continuous professional development of Directors
     All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of being a
     Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business of the
     Company and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their appointment
     as Directors to ensure that he or she has a proper understanding of the operation and business of the Company and
     full awareness of Directors’ responsibilities and obligation under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
     All Directors have been provided monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
     performance, financial position and prospects to keep the Directors’ abreast of the Group’s affairs in order to discharge
     their duties. All Directors are also updated from time to time on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
     other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
     practices, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
     the Company.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, all Directors had participated in continuous professional development in the
     following manner in compliance with code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code:


                                                                       Continuous professional development
     Directors                                                          Attend trainings                      Read materials


     Executive Directors
     Liu Jingyu                                                                          √                                   √
     Dai Ying                                                                            √                                   √


     Non-executive Directors
     Zhou Sheng                                                                          √                                   √
     Zhang Guoqing                                                                       √                                   √
     Li Yunxiang                                                                         √                                   √


     Independent Non-executive
       Directors
     Wu Guangquan                                                                        √                                   √
     Wang Susheng                                                                        √                                   √
     Chen Zetong                                                                         √                                   √




42   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Appointment, re-election and removal
Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of
office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself/herself for re-election and re-appointment, but the term of office of an
independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules
of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed. The term of office of a director shall commence from his/
her accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the Board. Where election of directors fails to be timely
conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former directors, the former directors shall, prior to the accession of the
newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental
rules and the Articles of Association.


Subject to the relevant laws and regulations, and the regulatory rules of the jurisdictions where the Company’s shares are
listed, any person appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the Board shall hold
office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


When a Director’s resignation becomes effective or his/her term of office expires, he/she shall duly carry out all handover
procedures with the Board. His/her fiduciary obligations to the Company and Shareholders shall not necessarily terminate
from the end of his/her term of office and shall remain effective within a reasonable period as specified in the Articles of
Association.


If any Director fails to attend in person or appoint other Directors as his/her representative to attend meetings of the Board
for two consecutive times, such Director shall be deemed to have failed to perform his duties, and the Board shall propose
to replace such Director at the general meeting.


Independent Non-executive Directors
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has complied with Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10A of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, representing more than
one-third of the Board and at least one of them has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
financial management expertise. All independent non-executive Directors also meet the guidelines for assessment of their
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
each of the independent non-executive Directors as required under the Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the year ended
31 December 2023 and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent. The Board will assess its
independence annually.


Board meetings
Pursuant to the CG Code and the Articles of Association, the Board is scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year,
to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings
will be held when necessary.


Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely data to allow them to fulfill their duties properly.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       43
     Corporate Governance Report




     Notices for regular Board meetings and meeting agenda are sent to all Directors, supervisors and general manager in
     advance. Notice of at least 14 days is given for a regular Board meeting. For other Board meetings, all Directors, supervisors
     and general manager shall be notified within a reasonable period (not less than five days) prior to the meeting. Board
     papers together with all appropriate, complete and relevant data are dispatched to all Directors at least three days before
     each regular Board meeting to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the related documents and be
     adequately prepared for the meeting.


     The joint company secretary is responsible for keeping minutes of all Board and committee meetings. Draft minutes are
     normally circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable period after each meeting and the final version is
     open to Directors for inspection. The Articles of Association contain provisions requiring Directors to abstain from voting
     and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their
     associates have a material interest.


     Directors’ attendance records
     During the Reporting Period, eight Board meetings and six general meetings were held. The attendance records of Directors
     are set out below:


                                                                          Meetings of the
                                                                                     Board                    General meetings
                                                             Attendance rate/Number of            Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                  meetings                             meetings


     Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                      8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Dai Ying                                                                        8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Zhou Sheng                                                                      8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Zhang Guoqing                                                                   8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Li Yunxiang                                                                     8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                    8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Wang Susheng                                                                    8/8                                  6/6
     Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                     8/8                                  6/6


     During the Reporting Period, one meeting was held between the chairwoman of the Board and the independent non-
     executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.




44   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Chairperson and president
Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of the chairperson and the president should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman of the Board and the president of the
Company, mainly responsible for the overall strategic planning and operational decision-making of the Group. Taking into
consideration the Company’s current situation, the Directors believe that the roles of chairwoman and president in the
same person are beneficial to ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enable the Group to formulate overall
strategic planning more effectively and efficiently. The Directors also believe that the current arrangement will not impair
the balance of duties and authority and the structure will enable the Company to make decisions and implement them in
a timely and effective manner. Under the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board functions effectively and discharges its
responsibilities to discuss all important and appropriate issues in a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are
made in consultation with members of the Board and the relevant Board committees, and the Board has three independent
non-executive Directors to provide independent views, the Board considers that there are adequate safeguards to ensure an
adequate balance of powers of the Board. However, the Board will review the structure and composition of the Board from
time to time to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


Terms of appointment of non-executive Directors
Pursuant to the Articles 96 and 106 of the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general
meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself for
re-election and re-appointment, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise
provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed.
The term of office of a Director shall commence from his accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the
Board. Where election of Directors fails to be timely conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former Directors,
the former Directors shall, prior to the accession of the newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in
accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of Association.


Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with
the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date.


Board committees
The Board has established three Board committees, namely, the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the
remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), to assist them in the efficient implementation of their functions and to oversee particular aspects of the
Company’s affairs. Specific responsibilities, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company, have been delegated to the above committees and the corporate
governance duties as required under the CG Code have been performed. All committees are provided with sufficient
resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in
appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     45
     Corporate Governance Report




     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee was established by the Company in accordance with Rules 3.21 to 3.23 of the Listing Rules. The
     terms of reference of the Audit Committee were adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to:


     (i)     review the Company’s financial information and monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual
             report and accounts and half-year report and review significant financial reporting judgments contained therein
             before submission to the Board;


     (ii)    manage the relationship with the external auditors, including but not limited to making recommendation to the
             Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors, review and monitor the external
             auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable
             standards, discussing with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
             the audit commences, and develop and implement a policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit
             services;


     (iii)   review the Company’s financial information, monitor the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management
             and internal control procedures;


     (iv)    review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance issues, including but limited to training and
             continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and the Company’s compliance with
             legal and regulatory requirements and the CG Code; and


     (v)     review the Company’s environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) management approach, policies and
             strategies.


     Our Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman), Mr. Wu Guangquan and Mr. Chen
     Zetong all being Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee
     held five meetings and the work performed by the Audit Committee was summarised as follows:


     (1)     reviewing the findings and recommendations from external auditors and independent internal control reviewers;


     (2)     reviewing the independence of the external auditors and engagement of external auditors;


     (3)     reviewing the audit plan, internal control plan, the development in accounting standards and their effects on the
             Group, financial statements and risk management matters;


     (4)     reviewing the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff in the Group’s accounting and financial
             reporting functions; and


     (5)     reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.




46   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




The attendance records of each committee members are set out below:


                                                                                          Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                                              meetings


 Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)                                                                                         5/5
 Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                    5/5
 Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                     5/5


The Company’s annual report and annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been
reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of opinion that the preparation of such financial information
complied with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the Listing Rules and any other applicable legal
requirements, and that adequate disclosures have been made.


Remuneration Committee
The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
Code and the terms of reference have been adopted. The Remuneration Committee adopted the approach under code
provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code to make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of independent
Directors and senior management.


The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to:


(i)     make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior
        management of the Company, and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for developing
        remuneration policy;


(ii)    review and approve the senior management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’ corporate goals
        and objectives;


(iii)   be delegated by the Board to determine the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management or to recommend to the Board the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management; and this should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
        compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;


(iv)    make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; and


(v)     review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
        Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      47
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman), the Independent
     Non-executive Director, Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Executive Director and Mr. Chen Zetong, the Independent Non-executive
     Director. The Remuneration Committee shall consult the chairwoman and/or the president of the Company on proposals
     relating to the remuneration of other executive Directors. The remuneration of the Directors was determined with reference
     to the salaries paid by comparable companies and the experience, responsibilities, workload, time devoted to the Group
     and individual performance of the Directors, as well as the performance of the Group.


     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings and the work performed by the
     Remuneration Committee was summarised as follows: (1) reviewing the appropriateness of the remuneration policy; (2)
     evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of the Group; and (3) revising the terms of reference of
     the Remuneration Committee.


     The attendance records of each committee members are set out below:


                                                                                               Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                                                   meetings


     Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman)                                                                                          2/2
     Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                                                       2/2
     Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                      2/2


     Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of senior management during the year ended 31
     December 2023 fell with the following bands. The following remuneration includes salaries, allowances, equity-settled
     share-based payments and contributions to retirement benefits schemes. Details of the remuneration components are set
     out in note 16 and note 48 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Remuneration level                                                                                  Number of persons


     RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000                                                                                           2
     RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                                           2
     RMB9,500,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                                                          2
     RMB13,000,001 to RMB13,500,000                                                                                         1
     RMB23,500,001 to RMB24,000,000                                                                                         1




48   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Remuneration Policy
The Company has established and continuously improved the remuneration and benefit management system, and
actively built a remuneration and benefit system of “determining salary based on position and determining bonus based
on contribution”, with both external competitiveness and internal fairness. The Company strictly abides by the national
regulations and pays full amount of social insurance for its employees every month, covering 100% of its employees. The
Company builds a fair and open promotion platform for employees, comprehensively evaluates and analyzes employees’
potential for promotion, competency, performance and values, and analyzes employees’ comprehensive capabilities and
potentials. The Company has established a salary adjustment system that is externally competitive, internally fair, and
individually balanced to maximize the potential of the team and individuals. The Company distributes bonuses based on
contribution. By comprehensively evaluating the achievement of the company-level and each system’s operating targets,
and the achievement of the labor cost targets of each system, the Company distributes the bonuses according to the
performance contributions. The Company continues to optimize and promote the talent incentive plan, and establishes
a hierarchical and classified incentive system for different employee categories to further enhance employees’ sense of
belonging, accomplishment and honor. In light of the concept of caring for and respecting people, the Company motivates
and mobilizes the enthusiasm of employees through a combination of material incentives and spiritual incentives, so that
employees can demonstrate their talents in an open and equal environment, which gives full play to their potentials and
maximizes their enthusiasm.


Our executive Directors receive, in their capacity as our employees, compensation in the form of salaries and
benefits-in-kind, including our contributions to the pension scheme for our executive Directors, according to the laws of the
PRC. The aggregate amounts of remuneration (including fees, salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, discretionary bonus
and contributions to pension scheme) for our Directors and Supervisors for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023
were approximately RMB31,968,000 and RMB34,420,000, respectively. None of our Directors waived any remuneration
during the aforesaid periods.


The information of the five highest paid individuals of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out in
note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


During the Reporting Period, no emoluments were paid by our Group to any of our Directors or the five highest paid
individuals (including Directors and employees of the Company) as an inducement to join or upon joining our Group or as
compensation for loss of office. None of our Directors has waived any emoluments during the Reporting Period.


Save as disclosed above, no other remuneration has been paid or is payable, during the Reporting Period, by our Group to
any of our directors or their representatives.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      49
     Corporate Governance Report




     Nomination Committee
     The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code.
     The terms of reference have been adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to:


     (i)     ensure that the Board and its committees consist of Directors with the appropriate balance of skills, diversity and
             knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties effectively;


     (ii)    review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
             annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
             corporate strategy;


     (iii)   develop, review and implement, as appropriate, the policy, criteria and procedures for the identification, selection
             and nomination of candidates as directors for Board approval. Such criteria include but are not limited to the
             potential contributions a candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience, independence
             and gender diversity;


     (iv)    assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


     (v)     make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and senior management
             and succession planning for Directors and senior management, in particular the chairman and the chief executive;
             and


     (vi)    draw up, review and update, as appropriate, the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives for
             implementing such Board Diversity Policy as may be adopted by the Board from time to time and to review and
             update the progress on achieving the objectives; and to make disclosures of its progress and its review results in the
             annual report of the Company annually.


     The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman), the independent non-
     executive Director, Ms. Liu Jingyu, the executive Director and Mr. Wu Guangquan, the independent non-executive Director.
     During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and the work performed by the Nomination
     Committee is summarised as follows:


     (1)     to review and confirm that the structure, size and composition of the Board and the proportions of executive
             Directors and independent non-executive Directors remain appropriate for the Board to discharge its duties;


     (2)     to review and confirm the diversity of skills, knowledge, experience and gender of the members of the Board;


     (3)     to review the Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”); and


     (4)     to formulate the Company’s nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) and make recommendations to the
             Board for adoption.



50   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




The attendance records of each committee member are set out below:


                                                                                             Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                                                 meetings


Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman)                                                                                              1/1
Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                                                          1/1
Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                        1/1


Nomination Policy
The Nomination Committee identifies individuals with suitable qualifications to become members of the Board by
considering the proposed candidates’ skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, etc., having due regard to the Board Diversity
Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company, and evaluates the independence of the proposed independent
non-executive Directors (as the case may be). The Nomination Committee then makes recommendations to the Board. The
Board considers the candidates recommended by the Nomination Committee after due consideration of the Board Diversity
Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company. The Board will then confirm the candidate for appointment
as a director or recommend a candidate for re-election at a general meeting of the Company. According to the Articles of
Association, any person appointed by the Board as a director to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or to increase the number
of members on the Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall be eligible
for re-election at that time.


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for discharging its corporate governance responsibilities as described in the “Roles and
Responsibilities of the Board and Management” in this report. During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the
Company’s corporate governance policies and practices and compliance with the CG Code, reviewed and monitored the
continuous professional development of the Directors, and also reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and
practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.


Joint Company Secretaries
Mr. Dai Ying and Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie are appointed as joint company secretaries of the Company and are
responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters. Mr. Cheung’s primary contact person is Mr. Dai.


In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Dai and Mr. Cheung have confirmed that they have taken no less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31 December 2023.


Directors and Supervisors’ Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors and
Supervisors of the Company. Having made specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that
they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      51
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     During the Reporting Period, the Company has established appropriate and effective risk management and internal
     control systems in compliance with the paragraph D.2 of the CG Code. The Company has adopted and implemented a
     comprehensive risk management policy encompassing risks that may arise in R&D, procurement management, production
     management and sales management. Our risk management and internal control systems also cover the general functional
     operations such as human resources, financial management, asset management, warehousing and logistics management,
     information system management and corporate governance as well as decision-making processes. Meanwhile, the Board is
     committed to supervising and evaluating the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems to ensure
     that the system is rectified and effectively controlled as our business develops.


     The management of the Company, under the supervision of the Board, has implemented and maintained appropriate and
     effective risk management and internal control systems. However, the risk management and internal control systems can
     only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses. The key features of the risk
     management and internal control systems are described in the following sections:


     Risk Management System
     The Company has adopted a risk management system to manage risks related to its business and operation. The system
     includes the following stages:


     •      Risk identification: extensively and continuously collect internal and external environmental factors, stakeholders’
            needs, etc. related to enterprise risk and risk management; identify risks that may affect the Company’s operation
            and business (including ESG risks).


     •      Risk evaluation: systematically analyze the collected risk information, evaluate the impact of the risk, and determine
            the risk values and risk levels based on the risk assessment standards.


     •      Risk response and control: based on its own conditions and external environment and adhering to the development
            strategy, select appropriate basic risk management strategies and formulate risk management solutions to prevent,
            avoid or mitigate risks.


     •      Risk monitoring and improvement: continuously carry out risk monitoring, dynamically assess the rationality and
            implementation effectiveness of risk strategies and solutions, timely identify defects and make improvements, and
            continuously revise and improve risk management and control measures based on actual conditions.




52   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Internal Control System
The Company has established an internal control system which enables the Company to achieve its objectives regarding
operational effectiveness and efficiency, reliability of financial statements and compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. Internal control process is designed to monitor the Company’s operations and ensure full compliance. The
components of the internal control system framework are set out below:


•      Monitoring environment: a set of standards, procedures and frameworks has been implemented to provide the basis
       for the Company’s internal monitoring.


•      Risk evaluation: a dynamic interactive process of identifying, evaluating and analyzing risks to achieve the Company’s
       objectives and forming the basis for determining how to manage risks.


•      Monitoring activities: actions established in accordance with policies and procedures to help ensure that
       management’s instructions to mitigate risks and achieve objectives are being implemented.


•      Information and communication: regular and effective internal and external communications provide the Company
       with information needed for daily monitoring.


•      Monitoring: continuous and individual evaluations to determine the existence and effective operation of each
       component of the internal control system.


The Company has also adopted and implemented inside information policies and procedures in order to enhance the
Company’s system for handling and releasing inside information and ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and
timeliness of its public disclosures. The Company has taken certain reasonable measures from time to time to ensure its
access to potential inside information and to maintain the confidentiality of such information in order not to breach the
Company’s disclosure requirements, including:


•      Information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a notice basis. Employees who are in possession of
       inside information are fully aware of their confidentiality obligations;


•      Confidentiality agreements will be entered into when the Company conducts material negotiations;


•      Different operating units have their own reporting channels to report any potential inside information to the
       designated departments; and


•      An executive director is a designated person who speaks on behalf of the Company when communicating with
       external parties such as the media, analysts or investors and responding to external enquiries.


In order to standardize the Company’s capital management and strengthen internal control, the Company has released a
receivables and financing management procedure and supervises its implementation on a real-time basis to ensure that the
Company’s receivables quality and financing costs are at an optimal level, so as to control capital risks effectively.


Based on the internal monitoring review conducted for the year ended 31 December 2023, no material internal monitoring
deficiencies were identified.

                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   53
     Corporate Governance Report




     Internal Audit Function
     The Company has established a professional internal control team, which is responsible for establishing risk management
     and internal control systems, conducting internal audit and advising the Board on internal control. As of the end of the
     Reporting Period, the members of our internal control management team have an average of more than 10 years of
     relevant work experience, and hold relevant professional certificates.


     Effectiveness of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The Board is responsible for overseeing the implementation and management of the Company’s risk management and
     internal control systems and ensuring that the effectiveness of such systems is reviewed annually. The review covered all
     significant controls of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls. The Board has considered certain
     aspects in the review, including but not limited to


     (i)     changes in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks) since the last annual review, and the
             Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment;


     (ii)    the management monitors the scope and effectiveness of the risks (including ESG risks) and internal control systems
             on an ongoing basis;


     (iii)   the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board (or its committees), which helps the
             Board to assess the control and effectiveness of risk management of the issuer;


     (iv)    significant control failures or weaknesses identified during the period, and the extent to which such failures or
             weaknesses have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
             future have, a material impact on the issuer’s financial performance or condition;


     (v)     the effectiveness of the Company’s procedures for financial reporting and compliance with the requirements of the
             Stock Exchange Listing Rules;


     (vi)    the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff, training programmes and budget in respect of the
             accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions of the issuer and the ESG performance and reporting of
             the Company.


     Through its review and the review by its independent audit department and the Audit Committee, the Board concluded
     that the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate. However, such systems are designed to
     manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board also considers that the resources, staff qualifications
     and experience of the relevant staffs are adequate and the training programmes and budget provided are adequate. Having
     conducted the review, the Board was of the view that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company
     were adequate and effective during the Reporting Period.




54   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Anti-corruption
The Company pursues a zero-tolerance policy towards fraudulent acts such as bribery, corruption and embezzlement.
The Company has adopted an “Employee Code of Conduct” that contains relevant requirements for confidentiality,
integrity, conflicts of interest and other guidelines on the code of behaviors. The Company also provides our employees
with education in respect of anti-bribery and anti-corruption through various channels such as compliance training,
and meanwhile publicizing the integrity regulations to our suppliers and entering into the “Anti-bribery Undertaking
Agreement” with suppliers.


Whistle-blowing Policies
We have put in place a whistle-blowing channel where external suppliers, employees and other relevant parties can file
complaints or report violations.


Auditor’s emoluments
The Group’s domestic auditor RSM China (special general partnership) and international auditor RSM Hong Kong are both
independent auditors employed by the Group. The emoluments paid and payable to the domestic and international auditors
of the Group for their services provided during the Reporting Period are set out below:


Items                                                                                                                Charges
                                                                                                                   (RMB’000)


Audit services
－IFRS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                       3,453
－CAS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                          420


Non-audit services (note)                                                                                                577


Note:   The non-audit services mainly include agreed upon procedures service and tax related services.


BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain
diversity of our Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of our Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the
Company seeks to achieve diversity of our Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting
candidates to our Board, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and
education background, ethnicity and length of service. Our Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having
a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in
maintaining our Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract talents and to retain and motivate
employees. We have also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company,
including but not limited to our Board and the senior management levels.




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   55
     Corporate Governance Report




     Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic and business development,
     sales, legal compliance and corporate investment and finance. The ages of our Directors range from 45 years old to
     61 years old, and we have both male and female representatives on the Board, which is in line with the regulations on
     gender diversity of directors in the Listing Rules. Our Nomination Committee will review and assess the composition of the
     Board and make recommendations to the Board on appointment of members of the Board. Meanwhile, our Nomination
     Committee will consider the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including without limitation, professional experience, skills,
     knowledge, education background, age, gender, cultural and ethnicity and length of service, in order to maintain an
     appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and diversity on the Board.


     The Nomination Committee has made below recommendations to the Board on the measurable objectives for the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and Nomination Policy: (1) at least 80% of Board members have college
     education background; (2) at least 80% of Board members have relevant working experiences in China; (3) at least one
     female Director is appointed; and (4) at least one third of the Board members are independent non-executive Directors. The
     Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy and Diversity Profile in due course and at least once every year
     to ensure they are continuously effective from time to time and, if necessary, make any necessary changes and recommend
     any such changes to the Board for consideration and approval. The Board confirmed that the measurable objectives had
     been achieved at the end of the Reporting Period. The Nomination Committee will disclose the implementation of the Board
     Diversity Policy in the Company’s Corporate Governance Report on an annual basis.


     In addition, as of 31 December 2023, the Group had 16,962 employees, including 12,635 male employees and 4,327
     female employees, accounting for 74.5% and 25.5%, respectively. The overall headcount remained stable and satisfied the
     requirement of employee gender diversity. We are aiming to achieve a more balanced gender ratio in the workforce in the
     future and will continue to monitor and evaluate the diversity policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness.
     Our Nomination Committee is delegated by the Board to be responsible for compliance with relevant codes governing
     diversity under the CG Code. Our Nomination Committee will review our diversity policy on an annual basis and to ensure
     its continued effectiveness.


     Board Independence/Mechanism
     The Company has formulated internal policies (including but not limited to the Articles of Association, the Rules of
     Procedures of the Board and the Terms of Reference and Procedures of the Remuneration Committee) to ensure that
     the Board has access to independent views and opinions. These policies cover the Company’s selection procedures and
     selection criteria for the election and appointment of Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), the
     abstention mechanism for voting on relevant resolutions of the Board by related Directors, and the special authorities of
     the independent appointment of external audit institutions and consulting agencies by independent Directors, etc. Upon
     reviewing the implementation of the aforesaid mechanisms, the Board considers that the aforesaid mechanisms are able to
     effectively ensure that the Board is provided with independent views and opinions.




56   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company did not pay or declare any dividends since the Listing Date. The Company currently does not have a pre-
determined dividend payout ratio. The Board may declare and our Company may pay dividend after taking into account our
results of operations, future business development strategies and other factors that may be deemed as relevant.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for each financial
year and ensures that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable
accounting standards. The Board also ensures that the financial statements are published in a timely manner in accordance
with statutory and/or regulatory requirements. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, confirm that they are
not aware of any material uncertainties or circumstances that may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities and opinions on the
financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 82 to 88 of this report.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The Shareholders’ general meeting of the Company is the organ of authority of the Company, which consists of all the
shareholders and exercises its powers in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association
of the Company.


Procedures for Shareholder Request to Convene Extraordinary General Meeting
For a Shareholder request to convene an extraordinary general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in compliance
with the Article 50, 51, 52 and 53.


Pursuant to the Article 50, shareholders holding more than 10% of our Company’s shares, either individually or jointly, shall
be entitled to request and demand the board to convene extraordinary general meetings and shall make written request to
the board. The board shall, in accordance with the requirements of the laws, administrative regulations and the provisions
of the Articles, reply in writing regarding the acceptance or refusal to convene the extraordinary general meeting within ten
(10) days upon receiving the request. If the board agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, notice convening
the meeting shall be issued within five (5) days after the board resolves to do so. Should there be amendments to the
original requests in the notice, consent has to be obtained from the relevant shareholders. If the board does not agree to
convene the extraordinary general meeting or does not reply in writing within ten (10) days upon receiving the request,
shareholders holding more than 10% of shares, either individually or jointly, shall have the right to request the Supervisory
Committee in writing to convene an extraordinary general meeting. If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the
extraordinary general meeting, it shall issue a notice thereof within five (5) days of its receipt of the request, and any
amendment made in the notice to the original proposals shall be subject to the consent of the relevant shareholders. If the
Supervisory Committee fails to issue a notice of the general meeting within a specified period, it shall be deemed that the
Supervisory Committee shall not convene and preside over the general meeting, the shareholder(s) who hold 10% or more
of the shares of the Company either individually or jointly, for a consecutive period of more than 90 days may convene and
preside over the meeting on their own.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      57
     Corporate Governance Report




     Pursuant to the Article 51, Supervisory Committee or shareholders, if decided to convene general meetings on their own,
     shall inform the Board in writing. Prior to the publication of announcement of the shareholders resolutions, holding by the
     convening shareholders shall not be less than 10%. The Supervisory Committee or the convening Shareholders shall submit
     relevant evidence to the stock exchange(s) on which the shares of the Company are listed upon the issuance of the notice
     of the Shareholders’ general meeting and the announcement of the resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meeting.


     Pursuant to the Article 52, the Board and the secretary to the Board should cooperate with the Supervisory Committee or
     shareholders convening general meetings on their own after receiving the notice. The Board shall provide the register of
     shareholders as of the share capital registration day.


     Pursuant to the Article 53, the Company will bear all the necessary and reasonable costs for the general meeting convened
     by the Supervisory Committee or shareholders.


     For a Shareholder request to propose new resolutions at the general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in
     compliance with the Articles 54 and 55.


     Pursuant to the Article 54, the contents of a proposal shall be within the scope of the duties and powers of the general
     meeting, have definite themes and specific matters for resolutions, as well as in compliance with the relevant requirements
     of the laws, administrative regulations, and the Articles of Association.


     Pursuant to the Article 55, in relation to a general meeting convene by the Company, the Board, the Supervisory Committee
     and shareholders separately or aggregately holding more than 3% of the total number of voting shares of the Company
     are entitled to propose motions to the Company in writing. Shareholders holding more than 3% of our Company’s shares
     separately or aggregately shall have the right to put forward new proposals in writing to our Company and submit them
     to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting. The convener shall issue a supplementary notice of
     the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within 2 days after receipt thereof. Except as
     stipulated above, the Company shall not alter the motions listed in the notice of general meeting or add new motions
     after the notice of general meeting has been published. The proposals that have not been set out in the notice of the
     shareholders’ general meeting or that do not comply with Article 54, shall not be voted on or resolved at the shareholders’
     meeting.


     Procedures for Making Enquiries
     Shareholders shall make enquiries with the Company’s H Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, regarding their
     shareholdings, share transfer, registration and payment of dividends as follows:




58   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Tricor Investor Services Limited
Address: 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong


E-mail: is-enquiries@hk.tricorglobal.com


Tel: (852) 2980 1333


Fax: (852) 2810 8185


Shareholders may at any time submit any enquiries to the Company through the Company’s designated contact person,
correspondence address, email address and enquiry hotline:


Recipient: Office of IR of CALB GROUP CO., LTD.


Address: No.1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


E-mail: Ir@calb-tech.com


Tel: 86-0519-68903688-664580


Shareholders are reminded to submit their enquiries with their contact details so that the Company can respond promptly
as it deems appropriate.


Shareholders may propose a resolution at a general meeting to nominate candidates for Directors. According to the Article
96, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings. According to the Article 55, shareholders who individually
or collectively hold more than 3% of the Company’s total number of voting shares shall have the rights to put forward new
proposals in writing to our Company and submit them to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting.
Accordingly, if a Shareholder proposes to nominate a candidate for election as a Director, such notice of intent and a notice
signed by the nominated candidate indicating his/her willingness to accept the appointment shall be duly lodged with the
Company’s registered office for the attention of the Company Secretary and the Board of our Company.


Further information on the procedures for Shareholders to nominate a person for election as a Director is available on the
Company’s website. In addition, the Shareholders or the Company may refer to the above procedures to put forward any
other proposals at the general meetings.


INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Board believes that transparency and timely disclosure of the Company’s information is essential to enhance investor
relations and will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions and have a better understanding
of the Company’s business performance and strategies. The Company is committed to maintaining an on-going dialogue
with shareholders, in particular through annual general meetings and other general meetings. The Chairman of the Board
and the chairmen of the Board Committees will endeavor to meet with the Shareholders at the general meetings to answer
any questions raised by the Shareholders.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       59
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”) which
     aims to ensure transparent, accurate and open communication with Shareholders to ensure that Shareholders’ views and
     concerns are properly addressed and will be reviewed annually to ensure its effectiveness. Pursuant to the requirements of
     the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, Shareholders can communicate with the Company through channels such as the
     Company’s official website, new media platforms, investor relations hotlines, emails, etc., by means of general meetings,
     investor briefings, roadshows, analyst meetings, receptions, and forums.


     The Company also has a website at www.calb-tech.com, with a dedicated “Investor Relations” section containing corporate
     communications documents, listings documents, announcements, reports, company information and other documents
     published by the Company on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for public inspection. The Company’s website
     serves as a platform for communication with shareholders and investors.


     Shareholders and investors may also write to the Company’s principal place of business and headquarters in the PRC at
     No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province or email to Ir@calb-tech.com or call 86-0519-
     68903688-664580 for enquiries. Such enquiries will be fully responded to as soon as possible.


     The Board regularly reviews the Shareholders’ Communication Policy on an annual basis to ensure its effectiveness. After
     reviewing the various measures, the Board is of the view that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy for the year ended
     31 December 2023 has been properly implemented and effective.


     AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY
     On 28 December 2022, the Board proposed to amend the Articles of Association. The amended Articles of Association were
     considered and approved at the extraordinary general meeting on 31 January 2023 and became effective on the same day.
     For details of the amendments to the Articles of Association, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated
     28 December 2022, 6 January 2023 and 31 January 2023. The Articles of Association are available on the websites of the
     Company and the Stock Exchange, respectviely.


     On 29 August 2023, the Board proposed to amend the Articles of Association. The amended Articles of Association were
     considered and approved at the extraordinary general meeting and the class meeting on 1 December 2023 and became
     effective on the same day. For details of the amendments to the Articles of Association, please refer to the announcements
     of the Company dated 29 August 2023, 14 November 2023 and 1 December 2023. The Articles of Association are available
     on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, respectviely.


     CHANGE OF COMPANY NAME
     On 28 December 2022, the Board proposed to change the Chinese name of the Company from “中創新航科技股份有限公
     司” to “中創新航科技集團股份有限公司”, and the resolution regarding the change of company name was considered and
     approved at the extraordinary general meeting on 31 January 2023. On 17 February 2023, the Company received a new
     business license dated 17 February 2023 from Changzhou Municipal Administration of Market Regulation, and the new
     Chinese name of the Company became effective on the same date. For details of the change of company name, please
     refer to the announcements of the Company dated 28 December 2022, 6 January 2023, 31 January 2023 and 17 February
     2023.




60   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Directors’ Report

The Board of the Company is pleased to present this Directors’ Report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is a joint stock limited company incorporated in Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province under the Company Law
of the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022. The Group is mainly engaged in the design,
R&D, production and sales of EV batteries and ESS products. The Group has built a comprehensive energy operation system
to provide perfect product solutions and full life cycle management for the all-scenario application market of new energy
represented by power and energy storage.


Details of the business of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in the financial statements. There was no material change
in the nature of the Company’s principal activities for the year ended 31 December 2023. For further discussion and analysis
on principal activities, please refer to the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the Group’s results for the year, a discussion and analysis of key factors related to its financial position and the
prospects of the Group’s business are set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report,
respectively.


RESULTS
The operating results of the Group for the reporting period are set out in the “Financial Review” section of this annual
report.


RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
•         Market risk
          With the rapid development of the global new energy industry, major enterprises will compete for market share
          and technology leadership through competition in technology research and development, manufacturing cost
          control and market expansion. However, the cycle and effectiveness of market development will also be affected by
          multiple factors such as customers’ overall strategic planning, market preference and competitors. If the progress of
          customer expansion is slower than expected or the customer expansion fails, the future operating performance of
          the Company will be adversely affected.


          The Company put forward the strategic goal of “reducing costs, increasing volume and attracting customers”
          and stayed customer-centric to serve customers, deeply cultivate customers and help customers to succeed; at
          the same time, the Company actively expanded overseas markets, accelerated overseas industrial layout, actively
          expanded market business in the field of energy storage, and researched and developed battery recycling and reuse
          technologies.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       61
     Directors’ Report




     •      International operation risk
            The Company actively expanded overseas markets, established subsidiaries and built new factories overseas. In
            the event of geopolitical conflicts, the implementation of policies such as increased tariffs or non-tariff barriers, or
            the Company’s failure to identify overseas local laws and regulations and operational risks, the Company’s local
            operations may be adversely affected.


            In order to reduce the risk of international operation, the Company will continue to improve the operation and
            management level of overseas business, identify possible risks in overseas business, formulate risk response
            strategies, and formulate relevant management standards and policies in line with local laws, regulations and
            customs.


     •      Climate change policy risks
            It has become a global consensus to actively respond to climate change. Under this background, the whole new
            energy industry chain will also face risks in policies and laws, market and technology, reputation and entities arising
            from climate change. For example, the EU’s New Battery Law took the lead in proposing mandatory requirements
            in four aspects: sustainability and safety, labeling and information, battery waste management, and electronic
            information exchange. If the Company fails to identify risks and opportunities related to climate change in a timely
            manner and take effective response measures, it may result in loss of revenue and market share.


            The Company has established an ESG management structure to identify the risks and opportunities of climate
            change, and established a carbon management team to be responsible for carbon management policy research,
            carbon footprint management and disclosure, etc. The Company obtained China’s first carbon footprint certificate
            based on the EU Battery Product Environmental Footprint Category Rules (PEFCR) and ISO14067, passed the
            ISO14064 Verification Statement of Greenhouse Gas, and was successfully selected as a national green factory.


            For other risks and uncertainties, please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements.




62   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




FINANCIAL REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the key factors relating to the financial position of the Group during the year is set out in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 41 to the consolidated
financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


DIVIDENDS
The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is not exposed to any significant environmental risks. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not subject to
any fines or other penalties for the non-compliance with environmental protection laws and regulations.


Further details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company are set out in the “2023 Environmental,
Social and Governance Report” which is to be published on the same day with this report.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE
The Group may be involved in various legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations in the ordinary course of business
from time to time. Save as disclosed in this report and during the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any
legal proceedings, arbitration or litigation which, in our opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the ordinary
business, financial condition or results of operations and, to our knowledge, there is no risk of any such legal proceedings,
arbitrations or administrative litigations.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       63
     Directors’ Report




     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022. The Company
     issued a total of 265,845,300 ordinary shares of RMB1.00 each at a price of HK$38.00 per share under the Global Offering,
     and total proceeds from the listing amounted to HK$10,102.12 million. After deducting the underwriting fees, commissions
     and estimated expenses, the total net proceeds from the listing amounted to approximately HK$9,980.10 million. The listing
     proceeds are and will continue to be utilized in accordance with the plans disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans
     and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022 (the “Prospectus”), namely:


                                                                                                  Amount
                                                                              Net amount       utilized for    Net amount
                                            Approximate                        unutilized       the twelve       unutilized Expected
                                             percentage     Net proceeds             as at months ended               as at timeline
                                             of total net from the listing   31 December     31 December      31 December for balance of
     Items                                     proceeds available for use            2022             2023            2023 net proceeds
                                                     (%) (in HK$ million) (in HK$ million) (in HK$ million) (in HK$ million)


     To fund part of the expenditure for
       the construction of new
       production facilities of the
       Company in Chengdu Phase I
       Project,Wuhan Phase II
       Project,Hefei Phase I and II
       Project,Guangdong Jiangmen
       Phase I Project and Sichuan
       Meishan Project,totalling 95GWh
       of EV batteries and energy storage
       system production lines                      80.0         7,984.08        4,266.03         3,428.94           837.09 By 31 December 2024
     For advanced technologies research
       and development                              10.0          998.01           998.01           998.01                –    –
     For working capital and general
       corporate purposes                           10.0          998.01           965.77           965.77                –    –


     Total                                         100.0         9,980.10        6,229.81         5,392.72           837.09


     Save as disclosed above, the Group has not utilized any other proceeds from the listing since the Listing Date and will
     continue to gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with the intended use as set out in the Prospectus.
     The expected timeline is based on the Company’s current best estimate of future market conditions and business
     operations, and will be subject to adjustment according to the development of future market conditions and actual business
     needs.




64   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as of 31 December 2023 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 43 to the financial statements, respectively.


The Group’s reserves available for distribution as at 31 December 2023, calculated in accordance with the applicable laws
of the PRC, the place of incorporation of the Company, amounted to approximately RMB714,804,000.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in note
19 to the consolidated financial statements.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of sales amount and purchase amount of the Group’s major customers and suppliers for the year ended 31
December 2023 are as follows:


Sales amount

– The largest customer                              28.8%
– Total of the five largest customers               71.3%


Purchase amount

– The largest supplier                              13.4%
– Total of the five largest suppliers               40.6%


The Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of
the Company’s issued share capital) do not have any interest in any of the abovementioned major suppliers or customers.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
The Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreement in 2023 and no such agreement existed at the end of 2023.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company maintained appropriate liability insurance for Directors and officers of the Company and such permitted
indemnity provision for the benefit of Directors is still in force and continued to be in force for the year ended 31 December
2023. Apart from this, the Company had no other valid permitted indemnity provisions during the Reporting Period and at
the time of approval as at the date of this annual report.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       65
     Directors’ Report




     ISSUED DEBENTURE
     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue corporate bonds.


     DONATION
     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made charitable and other donations totalling RMB80,000.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
     Company was entered into or existed for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report are:


     Executive Directors
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (chairwoman and president)
     Mr. Dai Ying


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhou Sheng
     Mr. Zhang Guoqing
     Mr. Li Yunxiang


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wu Guangquan
     Mr. Wang Susheng
     Mr. Chen Zetong


     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has provided a written confirmation to confirm his independence from
     the Company under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Upon assessment, the Company considers each of the
     independent non-executive Directors to be independent.




66   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
All of the executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and Supervisors of the Company have entered into
service contracts or letters of appointment with the Company, respectively. The term of office of each Director is thereafter
renewed annually by mutual consent, unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ prior
written notice. In accordance with Articles 96 and 106 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors shall
be elected or replaced at the general meetings, with a term of three years. Upon expiry of the term of office, the Directors
may be re-elected, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed six years (unless the term of office of
an independent Director is otherwise provided for by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the exchange where
the Company’s shares are listed).


None of the Directors or Supervisors who are to be re-elected at the annual general meeting has entered into any service
contract with the Group which may not be terminated by the Group within a year without payment of any compensation
(other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the Directors, the Directors of the Company’s subsidiaries or their respective associates has an interest in any
business which competes or is likely to compete (whether directly or indirectly) with the business of the Company and
its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023 (except for directors and/or directors of their subsidiaries and their
respective associates).


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party to any
arrangement enabling the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of equity or debt securities, including
the debentures of the Company or any other body corporate during the year ended 31 December 2023.


Continuing Connected Transactions
Details of the Group’s continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


I.     Sales Framework Agreement
       On 10 November 2022, the Company entered into the sales framework agreement (the “Sales Framework
       Agreement”) with CALB USA, the distributor in the USA, pursuant to which the Group will sell EV batteries to CALB
       USA for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2023. The sales prices
       for EV batteries are determined with reference to the sales price to our domestic clients and taking into account
       of the price premium of the U.S. market. As CALB USA is owned as to 40% by Luoyang Company and hence an
       associate of Jintan Holding, therefore CALB USA is a connected person of the Company. The transactions with CALB
       USA constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company.


       The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB60
       million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately RMB25.25
       million.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      67
     Directors’ Report




            On 28 March 2023, Luoyang Company entered into the sales framework agreement with the Company (the “Sales
            Framework Agreement”), under which the Group will sell Lithium Batteries components and related products
            (such as battery cells) to Luoyang Company and its associates for a term from the date when the agreement is
            signed by both parties to 31 December 2023, which has been renewed on the extraordinary general meeting held
            on 31 January 2024. The prices of Lithium Batteries components and related products provided by the Group
            to Luoyang Company and its associates are determined primarily by arm’s length negotiations with reference to
            market prices and sales prices of similar products offered by the Group to other independent third-party customers,
            taking into account the costs plus a reasonable profit margin. As at the date of the Sales Framework Agreement
            Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 25.54% issued Shares of the Company and is one of the
            substantial shareholders of the Company. Luoyang Company is indirectly owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology
            and Jincheng Technology is wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a substantial shareholder of the Company, and hence
            Luoyang Company is an associate of Jintan Holding and a connected person of the Company. Therefore, the
            transaction with Luoyang Company constitutes continuing connected transactions.


            The Directors are of the view that the transactions under the Sales Framework Agreement are to the benefit of our
            Company because (i) Luoyang Company and its associates have thorough understanding of our products; and (ii)
            both sides have established a mutual trust relationship during the past cooperation. It takes time to find suitable
            substitute in the market with mutual trust, and therefore it is cost-effective to continue cooperation, which is
            mutually beneficial for both parties.


            The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB200
            million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately RMB163.96
            million.


     II.    Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement
            On 10 November 2022, Luoyang Company entered into the entrusted processing framework agreement with the
            Company (the “Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agrees to
            entrust Luoyang Company and Luoyang Company agrees to provide processing services of EV battery products and
            ESS products (collectively referred to as “Lithium Batteries”) for the Company for a term of one year commencing
            from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2023, which has been renewed on the extraordinary general
            meeting held on 31 January 2024. Luoyang Company will be responsible for the raw materials, front line workers
            and technicians whose licences and qualifications are recognized by us and completing the production and
            processing. The fees to be paid for Lithium Batteries are determined with reference to the cost of processing and
            producing Lithium Batteries and the prevailing market price of processing services in the same or proximity areas
            charged by independent third parties. The Group and Luoyang Company will also enter into specific entrusted
            processing agreement in respect of the detailed terms of the processing services. As at the date of entering into the
            Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement, Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 25.54% issued
            Shares of the Company and is one of the substantial shareholders of the Company. Luoyang Company is indirectly
            owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and Jincheng Technology is wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a substantial
            shareholder of the Company, and hence Luoyang Company is an associate of Jintan Holding and a connected person
            of the Company. Therefore, the transaction with Luoyang Company constitutes continuing connected transactions.




68   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




       The Directors are of the view that the transactions under the Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement are to the
       benefit of the Company because entrusted processing arrangement between the Company and Luoyang Company
       can, on the one hand, supplement the Company’s current production capacities by utilizing the production
       capacities of Luoyang Company to meet the increasing demand of the Group’s customers and, on the other hand, it
       is conducive to Luoyang Company in respect of the delivery of delineated orders.


       The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB4,200
       million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately RMB1,956.18
       million.


III.   The General Contracting Agreements for Construction Projects
       On 15 December 2020, 30 September 2021, 29 April 2021 and 27 August 2021, the members of the Group, as
       the developer and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction as the contractor, entered into certain general contracting
       agreements, respectively, for construction projects including the industrial park of the Company, the laboratory
       building of Jiangsu Research Institute, the newly established EV batteries project of the Company and the production
       and living facilities of the newly established EV batteries project of the Company for a term ranging from 521 days
       to 720 days, pursuant to which, Jiangsu Chengdong Construction will provide the general contracting services for
       design, procurement, and construction for certain industrial parks or buildings of the Group. Jiangsu Chengdong
       Construction is a company owned as to approximately 54.18% by Changzhou Zhongcheng Industrial Co., Ltd.* (常
       州眾成實業發展有限公司), which is wholly owned by Jinsha Investment, being a Substantial Shareholder. Therefore,
       Jiangsu Chengdong Construction is an associate of Jinsha Investment and a connected person of our Company
       and the transactions with Jiangsu Chengdong Construction constitute continuing connected transactions. These
       agreements have been classified as aggregated under the Listing Rules.


       The amount charged by Jiangsu Chengdong Construction under the General Contracting Agreements for
       Construction Projects is determined through bidding procedure with reference to the prices charged by independent
       third parties in the area or nearby areas where similar engineering and construction services are provided in the
       ordinary and usual course business at the relevant time.


       The Directors believe that general contracting services provided by Jiangsu Chengdong Construction in respect
       of design, procurement and construction to certain industrial park or buildings of our Group are in line with our
       strategy and expansion plan, and lay a solid foundation for the long-term development of our Group, which will
       have a positive impact on the current and future performance of our Group.


       The annual cap for above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2023 was RMB357.75
       million. The actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2023 was approximately RMB130.38 million.


Confirmation of Independent Non-executive Directors
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the abovementioned
continuing connected transactions and, after taking into consideration of factors such as market environment, transaction
amounts and corporate governance, confirmed that they were entered into by the Group: (i) in the ordinary course of
business; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on
terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      69
     Directors’ Report




     Confirmation of Auditor
     The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
     Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
     Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The auditor has issued a letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the abovementioned
     continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, and concluded that:


     (i)     nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the abovementioned continuing
             connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


     (ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
             causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
             policies of the Group;


     (iii)   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not carried out, in
             all material respects, in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and


     (iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
             attention that causes the auditor to believe that the amounts have exceeded the related annual caps for the year
             ended 31 December 2023.


     A copy of the auditor’s letter on the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023
     has been provided to the Company.


     The related party transactions mentioned in Note 48 to the consolidated financial statements do not constitute connected
     transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules except
     for those connected transactions between the Group and their connected persons as disclosed above which constituted
     connected transaction or continuing connected transactions, and the Company has complied with the disclosure
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which
     are required to be disclosed by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 in accordance with the disclosure
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
     No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
     which a Director, a Supervisor or any entity in connection with any Director or Supervisor had a material interest, whether
     directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2023.


     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     There is no Shareholder of the Company holding more than 30% of the voting rights of the Company.



70   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                     Directors’ Report




PURCHASE, SALE OR REPURCHASE OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during
the Reporting Period.


EMOLUMENT POLICY
As at 31 December 2023, the total number of employees of the Group was 16,962. Staff costs (including Directors’
remuneration) of the Group for the year of 2023 amounted to approximately RMB2,474,444,000, and the total
remuneration of the Group’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management in 2023 amounted to approximately
RMB73,009,000. The staff costs include basic remuneration, bonuses and employee benefits.


The Company has established and constantly improved the remuneration and benefit management system, with a positive
aim to build a remuneration and benefit system with both external competitiveness and internal fairness on the principle
of “position-based remuneration and contribution-linked bonus”. The Company has set up a fair and open promotion
platform for its employees, comprehensively assessing employees’ promotion opportunities, their professional competence,
performance and values, and analyzing employees’ comprehensive capabilities and potentials. The Company has developed
a salary adjustment system with external competitiveness, internal fairness and individual balance to maximize the potential
of the team and individuals. The Company distributes bonuses based on contribution. By comprehensively evaluating the
achievement of the company-level and each system’s operating targets, and the achievement of the labor cost targets of
each system, the Company distributes the bonuses according to the performance contributions.


EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Details of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management are set out in note 16 and note 48 to the
consolidated financial statements.


FIVE HIGHEST-PAID EMPLOYEES
Details of the five highest-paid individuals are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
The non-competition agreement dated 2 March 2022 was entered into by each member of Jintan Group in favor of the
Company (for the Company and as trustee for each of its subsidiaries), as further described under the section headed
“Relationship with Jintan Group – Non-Competition Agreement” in the Prospectus.


The Company has received an annual declaration in writing from each member of Jintan Group confirming that it had
complied with the non-competition undertakings provided to the Company under the non-competition agreement. The
independent non-executive Directors reviewed the status of compliance and enforcement of the non-competition agreement
and confirmed that all the undertakings thereunder have been complied with for the year ended 31 December 2023.


RELATIONS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The success of the Group relies on the support of important relations such as employees, suppliers and customers. The
Company maintains a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers in order to ensure smooth business
operation.



                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   71
     Directors’ Report




     Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
     Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
     Corporations
     As at 31 December 2023, the long positions and short positions in our Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our
     Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) our Directors, Supervisors or chief
     executive of our Company have or are taken or deemed to have (a) which shall be notified to us and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to
     be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to
     the Supervisors) are as follows:


                                                                                                               Percentage of      Percentage of
                                                                                                               shareholdings      shareholdings
      Name of Directors,                                                                                        in respective              in the
      Supervisors or chief                                    Nature of        Class of        Number of       class of share         total share
      executive                            Position           interests    shares held       shares held(1)          capital(2)          capital(3)


      Liu Jingyu                  Executive director Beneficial owner Domestic Shares            1,640,913              0.11%              0.09%
      Dai Ying                    Executive director Beneficial owner Domestic Shares            1,151,168              0.08%              0.06%


     Notes:

     (1)      All interests above represent long positions.

     (2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2023 (i.e.
              1,506,456,558 Domestic Shares and 265,845,300 H Shares).

     (3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as
              at 31 December 2023.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of our Company
     had or was taken or deemed to have the long positions and short positions in our Shares, underlying Shares or debentures
     of our Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (a) which shall be notified to
     us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to
     section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us
     and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted
     as if they applied to the Supervisors).




72   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




Interests and Short Positions of Major Shareholders and Other Persons in the
Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
As at 31 December 2023, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors, Supervisors
or the chief executive of the Company) had the interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which shall
be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required to
be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                                shareholdings     Percentage of
                                                                                                                 in respective    shareholdings
                                                                             Class of            Number of      class of share       in the total
Name of Shareholder                     Nature of Interests                  shares            shares held(1)        capital(2)   share capital(3)


Jinsha Investment(7)                    Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   252,130,281(L)       16.74%(L)          14.23%(L)
                                        Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares    8,642,400(L)         0.57%(L)           0.49%(L)
Huake Engineering(7)                    Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   98,658,313(L)         6.55%(L)           5.57%(L)
Huake Investment         (7)
                                        Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   77,785,163(L)         5.16%(L)           4.39%(L)
Jintan Hualuogeng(4) & (7)              Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   176,443,476(L)       11.71%(L)           9.96%(L)
Jintan Holding     (5), (6) & (7)
                                        Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   428,573,757(L)       28.45%(L)          24.18%(L)
                                        Others                                                 24,000,000(L)         1.59%(L)           1.35%(L)
Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment         Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   141,866,141(L)        9.42%(L)           8.00%(L)
  Management Co., Ltd.(8)
Lihang Jinzhi(8)                        Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   141,866,141(L)        9.42%(L)           8.00%(L)
Xiamen Industrial Investment(9)         Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   37,580,435(L)         2.49%(L)           2.12%(L)
                                        Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   141,866,141(L)        9.42%(L)           8.00%(L)
Jinyuan Investment(9)                   Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   37,580,435(L)         2.49%(L)           2.12%(L)
                                        Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   216,229,145(L)       14.35%(L)          12.20%(L)
Chengfei Integration(10)                Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   151,145,867(L)       10.03%(L)           8.53%(L)
AVIC   (10)
                                        Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   163,970,995(L)       10.88%(L)           9.25%(L)
Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd.(11)   Interest in controlled corporation   H SHARES          46,772,900(L)        17.59%(L)           2.64%(L)
Hua An Fund Management Co.,Ltd.,        Others                               H SHARES          42,831,600(L)        16.11%(L)           2.42%(L)
  representing HUAAN-XJ7-QDII,
  HUAAN-XJ8-QDII, HUAAN-XJ10-QDII and
  HUAAN-XJ12-QDII(11)
HUAAN-XJ8-QDII – SINGLE ASSET           Beneficial owner                     H SHARES          20,449,400(L)         7.69%(L)           1.15%(L)
  MANAGEMENT PLAN(11)
HUAAN-XJ12-QDII – SINGLE ASSET          Beneficial owner                     H SHARES          20,285,900(L)         7.63%(L)           1.14%(L)
  MANAGEMENT PLAN(11)
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd(12)          Interest in controlled corporation   H SHARES          31,931,800(L)        12.01%(L)           1.80%(L)
                                                                             H SHARES           5,486,200(S)         2.06%(S)           0.31%(S)




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023            73
     Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                   Percentage of
                                                                                                                                   shareholdings        Percentage of
                                                                                                                                    in respective       shareholdings
                                                                                                    Class of     Number of         class of share          in the total
      Name of Shareholder                                 Nature of Interests                       shares     shares held   (1)
                                                                                                                                        capital   (2)
                                                                                                                                                        share capital(3)


      J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC                          Interest in controlled corporation        H SHARES    4,333,400(L)            1.63%(L)              0.24%(L)
                                                                                                    H SHARES    1,260,400(S)            0.47%(S)              0.07%(S)
                                                          Persons with a security interest in the   H SHARES   25,236,700(L)            9.49%(L)              1.42%(L)
                                                          Shares
      Tianqi Lithium HK Co., Limited                      Beneficial owner                          H SHARES   20,217,200(L)            7.60%(L)              1.14%(L)
      CCB Principal Asset Management Co., Ltd.            Investment manager                        H SHARES   16,696,500(L)            6.28%(L)              0.94%(L)
           (representing CCB Principal Overseas Nuggets
           No. 92 Single Asset Management Plan)
      Zijin Mining Group Co. Ltd(13)                      Interest in controlled corporation        H SHARES   16,525,800(L)            6.22%(L)              0.93%(L)
      Gold Mountains (H.K.) International Mining          Beneficial owner                          H SHARES   16,525,800(L)            6.22%(L)              0.93%(L)
           Company Limited(13)
      Wang Sing International Resources Limited           Beneficial owner                          H SHARES   16,359,500(L)            6.15%(L)              0.92%(L)
      Sunshine Life Insurance Co.,Ltd.                    Interest in controlled corporation        H SHARES   14,885,700(L)            5.60%(L)              0.84%(L)
      Hefei Beicheng Construction Investment              Beneficial owner                          H SHARES   13,718,100(L)            5.16%(L)              0.77%(L)
           (Group) Company Ltd.


     Notes:

     (1)          (L), (S) and (P) represent long position, short position and lending pool respectively.

     (2)         The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2023 (i.e.
                 1,506,456,558 Domestic Shares and 265,845,300 H Shares).

     (3)         The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2023 (i.e.
                 1,772,301,858 shares).

     (4)         Each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Hualuogeng. Jintan Hualuogeng is deemed to be interested in
                 the Shares held by each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

     (5)         Jinsha Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Jintan Hualuogeng is owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding. Jintan Holding is a state-
                 owned enterprise and controlled by the Government of Jintan District. Jintan Holding is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each
                 of Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

     (6)         The investment by Jintan International in our Company was made in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding and Jintan
                 International exercises its voting rights in our Company in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding.

     (7)         Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International, Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding are a group of largest
                 Shareholders and directly or indirectly control an aggregate of approximately 25.54% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (8)         Lihang Jinzhi is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC with Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co.,
                 Ltd.* (廈門鋰航股權投資管理有限公司) being its general partner and Xiamen Industrial Investment being its limited partner. According to
                 the partnership agreement of Lihang Jinzhi which provides, among other things, that the investment decision committee of Lihang Jinzhi
                 shall comprise three members, of which Xiamen Industrial Investment shall be entitled to nominate two members, and Xiamen Industrial
                 Investment exercises de facto control of Lihang Jinzhi. As such, Xiamen Industrial Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
                 by Lihang Jinzhi under the SFO. Xiamen Industrial Investment directly owns approximately 2.49% interests in our Company and therefore
                 Xiamen Industrial Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 10.12% of our Company’s voting rights.


74   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




(9)    Xiamen Industrial Investment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jinyuan Investment and as such Jinyuan Investment is deemed to be interested
       in all the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi and Xiamen Industrial Investment under the SFO. Moreover, each of Xiamen Jinli No. 2 and Jinli
       Investment owns approximately 1.59% and 0.85% interests in our Company respectively. Xiamen Jinli No. 2 is a limited partnership with
       Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) being its general partner. Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity
       Investment Co., Ltd* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. Jinli Investment is a limited partnership
       with Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金圓資本管理(廈門)有限公司) being its general partner. Jinyuan Capital Management
       (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金圓資本管理(廈門)有限公司) is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. As such, Jinyuan Investment is also
       deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of Xiamen Jinli No.2 and Jinli Investment under the SFO. Jinyuan Investment directly
       owns approximately 2.49% interests in our Company and therefore Jinyuan Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of
       approximately 14.32% of our Company’s voting rights.

(10)   Chengfei Integration is a joint stock limited company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002190) and
       ultimately controlled by AVIC. As such, AVIC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Chengfei Integration under the SFO. Moreover,
       each of Aviation Industry Integration Fund, Missile Academy, Aviation Investment and Hongdu Airline owns approximately 0.80%, 0.65%,
       0.11% and 0.09% interests in our Company respectively, and each of the above companies and partnerships is ultimately controlled by AVIC,
       which is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by such companies and partnerships under the SFO. Therefore, AVIC indirectly
       controls an aggregate of approximately 9.25% of our Company’s voting rights.

(11)   HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd is the asset manager of (1) HUAAN-XJ7-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN, (2) HUAAN-XJ8-QDII-
       SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN, (3) HUAAN-XJ10-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and (4) HUAAN-XJ12 – QDII-SINGLE ASSET
       MANAGEMENT PLAN and is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by abovementioned four assets management plans under the SFO.
       Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. held 43% of the equity interest in HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd and is deemed to be interested in the
       Shares held by HuaAn Fund Management Co. under the SFO.

(12)   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. held 100% interests in Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited. Huatai International Financial
       Holdings Company Limited held 100% interests in Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited and Huatai Capital Investment Limited.
       Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited held 7,043,100 H Shares in long position. Huatai Capital Investment Limited held 24,888,700
       H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position. Therefore, Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited is
       deemed to be interested in 35,742,700 H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position and Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. is
       deemed to be interested in 31,931,800 H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position under the SFO.

(13)   Gold Mountains (H.K.) International Mining Company Limited is held as to 100% by Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. Therefore, Zijin Mining
       Group Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 16,525,800 H Shares in long position under the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions under the Articles of Association and the laws of the PRC which oblige the Company to offer pre-
emptive rights of new shares to existing shareholders based on their shareholding proportion.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Group is not aware of any tax relief and exemption to the holders of any securities of the Company as a result of their
holding of such securities.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023          75
     Directors’ Report




     PENSION SCHEME
     The employees of the subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to participate in a central pension scheme managed by
     the local municipal government in Mainland China. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a prescribed percentage of
     the relevant part of the payroll of these employees to the central pension scheme. The Group has no obligation for the
     payment of retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they
     become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme. No forfeited contributions are available to
     reduce the contribution pavable by the Group in the future years.


     SHARE SCHEME
     Summary of Share Scheme

                            2019 Equity Incentive Scheme           2020 Equity Incentive Scheme                          2021 Equity Incentive Scheme(2)


     Purpose                To grant share awards to stimulate To provide an approach for the Company To provide an approach for the
                            the enthusiasm and creativity of the to grant share awards to the key employees Company to grant share awards to
                            key employees, enhance their sense of so as to stimulate their enthusiasm and                the key employees so as to stimulate
                            responsibility and mission of realizing creativity, enhance the sense of responsibility their enthusiasm and creativity,
                            the Company’s long-term sustainable and mission of the key employees to enhance the sense of responsibility
                            and healthy development, and ensure realize long-term sustainable and healthy and mission of the key employees
                            the realization of the Company’s       development of the Company, and ensure the to realize long-term sustainable and
                            strategic goals.                       realization of the Company’s strategic goals.         healthy development of the Company,
                                                                                                                         and ensure the realization of the
                                                                                                                         Company’s strategic goals.


     Participants           The participants of the equity shares Eligible participants of the 2020 Equity               Eligible participants of the 2021
                            are the Company’s core senior          Incentive Scheme include senior management, Equity Incentive Scheme include senior
                            executives who have a key role in the middle management, key technical personnel management, middle management,
                            Company’s overall performance and      and key business personnel (excluding                 key technical personnel and key
                            medium to long-term development.       independent Directors and supervisors) who b u s i n e s s p e r s o n n e l ( e x c l u d i n g
                                                                   have entered into employment contracts with independent Directors and supervisors)
                                                                   the Company and whose latest performance who have entered into employment
                                                                   evaluation results are qualified.                     contracts with the Company and
                                                                                                                         whose latest performance evaluation
                                                                                                                         results are qualified.


     Maximum individual     Not to exceed 1% of the Company’s      Not to exceed 1% of the Company’s issued Not to exceed 1% of the Company’s
       entitlement of a     issued Shares on the date of adoption Shares on the date of adoption of the 2020 issued Shares on the date of adoption
       participant          of the 2019 Equity Incentive Scheme.   Equity Incentive Scheme.                              of the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme.


     Lock-up period(1)      Five years                             Five years                                            Five years




76   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                      Directors’ Report




                      2019 Equity Incentive Scheme             2020 Equity Incentive Scheme                     2021 Equity Incentive Scheme(2)


Amount payable        The price paid by the shareholders of RMB1.0293 per share                                 RMB41.67 per share
for acceptance of Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment for
awards(3)             subscribing for the incentive shares
                      was the same as the price at which
                      Lihang Jinzhi subscribed for the
                      Company’s new registered capital on
                      29 July 2019.


Incentive Shares      The number of incentive Shares           The number of incentive Shares granted by        The number of incentive Shares
Granted               granted by our Company to our the Company to our Directors and senior granted to the incentive recipients (all
                      Directors and members of the senior management of our Company and other                   employees not being our Directors or
                      management of the Company under participants under the 2020 Equity Incentive senior management of our Group)
                      the 2019 Equity Incentive Scheme Scheme is 6,103,389 Shares and 13,143,508 under the 2021 Equity Incentive
                      were a total of 939,512 Shares,          Shares, respectively, representing 0.34% and Scheme by the Company is 8,642,400
                      representing 0.05% of the issued         0.74% of the issued Shares of the Company, Shares, representing 0.49% of the
                      Share capital of the Company.            respectively.                                    issued Share of the Company.


Basis of Determination The price was determined with The price of the incentive shares under the As agreed by all parties, and mainly
of Purchase Price     reference to the higher of the           2020 Equity Incentive Scheme was determined based on the appraisal result issued
                      Company’s net asset value as of 30 after taking into consideration of the following by the asset appraisal agency and filed
                      June 2018 or 30 June 2019 as valued factors (whichever is higher):                        with state-owned assets authorities,
                      by a third party valuer, the valuation                                                    the price of the incentive Shares
                      reports of which were filed with the (1)       at the time when Xiamen Industrial granted under the 2021 Equity
                      State-owned Assets Supervision and             Investment subscribed for the increased Incentive Scheme was RMB41.67/
                      Administration Department.                     registered capital of the Company          Share, which was the same as the
                                                                     (hereinafter referred to as the “Previous price of the strategic investors’ capital
                                                                     Capital Increase”), the appraised value increase introduced by the Company
                                                                     of the Company was RMB6.397 billion in the same period.
                                                                     (the corresponding price of capital
                                                                     increase was RMB1.0003/Share). As of
                                                                     31 August 2020, the price of capital
                                                                     increase was revised according to the
                                                                     premium of 4.35% annual interest
                                                                     rate, and the calculation method is as
                                                                     follows: the price of capital increase
                                                                     = the price of the Previous Capital
                                                                     Increase + (the price of the Previous
                                                                     Capital Increase × (4.35%÷12) ×8),
                                                                     and the price of capital increase was
                                                                     RMB1.0293/Share; and




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023            77
     Directors’ Report




                            2019 Equity Incentive Scheme          2020 Equity Incentive Scheme                     2021 Equity Incentive Scheme(2)


                                                                  (2)   the appraised value of the Company
                                                                        as of 31 December 2019 as valued
                                                                        by an independent third party valuer
                                                                        was RMB6.51478 billion, which has
                                                                        not taken into account the amount
                                                                        of the Previous Capital Increase and
                                                                        as such, the corresponding price was
                                                                        RMB1.0185/Share. If the amount of
                                                                        RMB600 million of the Previous Capital
                                                                        Increase and the registered capital of
                                                                        the Company after the capital increase
                                                                        (i.e. RMB6.99655 billion) was taken into
                                                                        account, the corresponding price would
                                                                        be RMB1.0169/Share.


     Remaining validity     N/A                                   N/A                                              N/A
       period of
       the scheme


                            The terms of the 2019 Equity Incentive The terms of the 2020 Equity Incentive          The terms of the 2021 Equity
                            Scheme are not subject to the         Scheme are not subject to the provisions of Incentive Scheme are not subject
                            provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules as the 2020 to the provisions of Chapter 17
                            Rules as the 2019 Equity Incentive    Equity Incentive Scheme does not involve share   of the Listing Rules as the 2021
                            Scheme does not involve share options options granted by our Company after Listing. Equity Incentive Scheme does not
                            granted by the Company after Listing. Given that the relevant Shares under the 2020 involve share options granted by the
                            Given that the Shares under the Equity Incentive Scheme have been issued,              Company after Listing. Given that the
                            2019 Equity Incentive Scheme have there will be no dilutive effect on the Shares relevant Shares under the 2021 Equity
                            been issued, there will be no dilutive outstanding upon vesting of the awards under Incentive Scheme have been issued,
                            effect on the Shares outstanding      the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme. No further there will be no dilutive effect on the
                            upon vesting of the awards under the awards under the 2020 Equity Incentive            Shares outstanding upon vesting of
                            2019 Equity Incentive Scheme. No      Scheme will be granted by the Company after the awards under the 2021 Equity
                            further awards under the 2019 Equity Listing.                                          Incentive Scheme. No further awards
                            Incentive Scheme will be granted by                                                    under the 2021 Equity Incentive
                            the Company after Listing.                                                             Scheme will be granted by the
                                                                                                                   Company after Listing.




78   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




Description:

(1)          Participants do not directly obtain equity through Equity Incentive Scheme, but indirectly hold the corresponding incentive shares through the
             shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore, the vesting period is not applicable to such Equity Incentive Scheme. Pursuant to the scheme
             provisions of the respective equity incentive, the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association, and the rules and regulations of the
             jurisdictions where the shares of the Company are listed regarding the lock-up period, the incentive shares held by the incentive recipients
             (including the interests in the partnership directly held and the shares of the Company indirectly held), except in special circumstances, shall
             not be transferred or sold within 5 years in principle.

(2)          The 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme was terminated in December 2023, and the senior management of the Company and Jiangsu Jintan
             Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* jointly established Changzhou Changjin New Energy Partnership (Limited Partnership) as a shareholding
             platform, to acquire 8,642,400 shares of the Company held by Changzhou Lihang Kaibo No. 11 at a total price of RMB360.1 million (i.e.
             RMB41.67 per share).

(3)          The period within which payments or calls must or may be made and loans for such purposes must be repaid are not applicable for above
             three equity incentive schemes.

(4)          For further information, please refer to the section “Appendix VI – Statutory and General Information” in the Prospectus of the Company.


The changes of shares acquired under the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out below:


                                                    Number of                                                                      Number
                                                     shares not                                                                   of shares
                                                    yet granted                                                                   involved
                                                          as at    Acquired          Vested       Cancelled         Lapsed            as at
                                                     1 January    during the     during the      during the      during the   31 December          Lock-up
 Category                      Aquisition date(1)         2023        year(2)         year(3)          year            year           2023         period(4)


 Ms. Liu Jingyu
      (executive Director)     10 April 2023                 0       36,521                –              –               –               0       Five years
 Five highest paid
      individuals during the
      Reporting Period (5)     28 May 2023                   0       18,261                –              –               –               0       Five years
 Others (Total)(6)                                           0       36,990                –              –               –               0       Five years

Description:

(1)          Pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme, the equities held by certain resigned participants have been transferred to the
             participants designated by the general manager’s office of the Company.

(2)          As the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme is not a share-based payment, the participants indirectly hold the corresponding incentive shares
             through the shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore the shares granted under the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme will not be included
             in the form of compensation. The fair value of the shares at the date of sale and the accounting standards and policies adopted are not
             available.

(3)          The shares involved in the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme are unlisted domestic shares of the Company with no reference to the closing price.

(4)          The incentive recipient may exercise the award from the date on which the incentive shares are granted to him/her. Therefore, there is no
             performance goals for the incentive recipients. Participants do not directly obtain equity through Equity Incentive Scheme, but indirectly
             hold the corresponding incentive shares through the shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore, the vesting period is not applicable to
             such Equity Incentive Scheme. Pursuant to the scheme provisions of the respective share incentive, the PRC Company Law and the Articles
             of Association, and the rules and regulations of the jurisdictions where the shares of the Company are listed regarding the lock-up period,
             the incentive shares held by the incentive recipients (including the interests in the partnership directly held and the shares of the Company
             indirectly held), except in special circumstances, shall not be transferred or sold within 5 years in principle.

(5)          “Five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period (Total)” herein excludes two Directors, Chairwoman Liu Jingyu and Director Dai
             Ying.

(6)          Acquired in batches on 10 April 2023 and 28 May 2023 respectively.




                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023           79
     Directors’ Report




     The changes of shares granted under the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out below:


                                                        Number of                                                                      Number
                                                         shares not                                                                  of shares
                                                        yet granted                                                                   involved
                                                              as at     Acquired         Vested       Cancelled         Lapsed            as at
                                                         1 January    during the      during the     during the      during the   31 December         Lock-up
      Category                    Acquisition date(1)         2023         year(2)        year(3)          year            year           2023        period(4)


      Ms. Liu Jingyu
           (executive Director)   10 April 2023                   0        91,200              –               –              –              0        Five years
      Mr. Dai Ying
           (executive Director)   11 April 2023                   0        64,800              –               –              –              0        Five years
      Mr. Dai Ying
           (executive Director)   21 June 2023                    0        32,400              –               –              –              0        Five years
      Supervisor                  –                               0             –              –               –              –              –
      Five highest paid           Granted in
           individuals during         the incentive
           the Reporting              scheme from
           Period (Total)(5)          time to time(6)             0       362,400              –               –              –              0        Five years
      Others（Total）               Granted in
                                      the incentive
                                      scheme from
                                      time to time(7)             0       253,200              –               –              –              0        Five years


     Description:

     (1)           Pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme, the equities held by certain resigned participants have been transferred to the
                   participants designated by the general manager’s office of the Company.

     (2)           As the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme is not a share-based payment, the participants indirectly hold the corresponding incentive shares
                   through the shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore the shares granted under the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme will not be
                   included in the form of compensation. The fair value of the shares at the date of sale and the accounting standards and policies adopted
                   are not available. The price paid by the incentive recipients for subscribing for incentive shares under the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme was
                   RMB41.67 per share.

     (3)           The shares involved in the 2021 Equity Incentive Scheme are unlisted domestic shares of the Company with no reference to the closing price.

     (4)           The incentive recipient may exercise the award from the date on which the incentive shares are granted to him/her. Therefore, there is no
                   performance goals for the incentive recipients. Participants do not directly obtain equity through Equity Incentive Scheme, but indirectly
                   hold the corresponding incentive shares through the shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore, the vesting period is not applicable to
                   such Equity Incentive Scheme. Pursuant to the scheme provisions of the respective share incentive, the PRC Company Law and the Articles
                   of Association, and the rules and regulations of the jurisdictions where the shares of the Company are listed regarding the lock-up period,
                   the incentive shares held by the incentive recipients (including the interests in the partnership directly held and the shares of the Company
                   indirectly held), except in special circumstances, shall not be transferred or sold within 5 years in principle.

     (5)           “Five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period (Total)” herein excludes two Directors, Chairwoman Liu Jingyu and Director Dai
                   Ying.

     (6)           Acquired in batches on 10 April 2023, 11 April 2023, 28 May 2023 and 21 June 2023 respectively.

     (7)           Acquired in batches on 10 April 2023, 11 April 2023, 28 May 2023 and 21 June 2023 respectively.

80   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




At the beginning of the Reporting Period, there were no incentive share outstanding or not vested with any of the
Directors, the five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period and other employees as beneficiaries. During the
Reporting Period, there were no incentive share granted to any of the Directors, the five highest paid individuals and the
other employees. At the end of the Reporting Period, there were no incentive share outstanding or not vested with any of
the Directors, the five highest paid individuals or other employees as beneficiaries.


During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company did not issue shares pursuant to any Equity Incentive Scheme and
did not vest any shares pursuant to the 2019 Equity Incentive Scheme.


PUBLIC FLOAT
The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rule 8.08(1)(a) of
the Listing Rules, provided that the minimum public float of the Company shall be the higher of: (1) approximately 13.08%
of the total issued share capital of the Company; (2) the percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately following
the completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. Based on the information publicly
available to the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors
confirm that the Company has maintained the aforementioned minimum public float as required by the Stock Exchange
during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
In addition to the subsequent events disclosed in the note 49 to the consolidated financial statements of this report, after
due and careful consideration, our Directors confirm that, there has not been any material adverse change in financial or
trading position or prospects of the Company since 31 December 2023, and there has been no event since 31 December
2023 and up to the date of this report which would materially affect the information set out in the audit’s report.


AUDITOR
For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group’s domestic auditors were performed by RSM China, and the international
auditors were performed by RSM Hong Kong. The financial statements set out in this annual report have been audited by
RSM Hong Kong. There has been no change in auditor of the Group since the Listing Date.




For and on behalf of the Board
CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
Liu Jingyu
Chairwoman and president


Changzhou, the PRC
26 March 2024




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023     81
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     (A joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability)


     Opinion
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CALB Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
     “Group”) set out on pages 89 to 199, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
     2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
     in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
     statements, including material accounting policy information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
     Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
     then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the
     “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
     in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
     we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
     obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
     opinion on these matters. The key audit matters we identified are:


     1.     Revenue Recognition


     2.     Assessment of Provisions and Disclosure for Litigation Claims


     3.     Valuation of allowance for inventories


     4.     Government Grants



82   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue Recognition


Refer to note 4(w) and note 8 to the consolidated financial   Our audit procedures in relation to the recognition of
statements.                                                   revenue included the following:


The Group’s revenue is principally generated from sales of    •      Understanding and assessing the design,
EV batteries, ESS products and other related goods. During           implementation and operating effectiveness of
the year, the Group has recorded revenue of approximately            the key internal controls over the Group’s systems
RMB27,006 million.                                                   which govern revenue recognition;


Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control        •      Inspecting sales contracts with major customers to
of the goods has transferred, being when the goods                   understand and assess the terms and conditions
have been shipped to the customer’s specific location.               therein which may affect the recognition of
The Group’s accounting system generally records                      revenue;
sales transactions when the goods leave the Group’s
warehouses. Accordingly, there is a risk that revenue is      •      Testing revenue recorded on sample basis covering
recognised for sales of individual products before the               different business locations and customers, by
control of the same have passed to the customer.                     examining the relevant supporting documents
                                                                     including sales orders, sales contract, goods delivery
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter              notes with customer’s acceptance, sales invoices
because revenue is one of the key performance indicators             and credit notes issued subsequently;
of the Group and because there is an inherent risk that
revenue could be recorded in an incorrect period or could     •      Comparing sales transactions recorded just before
be subject to manipulation in order to achieve financial             and after the year end with the underlying goods
targets and expectations.                                            delivery notes to assess if the related revenue had
                                                                     been recognised in the appropriate accounting
                                                                     period;


                                                              •      Examining the numeric sequence of goods delivery
                                                                     notes before and after year end and investigating
                                                                     any apparent abnormalities;


                                                              •      Checking to inventories and sales records
                                                                     subsequent to the year end for any significant sales
                                                                     returns that occurred after the reporting period;
                                                                     and


                                                              •      Scrutinizing all manual journal entries relating
                                                                     to revenue which were raised during the year,
                                                                     enquiring of management the reasons for
                                                                     such adjustments and inspecting underlying
                                                                     documentation on a sample basis.


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      83
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Assessment of Provisions and Disclosure for Litigation
      Claims


      Refer to note 36 and note 45(b) to the consolidated           Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s litigation
      financial statements.                                         provisions and disclosures included the following:


      Provisions are made for litigation and claims of the Group.   •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
      The amount recorded at 31 December 2023, which                       by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
      represented management’s best estimates of the amounts               and level of other inherent risk factors including
      likely to be required to settle these matters, totalled              subjectivity;
      RMB0.24 million.
                                                                    •      Understanding and evaluating key internal controls
      In determining whether provision for these legal claims              over the Group’s process for assessment of
      in dispute is appropriate, management needs to exercise              provisions and disclosure for litigation claims;
      significant judgement, with reference to legal advice
      given by the Group’s legal counsel, about the estimation      •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
      of probability that an outflow of resources embodying                of provisions and disclosure for litigation claims to
      economic benefits will be required for settling the                  assess effectiveness of the Group’s processes for
      obligation and an estimation of the amount of the                    estimation and disclosure;
      obligation which can be measured reliably at the end of
      the reporting period.                                         •      Discussing significant litigation and claims with the
                                                                           Group’s internal legal counsel;
      We identified the assessment of provisions for litigation
      and claims as a key audit matter because the estimates        •      Reviewing legal opinions of the Group’s external
      on which these provisions are based involve a significant            legal advisors including their views regarding the
      degree of management judgement and because                           likely outcome and magnitude of and exposure to
      determining the level of provisions may be subject to a              the relevant litigation and claims; and
      degree of management bias.
                                                                    •      Assessing the adequacy of the provision for
                                                                           litigation claims by evaluating management’s
                                                                           assessment regarding the nature and status of
                                                                           material litigations and other relevant factors.




84   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Valuation of allowance for inventories


Refer to note 4(j) and note 24 to the consolidated financial      Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s valuation
statements.                                                       of allowance for inventory included the following:


As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of                    •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
inventories is approximately RMB7,126 million and                        by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
allowance for inventories of approximately RMB864 million                and level of other inherent risk factors including
was charged to profit or loss during the year.                           subjectivity;


Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net               •      Understanding and evaluating managements key
realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling          controls over the assessment of the net realisable
price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated             value of inventories and related loss allowances
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to                 including periodic review on inventories;
make the sale.
                                                                  •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
We identified the valuation of allowance for inventories as              of net realisable value of inventories to assess the
a key audit matter because the inherent risk in relation to              effectiveness of management’s estimation process;
the assessment of the net realisable value of inventories is
considered significant as the assessment of net realisable        •      Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness
value involves significant estimates and judgements which                of the methods and estimations used in net
were subjective.                                                         realisable value of inventories; and


                                                                  •      Comparing the carrying value of inventories to
                                                                         actual prices for sales transactions subsequent to
                                                                         the end of the reporting period, on a sample basis.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023    85
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Government grants


      Refer to note 4(aa), note 9, note 26 and note 33 to the        Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s
      consolidated financial statements.                             government grants included the following:


      The Group recognises government grant when there is            •      Inspecting, on a sample basis, documents relating
      reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with                  to government grants received or receivable
      the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be             during the year, identifying the specific conditions
      received.                                                             attached, and assessing whether the Group’s
                                                                            determination on classification of income related
      It has recognised significant government grants in profit or          and long-term asset related grants complied with
      loss during the year, and had significant deferred income             IAS 20 Accounting for Government Grants and
      as at end of reporting period as set out in note 9 and                Disclosure of Government Assistance;
      note 33, respectively.
                                                                     •      For income-related government grants, we verified
      Most of the government grants recognised during the                   the occurrence and recognition of the expenditures,
      year were related to compensation for operating costs                 checking whether related government grants
      and expenses incurred, hence being income-related and                 released to profit or loss matched corresponding
      recognised in profit or loss in the same period as the                expenditures; and
      relevant expenditures.
                                                                     •      For asset-related government grants, we verified
      As at end of the reporting period, certain government                 total government grant amount recognised as
      grant receivables as set out in note 26 were recognised               deferred revenue matched the corresponding
      but not yet received.                                                 capitalized expenditures of assets purchased or
                                                                            under construction, and verified the relationship
      We identified accounting for government grants as a key               between grants and assets items; once these
      audit matter because of its significance to the consolidated          government grant related long-term assets were
      financial statements and because of the exercise of                   ready to use we checked whether the recognised
      management judgement in the conditions attached to the                deferred revenue was amortised on a straight-line
      government grants and assessing whether they are met.                 basis to the profit or loss for the period over the
                                                                            useful life of related assets.


     Other Information
     The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in
     the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
     of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
     we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
     that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.
86   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report




Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
Statements

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.


The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
       fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
       disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       87
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
            the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
            significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
            exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
            financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
            audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
            Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
            disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
            manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
            within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
            direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
     on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
     in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
     describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
     when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
     the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
     communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Szeto Tai Shun.




     RSM Hong Kong
     Certified Public Accountants
     29th Floor, Lee Garden Two
     28 Yun Ping Road
     Causeway Bay
     Hong Kong
     26 March 2024




88   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                    Note     RMB’000              RMB’000


Revenue                                                              8     27,005,885          20,374,942
Cost of sales                                                              (23,494,367)       (18,271,422)


Gross profit                                                                 3,511,518           2,103,520
Investment and other income                                          9         200,492             208,849
Other losses,net                                                    10        (877,052)            (62,872)
Selling expenses                                                              (343,162)           (288,264)
Administrative expenses                                                       (675,753)           (590,974)
Research and development expenses                                             (991,961)           (664,758)
(Impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on trade and
  bills receivables                                                 25         (60,763)               9,315
Reversal of impairment losses/(impairment losses) on prepayments,
  deposits and other receivables                                    26              880              (3,157)


Profit from operations                                                         764,199             711,659
Finance costs                                                       12        (330,439)            (65,217)
Share of losses of associates                                                      (157)               (815)


Profit before tax                                                              433,603             645,627
Income tax credit                                                   13           3,560              47,910


Profit for the year                                                 14         437,163             693,537


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                          294,377             691,626
Non-controlling interests                                                      142,786                1,911


                                                                               437,163             693,537


Earnings per share                                                  18
Basic (RMB per share)                                                           0.1661              0.4408


Diluted (RMB per share)                                                         0.1661              0.4408




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        89
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2023


                                                                                        2023        2022
                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000


     Profit for the year                                                             437,163     693,537


     Other comprehensive (expense)/income:
     Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income (FVTOCI)                                                 (29,366)   (120,654)


     Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                            (1,313)     (7,640)
     Share of other comprehensive expense of associates reclassified to profit and
        loss upon disposal of associates                                                    –        503


     Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax                             (30,679)   (127,791)


     Total comprehensive income for the year                                         406,484     565,746


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                           263,698     563,835
     Non-controlling interests                                                       142,786        1,911


                                                                                     406,484     565,746




90   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                 Note      RMB’000              RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     19     67,694,816          45,527,632
Right-of-use assets                                               20       1,786,328           1,618,177
Intangible assets                                                 21       1,358,099           1,373,277
Investments in associates                                         23          16,194              16,351
Other financial assets                                            28         639,267             670,565
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment    26       1,255,202           3,312,789
Deferred tax assets                                               37         568,099             582,380


                                                                         73,318,005          53,101,171


Current assets
Inventories                                                       24       7,125,768         11,821,947
Trade and bills receivables                                       25       6,829,306           5,335,457
Prepayments,deposits and other receivables                        26       8,536,035           6,149,868
Amounts due from related parties                                  27         232,585             952,154
Other financial assets                                            28         143,676             177,090
Current tax assets                                                            27,790                6,036
Pledged bank deposits                                            29(a)     1,381,631           1,984,783
Restricted bank balances                                         29(b)            267                 298
Bank and cash balances                                           29(c)     7,833,962         10,931,814


                                                                         32,111,020          37,359,447


Current liabilities
Trade and bills payables                                          30     19,958,859          21,646,762
Accruals and other payables                                       31       7,513,703           7,090,209
Contract liabilities                                              32         616,955             490,532
Amounts due to related parties                                    27         425,700             471,652
Lease liabilities                                                 34          17,036              23,969
Bank borrowings                                                   35       8,114,805           2,479,634
Provisions                                                        36          98,678             508,826
Current tax liabilities                                                       75,725              63,367


                                                                         36,821,461          32,774,951


Net current (liabilities)/assets                                          (4,710,441)          4,584,496


Total assets less current liabilities                                    68,607,564          57,685,667


                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        91
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                       2023        2022
                                                                                 Note            RMB’000       RMB’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Deferred income                                                              33              192,846       679,250
     Lease liabilities                                                            34               65,765        92,448
     Bank borrowings                                                              35           21,055,929     15,227,842
     Provisions                                                                   36              895,286              –
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                     37               11,948       110,668


                                                                                               22,221,774     16,110,208


     NET ASSETS                                                                                46,385,790     41,575,459


     Capital and reserves
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                                41            1,772,302      1,772,302
     Reserves                                                                     43           32,873,598     32,607,016


                                                                                               34,645,900     34,379,318


     Non-controlling interests                                                                 11,739,890      7,196,141


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                              46,385,790     41,575,459


     Approved by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                 LIU Jingyu                                                 DAI Ying




92   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                               Share                                                                                                                            Financial
                                              capital/                                           Safety    Contribution                                                         assets at (Accumulated
                                              Paid-in         Capital          Merger       production             from        Exchange             Other     Put option          FVTOCI        losses)/                       Non-
                                              capital         reserve          reserve            fund      shareholder           reserve         reserve       Reserve           reserve      retained                  controlling        Total
                                            (Note 41) (Note 43(b)(i)) (Note 43(b)(ii)) (Note 43(b)(iii)) (Note 43(b)(iv)) (Note 43(b)(v)) (Note 43(b)(vi))     (Note 39) (Note 43(b)(vii))     earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                            RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2022                           1,506,457      23,773,796            8,058              19           58,349               (13)           (503)      (926,620)              –       (257,649)   24,161,894       824,230    24,986,124


Total comprehensive income for the year             –               –                –                –               –            (7,640)              503            –        (120,654)       691,626      563,835          1,911      565,746
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders                                      –               –                –                –               –                 –                 –            –               –              –             –     6,370,000     6,370,000
Issue of puttable equity (note 39)                  –               –                –                –               –                 –                 –   (5,365,847)              –              –    (5,365,847)            –    (5,365,847)
Transferred from put option liabilities
  (note 39)                                         –               –                –                –               –                 –                 –    6,031,310               –              –     6,031,310             –     6,031,310
Share-based payments (note 40)                      –               –                –                –          40,631                 –                 –            –               –              –       40,631              –       40,631
Issuance of ordinary shares upon Global
  Offering (note 41(i))                      265,845        8,681,650                –                –               –                 –                 –            –               –              –     8,947,495             –     8,947,495
Safety production fund                              –               –                –              (19)              –                 –                 –            –               –             19             –             –             –


Changes in equity for the year               265,845        8,681,650                –              (19)         40,631            (7,640)              503     665,463         (120,654)       691,645    10,217,424     6,371,911    16,589,335


At 31 December 2022                         1,772,302      32,455,446            8,058                –          98,980            (7,653)                –     (261,157)       (120,654)       433,996    34,379,318     7,196,141    41,575,459




                                                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023                     93
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                               Safety      Contribution                                       Financial assets   (Accumulated
                                                 Share capital/           Capital           Merger         production              from          Exchange       Put option         at FVTOCI          losses)/                       Non-
                                                 Paid-in capital          reserve           reserve              fund       shareholder            reserve        Reserve             reserve        retained                  controlling        Total
                                                      (Note 41)    (Note 43(b)(i))   (Note 43(b)(ii)) (Note 43(b)(iii)) (Note 43(b)(iv))    (Note 43(b)(v))      (Note 39) (Note 43(b)(vii))         earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 1 January 2023                                1,772,302       32,455,446             8,058                  –            98,980             (7,653)       (261,157)          (120,654)        433,996    34,379,318     7,196,141    41,575,459


     Total comprehensive income for the year                  –                 –                –                  –                  –            (1,313)              –            (29,366)        294,377      263,698        142,786      406,484
     Capital contribution from non-controlling
       shareholders                                           –                 –                –                  –                  –                 –               –                  –               –             –     4,400,000     4,400,000
     Share-based payments (note 40)                           –                 –                –                  –            40,631                  –               –                  –               –       40,631              –       40,631
     Share issue expenses                                     –           (36,784)               –                  –                  –                 –               –                  –               –       (36,784)            –       (36,784)
     Safety production fund                                   –                 –                –             12,606                  –                 –               –                  –         (13,569)         (963)          963             –


     Changes in equity for the year                           –           (36,784)               –             12,606            40,631             (1,313)              –            (29,366)        280,808      266,582      4,543,749     4,810,331


     At 31 December 2023                              1,772,302       32,418,662             8,058             12,606           139,611             (8,966)       (261,157)          (150,020)        714,804    34,645,900    11,739,890    46,385,790




94   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                        Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                              Note     RMB’000              RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                        433,603             645,627
Adjustments for:
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 19       1,524,605             770,372
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           20          65,219              52,310
Amortisation of intangible assets                                             21         160,400             137,620
Equity-settled share-based payments                                           40          40,631              40,631
Share of losses of associates                                                 23             157                 815
(Gain)/loss on disposal of associates                                         10            (358)                503
Allowance for inventories                                                     10         864,164             268,006
Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) on trade and bills
  receivables,net                                                             25          60,763              (9,315)
(Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on other receivables, net   26            (880)              3,157
Net loss/(gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment                 10          16,069                (616)
Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                10          30,297              38,281
Fair value change in financial guarantees                                     10               –             (12,354)
Fair value change in put option liabilities                                   10               –            (275,669)
Net (gain)/loss on lease modification                                         10          (1,561)              1,132
Reversal of provision for litigation                                          36          (8,400)                  –
Net foreign exchange (gains)/losses                                           10         (31,559)             43,589
Interest income                                                               9         (135,447)           (184,243)
Finance costs                                                                 12         330,439              65,217


Operating profit before working capital changes                                        3,348,142          1,585,063
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                     3,832,015        (10,333,169)
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                               (1,414,808)        (2,611,438)
Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 (327,700)        (4,498,787)
Decrease/(increase) in amount due from a subsidiary of shareholders                      719,388             (6,605)
Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                                             603,152           (878,981)
(Decrease)/increase in amounts due to subsidiaries of shareholders                       (45,952)           448,808
Decrease in amount due to a shareholder                                                        –                (20)
(Decrease)/increase in trade and bills payables                                       (1,687,903)        15,329,896
(Decrease)/increase in accruals and other payables                                    (1,643,629)         3,189,853
Increase in provisions                                                                   469,780            372,430
Increase in contract liabilities                                                         126,423            383,614
Decrease in deferred income                                                             (986,404)          (655,895)


Cash generated from operations                                                         2,992,504           2,324,769
Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                    (4,691)             (4,381)
Income tax paid                                                                          (87,645)           (211,334)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                           2,900,168           2,109,054




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        95
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                      Note      RMB’000        RMB’000


     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                                            135,447        184,243
     Disposal of subsidiaries                                                           –        979,200
     Disposal of associates                                                        66,358      1,087,800
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment            (2,057,587)    (1,636,805)
     Payment of property, plant and equipment                                 (17,707,971)   (28,646,478)
     Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                      41,885         39,737
     Received government grants in relation to assets                              22,211         44,765
     Payment of right-of-use assets                                              (246,389)      (920,862)
     Addition of intangible assets                                               (117,073)      (421,975)
     Purchase of other financial assets                                          (241,194)    (3,735,000)
     Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                             240,014      9,790,000
     Purchase of shares of listed equity securities                                     –       (435,505)
     Investment in limited partnership and limited partnership fund                     –       (471,088)
     Investment in associates                                                     (66,000)             –
     Decrease in amount due from a shareholder                                        181            183
     Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                  –        145,762
     Decrease/(increase) in restricted bank balances                                   31            (46)


     Net cash used in investing activities                                    (19,930,087)   (23,996,069)


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Net proceeds from bank borrowings                                        10,496,771     14,816,829
     Principal elements of lease payments                                        (19,036)       (18,027)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                       4,400,000      6,370,000
     Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                                     –      8,947,495
     Share issue expenses                                                        (13,026)             –
     Interest paid                                                              (966,487)      (355,737)


     Net cash generated from financing activities                             13,898,222     29,760,560


     NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                      (3,131,697)    7,873,545

     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                           10,931,814      3,109,518


     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      33,845         (51,249)


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                  7,833,962     10,931,814


     ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Bank and cash balances                                           29(c)    7,833,962     10,931,814




96   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   General Information
     CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司) is a joint stock limited company registered in the People’s
     Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Company’s H-shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited since 6 October 2022. The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is No. 1
     Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


     The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
     ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below.


                                        Principal country of
                                        operation/Country of                             Percentage of equity
                                        incorporation/Kind     Registered     Paid-up        attributable
     Name                               of legal entity           capital     amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                           Direct      Indirect


     中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司                     PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,500      RMB7,500       100%            N/A   Research and
       CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*,         liability company        million     million                              development
       (“Jiangsu Company”)                                                                                          production and sales
                                                                                                                    of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                    products


     中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB1,000      RMB1,000       100%            N/A   Research and
       公司 CALB Technology Co., Ltd.*      liability company        million     million                              development of
       (“Jiangsu Research Institute”)                                                                               EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                    products


     中創新航新能源(廈門) 有限公司                   PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB5,000       100%            N/A   Research and
       CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.*           liability company        million     million                              development
       (“Xiamen Company”)                                                                                           production and sales
                                                                                                                    of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                    products


     中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限                   PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB100       RMB100        100%            N/A   Research and
       公司 CALB Technology (Shenzhen)      liability company        million     million                              development of
       Co., Ltd.* (“Shenzhen Research                                                                               EV battery and ESS
       Institute”)                                                                                                  products




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023        97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     1.      General Information (Continued)

                                            Principal country of
                                            operation/Country of                             Percentage of equity
                                            incorporation/Kind     Registered     Paid-up        attributable
             Name                           of legal entity           capital     amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                               Direct      Indirect


             中創新航科技(成都)有限公司 CALB            PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB4,000        51%            N/A   Research and
               (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.*           liability company        million     million                              development,
               (“Chengdu Company”)                                                                                      production and
                                                                                                                        sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                        and ESS products


             中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司 CALB            PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,000      RMB6,108        51%            N/A   Research and
               (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*             liability company        million     million                              development,
               (“Wuhan Company”)                                                                                        production and
                                                                                                                        sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                        and ESS products


             中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司 CALB            PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB4,150        20%            N/A   Research and
               (Hefei) Co., Ltd.*             liability company        million     million                              development,
               (“Hefei Company”)                                                                                        production and
                                                                                                                        sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                        and ESS products


             中創新航科技(福建)有限公司                 PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB2,500      RMB2,500        51%            N/A   Research and
               CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*       liability company        million     million                              development,
               (“Fujian Company”)                                                                                       production and
                                                                                                                        sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                        and ESS products


             中創新航科技(江門)有限公司                 PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,400      RMB3,216      63.7%            N/A   Research and
               CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.*     liability company        million     million                              development,
               (“Jiangmen Company”)                                                                                     production and
                                                                                                                        sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                        and ESS products


             中創新航科技(四川)有限公司                 PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB2,820        51%            N/A   Research and
               CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*      liability company        million     million                              development,
               (“Sichuan Company”)                                                                                      production and
                                                                                                                        sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                        and ESS products




98   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




1.   General Information (Continued)

                                              Principal country of
                                              operation/Country of                                 Percentage of equity
                                              incorporation/Kind     Registered       Paid-up           attributable
     Name                                     of legal entity           capital       amount          to the Company            Principal activities
                                                                                                       Direct      Indirect


     中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited           RMB600        RMB600           100%             N/A     Research and
         CALB Material (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*     liability company        million        million                                   development,
         (“Materials Company”)                                                                                                    production and
                                                                                                                                  sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                                  materials


     立鼎化學材料科技(江蘇)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited           HKD850        HKD850             N/A           100%     Research and
         Liding Chemical Materials              liability company        million        million                                   development of new
         Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*                                                                                          material technology
         (“Liding Chemical”)                                                                                                      and sales of battery


     中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司                           PRC/PRC/Limited           RMB100        RMB100           100%             N/A     Research and
         CALB Smart Energy Technology           liability company        million        million                                   development,
         Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                               production and
                                                                                                                                  sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                                  and ESS products


     CALB GmbH                                Germany/Germany/       EUR25,000     EUR25,000           100%             N/A     Research and
                                                Limited liability                                                                 development,
                                                company                                                                           production and
                                                                                                                                  sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                                  and ESS products


     CALB (HK) Co., Limited                   PRC/Hong Kong/         USD50,000     USD50,000           100%             N/A     Investment holding and
                                                Limited liability                                                                 sales of EV battery
                                                company                                                                           and ESS products


     CALB (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.               Singapore/Singapore/   USD50,000     USD50,000             N/A           100%     Investment holding and
                                                Limited liability                                                                 sales of EV battery
                                                company                                                                           and ESS products


     CALB (EUROPE) S.A.                       Portugal/Portugal/     EUR200,000 EUR200,000               N/A           100% Research and
                                                Limited liability                                                                 development,
                                                company                                                                           production and
                                                                                                                                  sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                                  and ESS products


     *        The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.




                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023       99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      2.      Basis of Preparation
              These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS Accounting
              Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). IFRS Accounting Standards
              comprise International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”); International Accounting Standards (“IAS”); and
              Interpretations. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the
              Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
              Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).


              The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for early
              adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
              policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for
              the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.


              The Group had net current liabilities of approximately RMB4,710 million and recorded net cash outflow of
              approximately RMB3,132 million, among which included cash inflow from operating activities of approximately
              RMB2,900 million.


              Bank and cash balances totalled approximately RMB7,834 million as at 31 December 2023, while total outstanding
              bank loans amounted to approximately RMB29,171 million, with approximately RMB8,115 million due within one
              year.


              Additionally, the Group has capital commitments of approximately RMB19,828 million at the end of reporting period
              which are mostly expected to be fulfilled within the next 18 months.


              Notwithstanding the above events and conditions, the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) had adopted
              the going concern basis in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements of the Group on the grounds
              including but not limited to the following:


              (a)     As set out in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had committed and undrawn
                      short-term borrowing facilities of approximately RMB17,683 million and committed and undrawn long-term
                      borrowing facilities of approximately RMB21,933 million as at the end of reporting period available to meet
                      the operating requirements and foreseeable future capital investment requirements;


              (b)     Management expect the Group will successfully arrange rolling-over of borrowing facilities with sufficient
                      amounts for the Group’s operating and capital investment needs; and


              (c)     Taking the above into consideration, the Directors have prepared a comprehensive cashflow forecast for the
                      18 months ending 30 June 2025 in order to estimate the Group’s cash requirements. Based on this analysis,
                      the Directors are of the opinion that the Group has sufficient working capital and banking facilities to meet
                      its present needs throughout the aforementioned period.


              Therefore, the Directors are of the view that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis when preparing these
              consolidated financial statements.




100   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.   Adoption of New and Revised IFRS Accounting Standards
     (a)   Application of new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards
           The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB
           for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2023
           for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


           IFRS 17                                         Insurance Contracts
           Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS                    Disclosure of Accounting Policies
             Practice Statement 2
           Amendments to IAS 8                             Definition of Accounting Estimates
           Amendments to IAS 12                            Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                             Single Transaction
           Amendments to IAS 12                            International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules


           Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the
           current year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current
           and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


           Impact on application of Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2
           “Disclosure of Accounting Policies ”
           The Group has adopted Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 “Disclosure of Accounting
           Policies” for the first time in the current year. IAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements” is amended
           to replace all instances of the term “significant accounting policies” with “material accounting policy
           information”. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered together with other information
           included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the
           primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements.


           The amendments also clarify that accounting policy information may be material because of the nature of
           the related transactions, other events or conditions, even if the amounts are immaterial. However, not all
           accounting policy information relating to material transactions, other events or conditions is itself material.
           If an entity chooses to disclose immaterial accounting policy information, such information must not obscure
           material accounting policy information.


           IFRS Practice Statement 2 “Making Materiality Judgements” (the “Practice Statement”) is also amended to
           illustrate how an entity applies the “four-step materiality process” to accounting policy disclosures and to
           judge whether information about an accounting policy is material to its financial statements. Guidance and
           examples are added to the Practice Statement.


           The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
           performance but has affected the disclosure of the Group’s accounting policies set out in note 4 to the
           consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.      Adoption of New and Revised IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
              (a)     Application of new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
                     Impact on application of Amendments to IAS 12 “Deferred Tax related to Assets and
                     Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction ”
                      The Group has adopted Amendments to IAS 12 “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from
                      a Single Transaction” for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow the scope of the initial
                      recognition exemption to exclude transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences –
                      e.g. leases.


                      The Group previously accounted for deferred tax on leases applying the “integrally linked” approach,
                      resulting in a similar outcome to the amendments, except that the deferred tax asset or liability was
                      recognised on a net basis. Following the amendments, the Group has recognised a separate deferred tax
                      asset in relation to its lease liabilities and a deferred tax liability in relation to its right-of-use assets. The
                      change primarily impacts disclosures of components of deferred tax assets and liabilities in Note 37, but does
                      not impact the overall deferred tax balances presented on the consolidated statement of financial position as
                      the related deferred tax balances qualify for offset under IAS 12.


                     Impact on application of Amendments to IAS 12 “International Tax Reform – Pillar
                     Two Model Rules ”
                      The Group has adopted Amendments to IAS 12 “International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules” for
                      the first time in the current year. IAS 12 is amended to add the exception to recognising and disclosing
                      information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or substantively
                      enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
                      and Development (the “Pillar Two legislation”). The amendments require that entities apply the amendments
                      immediately upon issuance and retrospectively. The amendments also require that entities to disclose
                      separately its current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two
                      legislation is in effect, and the qualitative and quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two
                      income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in
                      effect in annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.


                      The Group is yet to apply the temporary exception during the current year because the Group’s entities are
                      operating in jurisdictions where the Pillar Two legislation has not yet been enacted or substantially enacted.
                      The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimated information that helps users of financial statements
                      to understand the Group’s exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the Group’s consolidated financial
                      statements when the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted and will disclose separately
                      current tax expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes when it is in effect.




102   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.   Adoption of New and Revised IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
     (b)    New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
            The Group has not early applied the following amendments to standards and interpretation that have been
            issued but are not yet effective:


                                                                                                     Effective for
                                                                                                     accounting
                                                                                                     periods
                                                                                                     beginning
                                                                                                     on or after


             Amendments to IAS 1 – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                            1 January 2024


             Amendments to IFRS 16 – Lease liability in a sales and leaseback                        1 January 2024


             Amendment to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 – Supplier Finance Arrangements                           1 January 2024


             Amendments to IAS 21 – Lack of Exchangeability                                          1 January 2025


             Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of                              To be determined
               Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                         by the IASB


            The Directors anticipate that the application of all amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will not have
            material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


4.   Material Accounting Policy Information
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless mentioned
     otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. financial instruments that are measured at fair value).


     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain
     critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
     the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
     assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
              below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


              (a)     Consolidation
                      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
                      made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
                      entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
                      ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power over an entity when
                      the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. activities that
                      significantly affect the entity’s returns.


                      When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights held
                      by other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise
                      that right.


                      Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-
                      consolidated from the date the control ceases.


                      The gain or loss on the disposal of subsidiaries that results in a loss of control represents the difference
                      between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment retained in
                      those subsidiaries and (ii) the Company’s share of the net assets of those subsidiaries plus any remaining
                      goodwill and any accumulated exchange reserve relating to that subsidiary.


                      Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated, Unrealised losses are also eliminated
                      unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of
                      subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                      Group.


                      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the
                      Company. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                      consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are presented in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                      income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between the non-
                      controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.


                      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                      Company and to the non-controlling shareholders even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
                      deficit balance.




104   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (a)   Consolidation (Continued)
           Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
           accounted for as equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity as owners). The carrying
           amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests
           are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and
           attributed to the owners of the Company.


     (b)   Separate financial statements
           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
           impairment loss, unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that
           is classified as held for sale). The result of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
           dividend received or receivable.


           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
           investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
           dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
           the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


     (c)   Merger accounting for business combination under common control
           These consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
           businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if the current group structure had always
           been in existence.


           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the combining entities as if they
           had been combined from the date when they first came under the control of the controlling party.


           The consolidated statements of profit or loss and the other comprehensive income include the results of each
           of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities
           first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common
           control combination.


           The consolidated statements of financial position have been prepared to present the assets and liabilities of
           the combining entities as if the group structure had been in existence at the end of each reporting period.
           The net assets of the combining entities are combined using the existing book values from the controlling
           party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or gain on bargain purchase at the time
           of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the controlling party’s interest.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (d)     Business combination (other than under common control) and goodwill
                      The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary in a business combination. The
                      consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at the acquisition-date fair value of the
                      assets given, equity instruments issued, liabilities incurred and any contingent consideration. Acquisition-
                      related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services
                      are received. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the subsidiary in the acquisition are measured at their
                      acquisition-date fair values.


                      The excess of the sum of the consideration transferred over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
                      subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Any excess of the Group’s share of
                      the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the sum of the consideration transferred is
                      recognised in consolidated profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase which is attributed to the Group.


                      In a business combination achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest in the subsidiary is
                      remeasured at its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated profit
                      or loss. The fair value is added to the sum of the consideration transferred in a business combination to
                      calculate the goodwill.


                      The non-controlling interests in the subsidiary are initially measured at the non-controlling shareholders’
                      proportionate share of the net fair value of the subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition
                      date.


                      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at Cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of
                      Impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the cash-generating
                      units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each
                      unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the Group
                      at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill impairment reviews
                      are undertaken annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential
                      impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the goodwill is compared to its recoverable amount,
                      which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised
                      immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.


              (e)     Associates
                      Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
                      participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity but is not control or joint control over
                      those policies. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible,
                      including potential voting rights held by other entities, are considered when assessing whether the Group
                      has significant influence. In assessing whether a potential voting right contributes to significant influence, the
                      holder’s intention and financial ability to exercise or convert that right is not considered.




106   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (e)   Associates (Continued)
           Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method
           and are initially recognised at cost. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the associate in an acquisition are
           measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the investment over the
           Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill
           which is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
           value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated profit
           or loss.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
           When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is
           tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount
           (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss
           recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
           investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that
           the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           The Group’s share of an associate’s post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income is
           recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. When the Group’s
           share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term
           interests that, in substance, from part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group does not
           recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate, If
           the associate subsequently reports profits, the Group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after
           its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.


           The gain or loss on the disposal of an associate that results in a loss of significant influence represents the
           difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment
           retained in that associate and (ii) the Group’s entire carrying amount of that associate (including goodwill)
           and any related accumulated exchange reserve. If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a
           joint venture, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.


           Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of
           the Groups interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
           evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed
           where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (f)     Foreign currency translation
                     (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                              currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the
                              Company’s functional and presentation currency.


                     (ii)    Transactions and balances in each entity ’s financial statements
                              Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition
                              using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
                              currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses
                              resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.


                              Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the
                              exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.


                              When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
                              exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a gain
                              or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
                              or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


                     (iii)   Translation on consolidation
                              The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which has the currency of
                              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the Company’s presentation
                              currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:


                              –       Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                                      closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;


                              –       Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this
                                      average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
                                      the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates
                                      on the transaction dates); and


                              –       All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                                      accumulated in the exchange reserve.




108   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (f)   Foreign currency translation (Continued)
           (iii)   Translation on consolidation (Continued)
                   On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form
                   part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                   accumulated in the exchange reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences
                   are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.


                   Goodwill and fair value adjustment arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
                   and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


     (g)   Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated financial statements at cost, less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


           Subsequent costs are included in the assets carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
           appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
           Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised
           in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less
           their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates are as
           follows:


           Buildings                                     20-35 years
           Machinery                                     10%
           Computer equipment                            32%
           Furniture and office equipment                19% – 32%
                                                         Over the shorter of the term of the lease and estimated
           Leasehold improvements                           useful life of 5 years
           Motor vehicles                                24%


           The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the
           end of each reporting period.


           The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
           proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (h)     Leases
                      At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
                      or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                      time in, exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the
                      use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


                     The Group as a lessee
                      Where the contract contains lease components and non-lease components, the Group has elected not
                      to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
                      components as a single lease component for all leases.


                      At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
                      short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which, for the
                      Group are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-
                      value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                      associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis
                      over the lease term.


                      Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                      payments payable over the lease tern, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
                      cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
                      liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
                      Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
                      lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


                      The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
                      the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,
                      and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an
                      estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site
                      on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
                      asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.


                      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
                      assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
                      Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
                      life and the lease term.


                      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
                      to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
                      right-of-use assets.




110   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (h)   Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)
           The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
           an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
           a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will
           be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
           remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use
           asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
           zero.


           The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for
           a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (‘lease modification”) that is not accounted
           for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and
           lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are
           any rent concessions which arose as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and which satisfied
           the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of IFRS 16. In such cases, the Group took advantage of the practical
           expedient set out in paragraph 46A of IFRS 16 and recognised the change in consideration as if it were not a
           lease modification.


     (i)   Other intangible assets
           (a)     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
                   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An
                   internal generated intangible asset is recognised only if all of the following conditions are met:


                   –      The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
                          sale;


                   –      Management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


                   –      There is ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


                   –      It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                          benefits;


                   –      Adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete development and to use or sell
                          the intangible assets are available;


                   –      The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably
                          measured.


                   Development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses. The development costs are amortised
                   using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding 10
                   years after the products are put into commercial production.

                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023        111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (i)     Other intangible assets (Continued)
                     (b)     Intangible assets acquired separately
                              The following intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
                              losses. Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:


                              Computer software                     Not more than 10 years
                              Trademark                             10 years
                              Patent                                Not more than 10 years
                              Others                                Not more than 10 years


                              The amortisation period and the amortisation method for intangible assets with finite useful life are
                              reviewed at least at each financial year end.


              (j)     Inventories
                      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
                      average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour and
                      an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where appropriate, subcontracting
                      charges. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the
                      estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


              (k)     Other contract costs
                      Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs
                      to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
                      intangible assets.


                      Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
                      a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental costs of
                      obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the
                      expected amortisation period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in which
                      case the costs are expensed when incurred. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


                      Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
                      identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or services
                      in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a
                      specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
                      costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group
                      entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
                      plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.




112   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (k)   Other contract costs (Continued)
           Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment
           losses are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i)
           remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services
           to which the asset relates, less (ii) any costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have
           not yet been recognised as expenses.


           Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to which the asset
           relates is recognised.


     (l)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
           Contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally entitled to the
           consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for expected
           credit losses (“ECL”) in accordance with the policy set out in note 4(dd) and are reclassified to receivables
           when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.


           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
           related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
           receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding
           receivable would also be recognised.


           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
           multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
           basis.


           When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued
           under the effective interest method replaced.


     (m)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
           when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, transaction costs that are directly
           attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
           and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair
           value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
           directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
           loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023        113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (m)     Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments (Continued)
                      The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
                      expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
                      asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
                      ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the
                      asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
                      and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial
                      asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


                      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                      cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
                      and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
                      recognised in profit or loss.


              (n)     Financial assets
                      All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
                      Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
                      the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are
                      measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification
                      of the financial assets.


                     Debt investments
                      Debt investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


                      –       Amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                              solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the
                              effective interest method.


                      –       Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) – recycling, if the contractual cash flows
                              of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within
                              a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and
                              sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for the recognition
                              in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest
                              method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                              accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


                      –       FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI
                              (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or
                              loss.




114   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (n)   Financial assets (Continued)
           Equity investments
           An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading
           purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate the
           investment at FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other
           comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be
           made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election
           is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the financial assets at FVTOCI
           reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated
           in the financial assets at FVTOCI reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
           through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as
           at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.


     (o)   Trade and other receivables
           A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
           to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
           consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
           consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.


           Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
           contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
           trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
           subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.


     (p)   Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within six
           months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.


     (q)   Financial liabilities and equity instruments
           Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual
           arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under IFRS
           Accounting Standards. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
           the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities
           and equity instruments are set out in notes (r) to (v) below.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (r)     Borrowings
                      Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently
                      measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds
                      (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of
                      the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are
                      recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility
                      will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no
                      evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a
                      prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.


                      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                      of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


              (s)     Financial guarantee contracts
                      Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                      liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:


                      –         the amount determined in accordance with the ECL model under IFRS 9 and


                      –         the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised
                                in accordance with the principles of IFRS 15.


                      The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
                      flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would
                      be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for
                      assuming the obligations.


                      Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the
                      fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


              (t)     Put Option Liability
                      An arrangement that grants the non-controlling shareholder an option to sell the equity shares of the
                      Company’s subsidiary back to the Company (“the put option”) shall be accounted for as financial liability
                      of the Company as it contains an obligation to transfer cash on purchase of the non-controlling interests’
                      shares. When the put option is initially issued, a liability shall be recorded for the present value of the
                      redemption amount (which should be estimated if it is not contractually fixed), and subsequently measured
                      at fair value based on the terms of the put option. In the event that the non-controlling interest written put
                      option expires unexercised or cancelled, the liability is derecognised with a corresponding adjustment to
                      equity.




116   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (u)   Trade and other payables
           Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
           cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
           they are stated at cost.


     (v)   Equity instruments
           Any equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an equity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue cost.


     (w)   Revenue and other income
           Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the amount
           of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected
           on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of
           any trade discounts.


           Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the
           goods have shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). A receivable is recognised by the Group
           when the goods are delivered to the customer as this represents the point in time at which the right to
           consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due.


           Revenue from the provision of services is recognised over the scheduled period on an input method because
           the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.


           Revenue from other sources
           Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
           periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
           benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset, lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or
           loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments that do not
           depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.


           Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
           at amortised cost or FVTOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied
           to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
           applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross candying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.


           Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment are established.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (x)     Employee benefits
                     (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                              Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                              employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                              result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.


                              Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


                     (ii)    Medical benefits
                              The Group’s contributions to various defined contribution medical benefit plans organised by the
                              relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC are expensed as incurred.


                     (iii)   Pension scheme – Mainland China
                              The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in Mainland China, are required to
                              participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
                              subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
                              pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
                              payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


                     (iv)    Housing fund – Mainland China
                              The Group contributes on a monthly basis to a defined contribution housing fund plan operated by
                              the local municipal government. Contributions to this plan by the Group are expensed as incurred.


                     (v)     Termination benefits
                              Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer
                              withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and involves
                              the payment of termination benefits.


              (y)     Share-based payments
                      The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors and employees. Equity-settled
                      share-based payments are measured at the fair value (excluding the effect of non-market based vesting
                      conditions) of the equity instruments at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of
                      the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
                      on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market based
                      vesting conditions.




118   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (z)   Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
           are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
           capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
           intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
           their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


           To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset,
           the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate
           to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs
           applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings
           made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. Any specific borrowing that remain
           outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intend use or sales included in the general borrowing pool
           for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowing.


           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


     (aa) Government grants
           A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
           conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.


           Government grants relating to the acquisition or construction of long-term assets are asset-related
           government grants . Such government grants are firstly recognised in deferred income until the corresponding
           long-term assets are completed and put to use. The government grants shall offset the carrying value of
           related assets and are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the related depreciable assets by way of
           reduced depreciation expenses.


           Income-related government grants are government grants other than asset-related government grants.
           Such government grants are deducted from the related operating costs and expenses and recognise in the
           same period as the expenses specifically relevant to the grants. Income-related government grants shall be
           recognised as deferred income and recognised as described above when the relevant costs or losses are
           recognised subsequently.


           For government grants that include both asset-related portion and income-related portion, different portions
           shall be accounted for separately.


           Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
           the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
           in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (aa) Government grants (Continued)
                      Repayment of income-related government grant is applied first against any unamortised deferred income set
                      up in respect of the grant. To the extent that the repayment exceeds any such deferred income, or where no
                      deferred income exists, the repayment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. Repayment of asset-related
                      government grant is recognised by increasing the carrying amount of the asset by the amount repayable. The
                      cumulative additional depreciation that would have been recognised in profit or loss to date in the absence
                      of the grant is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


              (bb) Taxation
                      Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.


                      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit recognised
                      in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
                      items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
                      that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


                      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
                      the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
                      profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
                      assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
                      taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses or unused
                      tax credits can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises
                      from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and
                      liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of
                      transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.


                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries
                      and associates except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
                      probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


                      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
                      the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
                      the asset to be recovered.


                      Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled
                      or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
                      reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in
                      other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other
                      comprehensive income or directly in equity.




120   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (bb) Taxation (Continued)
            The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
            the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
            amount of its assets and liabilities.


            For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
            of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
            attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


            For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
            IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group recognises a deferred
            tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
            against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
            temporary differences.


            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
            tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
            authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the
            asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


     (cc)   Impairment of non-financial assets
            The carrying amounts of other non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of
            impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined for an
            individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
            other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which
            the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal
            of the individual asset or the CGU.


            Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/CGU. Present values are
            computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset/
            CGU whose impairment is being measured.


            Impairment losses on CGUs are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then pro rata amongst the
            other assets of the CGU. Subsequent increases in the recoverable amount caused by changes in estimates are
            credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the impairment.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023        121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
                      The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on investments in debt instruments that
                      are measured at amortised cost, trade receivables and contract assets. The amount of expected credit losses
                      is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective
                      financial instrument.


                      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The expected credit
                      losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit
                      loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
                      assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including
                      time value of money where appropriate.


                      For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
                      increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has
                      not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
                      instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.


                      Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the
                      expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that
                      is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after
                      the reporting date.


                     Significant increase in credit risk
                      In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                      recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting
                      date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial recognition.
                      In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                      reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
                      without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the
                      industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts,
                      governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various
                      external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.


                      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                      increased significantly since initial recognition:


                      –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                              internal credit rating;


                      –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial
                              instrument;



122   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
          Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
          –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                  cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


          –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


          –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;


          –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                  environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                  obligations.


          Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial
          asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days
          past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


          Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased
          significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
          reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:


          (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,


          (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and


          (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                  reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.


          The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of
          “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not
          available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a
          strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.


          For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment
          is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
          for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
          recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified
          debtor will default on the contract.


          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
          significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
          identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
                     Definition of default
                      The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
                      purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
                      generally not recoverable.


                      –       when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


                      –       information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                              unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                              held by the Group).


                      Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                      more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
                      that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


                     Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                      future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired
                      includes observable data about the following events:


                      –       significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;


                      –       a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                      –       the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s
                              financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                              otherwise consider;


                      –       it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                              or


                      –       the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


                     Write-off policy
                      The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                      financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been placed
                      under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the
                      amounts are over one year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                      to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                      appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.


124   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
            the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
            of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as
            described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross
            carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount
            drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in
            the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific
            future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information.


            For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows
            that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
            receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.


            If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL
            in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime
            ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the
            current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.


            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
            corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.


     (ee) Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal or
            constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
            will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money
            is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.


            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
            estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence
            of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is
            remote.


     (ff)   Events after the reporting period
            Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at the end
            of the reporting period or those that indicate the going concern assumption is not appropriate are adjusting
            events and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Events after the reporting period that are
            not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.



                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023        125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates
              In applying the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to make
              judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised and
              to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
              from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors
              that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
              recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
              the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


              Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
              In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that have
              the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart from those
              involving estimations, which are dealt with below).


             (a)     Going concern basis
                      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity of which
                      depends on the banking facilities available to the group at a level sufficient to finance its working capital
                      requirements and capital investment requirement. Details are explained in note 2 to the consolidated financial
                      statements.


             (b)     Consolidation of entity with less than 50% equity interest holding
                      Although the Company owns less than 50% of the equity interest in Hefei Company, Hefei Company is
                      treated as a subsidiary because the Group is able to control the relevant activities of Hefei Company as a
                      result of the voting rights entrustment agreement and concerted action agreement entered into between the
                      Company and the other major shareholder of Hefei Company. The other major shareholder agrees to entrust
                      31% voting rights to the Company and to act in concert for all voting decisions made by the Company in
                      Hefei Company’s board of directors meeting and shareholders meeting. In addition, according to the articles
                      of association of Hefei Company, the board of directors of Hefei Company shall comprise 3 directors, of
                      which the Company has the right to nominate 2 directors.




126   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)
     (c)   Business model assessment
           Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI (i.e. Solely Payments of
           Principal and Interest) test and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level
           that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective.
           This assessment includes judgement reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the
           assets is evaluated and their performance measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
           how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial
           assets measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI that are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the
           reason for their disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the objective of the business for which
           the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group’s continuous assessment of whether the business model
           for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to be appropriate and if it is not appropriate
           whether there has been a change in business model and so a prospective change to the classification of
           those assets. No such changes were required during the periods presented.


     (d)   Significant increase in credit risk
           As explained in note 4(dd), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
           or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit
           risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account
           qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.


     (e)   Determining the lease term
           In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that include renewal options exercisable
           by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all
           relevant facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option,
           including favourable terms, leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset
           to the Group’s operation.


           Generally, periods covered by an extension option in other properties leases have not been included in the
           lease liability because the Group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption. See
           note 20 for further information.


           The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in circumstance that is
           within the Group’s control. During the current financial year, no lease term has been reassessed.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty
              The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
              reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
              liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.


             (a)     Deferred tax asset
                      As at 31 December 2023, a deferred tax asset of approximately RMB276,810,000 (2022: RMB233,347,000)
                      in relation to unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries has been recognised in the consolidated
                      statement of financial position. No deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of
                      RMB1,065,193,000 (2022: RMB953,387,000) for certain subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future
                      profit streams. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future
                      profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future, which is a key source of estimation
                      uncertainty. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less or more than expected, or
                      change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material
                      reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss
                      for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.


             (b)     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                     assets


                      Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are stated at costs less accumulated
                      depreciation and impairment, if any. Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs)
                      must be tested for impairment annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to
                      exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or
                      any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported
                      by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which
                      are estimated based upon the Continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be
                      applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount
                      rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use
                      assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belongs.
                      Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow
                      projections, could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.


                      Further, the cash flows projections, growth rate and discount rate are subject to greater uncertainties in
                      current year due to uncertainty on volatility in material cost.




128   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
           assets (Continued)
           The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment was approximately RMB67,694,816,000 (2022:
           RMB45,527,632,000) as at 31 December 2023.


           The carrying amount of right-of-use assets was approximately RMB1,786,328,000 (2022: RMB1,618,177,000)
           as at 31 December 2023.


           The carrying amount of intangible assets was approximately RMB1,358,099,000 (2022: RMB1,373,277,000)
           as at 31 December 2023.


     (c)   Impairment of trade receivables
           The management of the Group estimates the amount of impairment loss for ECL on trade receivables based
           on the credit risk of trade receivables. The amount of the impairment loss based on ECL model is measured
           as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
           contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
           determined at initial recognition. Where the future cash flows are less than expected, or being revised
           downward due to changes in facts and circumstances, a material impairment loss may arise.


           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by
           the changing economic landscape of the PRC, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in the current
           year as there is higher risk that a turbulence in general market could led to increased credit default rates. The
           information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables disclosed in note 6(b).


           At 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB5,071,212,000 (2022:
           RMB3,582,355,000) (net of allowance of doubtful debts of RMB88,639,000 (2022: RMB27,876,000)).


     (d)   Net realisable value of inventories
           Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
           estimated costs of completion and selling expense. These estimates are based on current market conditions
           and the historical experience of manufacturing and selling products of similar nature. It could change
           significantly as a result of changes in customer’s demand in response to EV battery and ESS products industry
           cycles and volatility. The Group will reassess the estimates by the end of each reporting period.


           During the year, RMB864,164,000 (2022: RMB268,006,000) allowance of slow-moving inventories was
           recognised.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             (e)     Warranty provisions
                      As explained in note 36(a), the Group makes product warranty provision based on its best estimate of
                      the expected settlement under the sales agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
                      warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical
                      warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities. As the Group
                      is continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models, it is possible that the recent claim
                      experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
                      decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in current and future years.


             (f)     Estimated provisions for litigation claims
                      The Group evaluates whether a present obligation exists under litigation claim after taking into account
                      all available evidence, including the opinion of experts. A provision is recognised for litigation claim if the
                      Directors consider it is more likely than not that present obligation exists and a reliable estimate can be
                      made on the settlement amount of the claim. If it is more likely than not that no present obligation exists,
                      the Group should disclose a contingent liability, unless the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in
                      settlement is remote. Details of the Group’s provisions and contingent liabilities related to litigation claims
                      are disclosed in note 36(b) and note 45(b), respectively.


             (g)     Income taxes
                      Significant estimates are required in determining the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions
                      and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is not completely certain during the ordinary course
                      of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
                      estimated based on the then circumstances, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax
                      provisions in the period in which such outcome is finalized and agreed by relevant tax authorities. During the
                      year, income tax credit of RMB3,560,000 (2022: RMB47,910,000) was recognised in profit or loss based on
                      the latest assessment.




130   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   Financial Risk Management
     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and
     interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
     markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


     (a)    Foreign currency risk
            The Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and
            liabilities are principally denominated in RMB. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging
            policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group monitors its foreign
            currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need
            arise.


            At 31 December 2023, if the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against United States Dollar with
            all other variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB14,252,000
            (2022: RMB5,440,000) higher/lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain/loss on bank
            balances denominated in United States Dollar.


            At 31 December 2023, if the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against Euro with all other
            variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB27,707,000 higher/
            lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain/loss on bank balances denominated in Euro.
            The sensitivity analyses on the change of RMB against Euro as the impact to the financial statements was
            insignificant at 31 December 2022.


            No sensitivity analyses on the change of RMB against other currencies are prepared as the impact to the
            financial statements is insignificant.


     (b)    Credit risk
            Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
            customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities
            (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial
            institutions, and other financial instruments. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from bank and cash
            balances, restricted bank balances and pledged bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are banks
            and financial institutions with high credit-rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies, for which
            the Group considers to have low credit risk.


            Trade and bills receivables
            Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Groups’ established policy, procedures
            and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are performed on all
            customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history
            of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to
            the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade
            receivables are normally due within 90 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more
            than 6 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted,
            Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023        131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (b)     Credit risk (Continued)
                     Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
                      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
                      is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
                      significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
                      status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


                      The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                      receivables as at 31 December 2023 and 2022:


                      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                    Past due                 Individually
                                                        Current    0-180 days   181-365 days   Over 1 year      assessed        Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)            –        5.6%          21.9%         50.0%        100.0%
                      Gross carrying amount            4,418,985      659,090        29,646        13,582         38,548    5,159,851
                      Expected credit losses                   –       36,797          6,503        6,791         38,548      88,639


                      As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                    Past due                 Individually
                                                        Current    0-180 days   181-365 days   Over 1 year      assessed        Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)            –          5%           10%           50%           100%
                      Gross carrying amount            3,530,603       35,513        19,190         1,487         23,438    3,610,231
                      Expected credit losses                   –        1,776          1,919          743         23,438      27,876


                      Expected credit loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 year and are adjusted to reflect
                      differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical data has been collected,
                      current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.




132   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           At 1 January 2022                                                                                       37,191
           Reversal of loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                  (9,315)


           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                  27,876
           Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                             60,763


           At 31 December 2023                                                                                     88,639


           The ECLs for bills receivables, which are all bank acceptance bills, approximates to zero. Those banks who
           issue bank acceptance bills are creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


           Financial assets at amortised cost
           All of the Group’s financial assets at amortised cost, other than trade and bills receivables, are considered to
           have low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the year was therefore limited to 12-month
           expected losses.


           Financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables and amounts due from related
           parties.


           Movement in the loss allowance for financial assets at amortised cost is as follows:


                                                                                                     Deposit and other
                                                                                                              receivables
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2022                                                                                      4,679
           Loss allowance recognised for the year                                                                    3,157


           At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                    7,836
           Reversal of loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                    (880)


           At 31 December 2023                                                                                       6,956



                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (c)     Liquidity risk
                      The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
                      maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


                      The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s financial liabilities is as
                      follows:


                                                                  Less than          Between          More than
                                                                     1 year       2 to 5 years            5 years                Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


                      At 31 December 2023
                      Trade and bills payables                  19,958,859                    –                 –       19,958,859
                      Accruals and other payables                 7,513,703                   –                 –         7,513,703
                      Amounts due to related parties                425,700                   –                 –              425,700
                      Lease liabilities                              20,539             73,095                  –               93,634
                      Bank borrowings                             9,004,935        20,880,304          2,540,490        32,425,729


                      At 31 December 2022
                      Trade and bills payables                  21,646,762                    –                 –       21,646,762
                      Accruals and other payables                 7,046,733                   –                 –         7,046,733
                      Amounts due to related parties                471,652                   –                 –              471,652
                      Lease liabilities                              28,881           103,471                   –              132,352
                      Bank borrowings                             3,128,055        13,733,317          3,443,385        20,304,757


              (d)     Interest rate risk
                      The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk mainly arises from its bank deposits and bank borrowings. These
                      deposits and borrowings bear interests at variable rate varied with the prevailing market condition.


                      At 31 December 2023, if interest rates at that date had been 100 basis points higher with all other variables
                      held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB99,156,000 lower (2022:
                      RMB3,442,000 higher), arising mainly as a result of higher interest income on bank deposits net of higher
                      interest expenses on bank borrowings. If interest rates had been 100 basis points lower, with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB99,156,000 higher
                      (2022: RMB3,442,000 lower), arising mainly as a result of lower interest income on bank deposits net of
                      lower interest expenses on bank borrowings.




134   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (e)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Financial assets:
           Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                    18,766,230         19,277,057
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                         188,164             224,925
           Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                        594,779             622,730


           Financial liabilities:
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                        57,012,203         46,872,663
           Lease liabilities                                                                  82,801             116,417


     (f)   Fair values
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the consolidated
           statements of financial position approximate their respective fair values.


     (g)   Transfers of financial assets
           The following were the Group’s financial assets transferred to banks or suppliers by discounting those
           receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards
           relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of the receivables and has
           recognised the cash received on the transfer as a secured borrowing (note 25). These financial assets are
           carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


           As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                                       Bills receivables
                                                                                                          discounted to
                                                                                                        banks with full
                                                                                                                recourse
                                                                                                                RMB’000


           Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                 658,426
           Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             658,426


           Net position                                                                                                  –




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (g)     Transfers of financial assets (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                                                   Bills receivables
                                                                                                                      discounted to
                                                                                                                    banks with full
                                                                                                                            recourse
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


                      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                 108,810
                      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             108,810


                      Net position                                                                                                  –


      7.      Fair Value Measurements
              Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
              between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
              fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


              Level 1 inputs:     quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
                                  access at the measurement date.

              Level 2 inputs:     inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly.

              Level 3 inputs:     unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


              The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
              event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.




136   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




7.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (a)   Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2023
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –      104,926                  –         104,926
           – Investment in a listed equity security       193,060            –                  –         193,060
           – Investment in an unlisted equity security          –            –          296,793           296,793
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        38,750            –                  –          38,750
           – Investment in an unlisted debt instrument          –            –          149,414           149,414


                                                          231,810      104,926          446,207           782,943



                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2022
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –      101,428                  –         101,428
           – Investment in a listed equity security       234,590            –                  –         234,590
           – Investment in an unlisted equity security          –      286,712                  –         286,712
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        75,662            –                  –          75,662
           – Investment in an unlisted debt instrument          –      149,263                  –         149,263


                                                          310,252      537,403                  –         847,655




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023        137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      7.      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
              (b)     Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3:

                                                                                 Financial assets   Financial assets
                                                                                      at FVTPL –       at FVTOCI –
                                                                               Investment in an      Investment in
                                                                                   unlisted debt        an unlisted
                                                                                     instrument     equity security        2023 Total
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000


                      At beginning of year                                                     –                  –                  –
                      Transferred from Level 2                                          149,263             286,712           435,975
                      Total gains or losses recognised
                         in profit or loss                                                   151                  –               151
                         in other comprehensive income                                         –             10,081            10,081


                      At end of year                                                    149,414             296,793           446,207


                      During the year, financial assets at FVTPL amounting RMB149,263,000 (2022: RMB Nil) and financial assets
                      at FVTOCI amounting RMB286,712,000 (2022: RMB Nil) were transferred from measurement based on level
                      2 to level 3 as a result of changes in the underlying investmens for the limited liability partnership and limited
                      partnership fund.


                      The total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income are presented in fair value changes of
                      equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) in the consolidated statement
                      of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


                      The total gains or losses recognised in profit or loss including those for assets held at end of reporting period
                      are presented in other losses, net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




138   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




7.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (c)   Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and
           inputs used in fair value measurements:
           The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
           required for financial reporting purposes, including level 2 and level 3 fair value measurements. The financial
           controller reports directly to the Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
           processes and results are held between the financial controller and the Directors at least once a year.


           For level 2 fair value measurements, specific valuation techniques adopted by the Group to evaluate the
           financial assets include the annual interest rates for certificate of deposits and net assets value for the limited
           partnership fund and limited liability partnership.


           Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                 Effect on fair               Fair value
                                                                                  Unobservable   value for
           Description                                  Valuation technique       inputs         increase of inputs          2023           2022
                                                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000


           Investment in an unlisted debt instrument    Net assets value of       Net assets     Increase                 149,414              –
             classified as financial assets at FVTPL      underlying investment


           Investment in an unlisted equity security    Net assets value of       Net assets     Increase                 296,793              –
             classified as financial assets at FVTOCI     underlying investment


8.   Revenue
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue
           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service line for the year is as
           follows:


                                                                                                                   2023                    2022
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


           Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
           Sales of EV batteries                                                                            22,249,046              18,323,505
           Sales of ESS products and others                                                                   4,756,839              2,051,437


                                                                                                            27,005,885              20,374,942




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023         139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.      Revenue (Continued)
              (a)     Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
                      The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the
                      following major product lines and geographical regions:


                                                                                           Sales of ESS products
                                                                 Sales of EV battery            and others                         Total
                                                                    2023          2022         2023           2022             2023           2022
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Primary geographical markets
                        – Mainland China                       22,017,722   18,014,091     4,335,306    1,974,344       26,353,028     19,988,435
                        – Europe                                  92,548        60,848       60,467          22,327       153,015            83,175
                        – Asia                                   117,679       213,078      335,680            275        453,359           213,353
                        – America                                 18,721        35,488       25,326          54,491           44,047         89,979
                        – Others                                    2,376              –         60                –           2,436              –


                      Revenue from external customers          22,249,046   18,323,505     4,756,839    2,051,437       27,005,885     20,374,942


                      Timing of revenue recognition
                        – Products transferred at a point in
                              time                             22,249,046   18,323,505     4,691,173    2,010,924       26,940,219     20,334,429
                        – Products and services transferred
                              over time                                 –              –     65,666          40,513           65,666         40,513


                      Total                                    22,249,046   18,323,505     4,756,839    2,051,437       27,005,885     20,374,942



              (b)     Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
                      with customers
                      The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied)
                      as at year end and the expected timing of recognising revenue as follows:


                                                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


                      Within 1 year                                                                                616,955                 490,532




140   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




9.   Investment and other income

                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


     Interest income on:
        – Bank deposits                                                                       131,672             120,739
        – Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                            3,775              63,504


     Total interest income                                                                    135,447             184,243
     Government grants and subsidies (note)                                                    41,808              17,419
     Compensation from suppliers                                                               12,778                5,335
     Insurance compensation income                                                              1,773                  853
     Reversal of provision for litigation                                                       8,400                     –
     Others                                                                                        286                 999


                                                                                              200,492             208,849


     Note:

     During the year, the Group recognised government subsidies as follow:


                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     Research and development subsidies                                                         16,321                4,640
     Subsidies on industry development                                                          19,394                9,994
     Subsidies on recruitment                                                                    1,597                1,265
     Others                                                                                      4,496                1,520


                                                                                                41,808               17,419



     The government subsidies as set out above were received for compensation for or reimbursement of costs or
     expenses previously incurred and recognised in profit or loss in the current period in which they became receivable.


     Apart from above, the Group has recognised government grants of approximately RMB5,524 million (2022:
     RMB1,539 million) in total, which were accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set forth in note
     4(aa) to the consolidated financial statements. These government grants, mostly being income-related, were used
     to offset the related operating costs and expenses, or deduct from the carrying value of the related property, plant
     and equipment if they are asset-related. There were no conditions attached to these government grants that were
     unfulfilled as at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      10. Other losses, net

                                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


              Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                             (30,297)          (38,281)
              Fair value change in financial guarantees                                                        –            12,354
              Fair value change in put option liabilities                                                      –           275,669
              Gain/(loss) on disposal of associates                                                          358              (503)
              Allowance for inventories                                                                (864,164)          (268,006)
              Net foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                           31,559            (43,589)
              Net gain/(loss) on lease modification                                                        1,561            (1,132)
              Net (loss)/gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment                              (16,069)              616


                                                                                                       (877,052)           (62,872)


      11. Segment information
              The Group is mainly engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
              ESS products in the PRC, and all the assets are substantially located in the PRC. Accordingly, there is only one single
              business reportable segment which is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker.


              Revenue from major customers:


                                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


              Customer A                                                                              7,770,461          8,056,758
              Customer B                                                                              4,913,962          3,457,134
              Customer C*                                                                             3,026,489                N/A


              *       Revenue from this customer amounted to less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year
                      ended 31 December 2022.




142   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




12. Finance costs

                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


    Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 20)                             4,691                4,691
    Interest on bank borrowings and finance charges                            966,487             355,737


    Total borrowing costs                                                      971,178             360,428
    Amount capitalised                                                        (640,739)           (295,211)


                                                                               330,439              65,217


13. Income tax credit
    Income tax credit has been recognised in profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


    Current tax – the PRC
       Provision for the year                                                  (11,159)            (63,127)
       (Under)/Over provision in prior years                                   (63,375)             15,054


                                                                               (74,534)            (48,073)


    Current tax – Others
       Provision for the year                                                      (116)               (261)
    Deferred tax (note 37)                                                      78,210              96,244


                                                                                 3,560              47,910




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      13. Income tax credit (Continued)
              Under the relevant income tax law, the PRC subsidiaries are subject to Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a statutory
              rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the year.


              The Company and certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were approved to be high and new technology
              enterprises and were entitled to a reduced EIT rate of 15%. The high and new technology enterprises certificates
              need to be renewed every three years so as to enable the Company and those subsidiaries to enjoy the reduced EIT
              rate of 15%.


              The reconciliation between the income tax credit and the product of profit before tax multiplied by the PRC EIT rate
              is as follows:


                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              Profit before tax                                                                       433,603           645,627


              Tax at the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate of 15%                                         65,040            96,844
              Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible                                            6,360            13,517
              Tax effect of super deduction of qualified research and development
                 expenditure                                                                         (256,038)         (270,771)
              Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                        2,998           (37,292)
              Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                  24,205            73,957
              Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses not previously recognised                              –               (14)
              Effect on deferred tax balance resulting from a change in tax rate                       96,871                  –
              Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                            (6,371)           90,903
              Under/(over) provision in prior years                                                    63,375           (15,054)


              Income tax credit                                                                        (3,560)          (47,910)




144   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




14. Profit for the year
    The Group’s profit for the year is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Allowance for inventories (note 10)                                                                    864,164               268,006
     Amortisation of intangible assets (note 21)                                                            160,400               137,620
     Auditor’s remuneration
     – Audit services                                                                                          3,873                 3,651
     – Non-audit services                                                                                         577                1,293
     – Listing related services*                                                                                     –             16,999
     Cost of inventories sold                                                                           23,494,367            18,271,422
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 19)                                              1,524,605               772,475
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 20)                                                            65,219               52,310
     Net loss/(gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment (note 10)                                  16,069                  (616)
     Net (gain)/loss on lease modification                                                                    (1,561)                1,132
     Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) on trade and bills receivables                         60,763                (9,315)
     (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on prepayments,
        deposits and other receivables                                                                           (880)               3,157


    *       Such services fee was deducted to the proceeds from the issue of ordinary shares.



15. Employee benefits expenses

                                                                                                                2023                  2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000


     Employee benefits expense (including Directors’
        emoluments):
        Salaries, bonuses and allowances (note)                                                           2,256,455             1,130,069
        Equity-settled share-based payments                                                                   40,631               40,631
        Retirement benefit scheme contributions (note)                                                      177,358                66,533


                                                                                                          2,474,444             1,237,233


    Note:   Salaries, bonus and allowances and retirement benefit scheme contribution increased significantly for the current reporting period
            as the Group has changed the form of employment of certain labourers, who were originally hired by external labour outsourcing
            service providers, to formal employees of the Group.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023          145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      15. Employee benefits expenses (Continued)
              Five highest paid individuals
              The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included two (2022: two) directors of the Company
              whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 16(a). The emoluments of the remaining three
              (2022: three) individuals are set out below:


                                                                                                           2023          2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


              Basic salaries and allowances                                                               11,383        8,973
              Equity-settled share-based payments                                                         16,252       16,252
              Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                       145           128


                                                                                                          27,780       25,353


              Five highest paid individuals
              The emoluments fell with the following band:


                                                                                                           2023          2022
                                                                                                  Number of        Number of
                                                                                                  headcount        headcount


              RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                     –             1
              RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                    1              –
              RMB9,000,001 to RMB9,500,000                                                                     –             2
              RMB9,500,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                                   2              –
              RMB12,000,001 to RMB12,500,000                                                                   –             1
              RMB13,000,001 to RMB13,500,000                                                                  1              –
              RMB22,000,001 to RMB22,500,000                                                                   –             1
              RMB23,500,001 to RMB24,000,000                                                                  1              –


                                                                                                              5              5


              During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals
              as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




146   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
    (a)   Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments

                                                  Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,                   Emoluments paid
                                                           whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking                                         or receivable
                                                                                                                                                        in respect of
                                                                                                                                                     director’s other
                                                                                                                  Remunerations                            services in
                                                                                                                          paid or                   connection with
                                                                               (Note i)            Employer’s         receivable                   the management
                                                                             Estimated         contribution to         in respect                   of the affairs of
                                                     Salaries              money value           a retirement       of accepting                       the Company
                                                         and Discretionary    of other                 benefit           office as         Housing or its subsidiary
                                          Fees   allowances         bonus      benefits                scheme            director        allowance      undertaking        Total
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


          Chairwoman
          Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士)             –       2,606           4,753          16,252                   46                    –             –                   –    23,657
          Executive directors
          Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生)                –         934           2,764            6,095                  46                    –             –                   –     9,839
          Non-Executive directors
          Mr. Zhang Guoqing (張國慶先
            生)                               –            –               –               –                   –                    –             –                   –         –
          Mr. Zhou Sheng (周勝先生)              –            –               –               –                   –                    –             –                   –         –
          Mr. Li Yunxiang (李雲祥先生)            –            –               –               –                   –                    –             –                   –         –
          Independent non- executive
            directors
          Mr. Wu Guangquan (吳光權先
            生) (note(ii))                  240            –               –               –                   –                    –             –                   –       240
          Mr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生先
            生) (note(ii))                  240            –               –               –                   –                    –             –                   –       240
          Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生)
            (note(ii))                     240            –               –               –                   –                    –             –                   –       240
          Supervisors
          Mr. Jiang Jinhua (姜金華先生)           –           –                –               –                   –                    –             –                  –          –
          Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士)               –           –                –               –                   –                    –             –                  –          –
          Ms. Nian Mingzhu
            (念明珠女士)                          –         164              14                –                  26                    –             –                  –        204


          Total for year ended
            31 December 2023               720       3,704           7,531          22,347                 118                     –             –                   –    34,420




                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023           147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      16. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)

                                                              Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,                 Emoluments paid
                                                                       whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking                                       or receivable
                                                                                                                                                                  in respect of
                                                                                                                                                               director’s other
                                                                                                                              Remunerations                          services in
                                                                                                                                      paid or                 connection with
                                                                                           (Note i)            Employer’s         receivable                 the management
                                                                                         Estimated         contribution to         in respect                 of the affairs of
                                                                 Salaries              money value           a retirement       of accepting                     the Company
                                                                     and Discretionary    of other                 benefit           office as       Housing or its subsidiary
                                                      Fees   allowances         bonus      benefits                scheme            director      allowance      undertaking        Total
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


                       Chairwoman
                       Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士)            –       2,590           3,267          16,252                   43                    –           –                   –    22,152
                       Excecutive directors
                       Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生)               –         932           2,334            6,095                  43                    –           –                   –     9,404
                       Non-Executive directors
                       Mr. Zhang Guoqing
                         (張國慶先生)                         –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                       Mr. Zhou Sheng (周勝先生)             –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                       Mr. Li Yunxiang (李雲祥先生)           –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                       Independent non-executive
                         directors
                       Mr. Wu Guangquan (吳光權先
                         生) (note (ii))                 60            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –        60
                       Mr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生先
                         生) (note (ii))                 60            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –        60
                       Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生)
                         (note (ii))                    60            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –        60
                       Supervisors
                       Mr. Jiang Jinhua (姜金華先生)          –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                       Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士)              –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                       Ms. Nian Mingzhu
                         (念明珠女士)                         –         198                8               –                  26                    –           –                   –       232


                       Total for year ended
                         31 December 2022              180       3,720           5,609          22,347                 112                     –           –                   –    31,968


                      Notes:

                      (i)        Estimated money values of other benefits include equity-settled share-based payments.

                      (ii)       Mr. Wu Guangquan, Mr. Wang Susheng and Mr. Chen Zetong were appointed as independent non-executive directors on 6
                                 October 2022.


                      Neither the chief executive officer nor any of the directors waived any emoluments during the year 2023 and
                      2022.
148   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
    (b)    Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
           No significant transactions, arrangements or contracts entered into by the Company in which a director of
           the Company and the director’s connected party had a material interest (whether directly or indirectly) came
           into effect at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


17. Dividends
    No dividend has been paid or proposed during the year (2022: Nil).


18. Earnings per share
    The calculation of the basic earnings per share during the year is based on the profit for the year attributable to
    ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue or deemed to
    be in issue.


    (a)    Basic earnings per share
           The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the
           Company of approximately RMB294,377,000 (2022: RMB691,626,000), and the weighted average number of
           ordinary shares of approximately 1,772,302,000 (2022: 1,569,094,000) in issue during the year.


    (b)    Diluted earnings per share
           No diluted earnings per share was presented for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 as the
           Company did not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023        149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      19. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                   Furniture
                                                                    Computer      and office      Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                                           Building    Machinery    equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement      in progress         Total
                                          RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 1 January 2022:
              Cost                        3,312,467    3,238,975      135,064       132,159       6,690          84,240        8,771,908    15,681,503
              Accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                 (153,195)    (249,669)      (41,802)      (32,836)     (2,787)        (28,675)              –      (508,964)


              Net carrying amount         3,159,272    2,989,306       93,262        99,323       3,903          55,565        8,771,908    15,172,539


              At 1 January 2022, net of
                accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                3,159,272    2,989,306       93,262        99,323       3,903          55,565        8,771,908    15,172,539
              Additions                     89,109       336,982      207,352       219,740       5,715                –     30,283,366     31,142,264
              Disposals                           –         312              –           (43)          –               –          (3,153)       (2,884)
              Transfer                    6,493,690    2,241,381      165,829        31,056            –               –      (8,945,871)      (13,915)
              Depreciation provided
                during the year            (113,406)    (521,346)      (72,990)      (48,339)     (1,715)        (12,576)              –      (770,372)


              At 31 December 2022,
                net of accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                9,628,665    5,046,635      393,453       301,737       7,903          42,989      30,106,250     45,527,632




150   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                                                            Furniture
                                                             Computer      and office     Motor        Leasehold    Construction
                                 Building     Machinery     equipment     equipment      vehicles   improvement      in progress      Total
                                 RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


    At 31 December 2022
      and at 1 January
      2023:
    Cost                         9,895,266     5,530,374      508,246        382,682      12,404          84,240     30,106,250    46,519,462
    Accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                  (266,601)     (483,739)     (114,793)      (80,945)     (4,501)        (41,251)              –     (991,830)


    Net carrying amount          9,628,665     5,046,635      393,453        301,737       7,903          42,989     30,106,250    45,527,632


    At 1 January 2023, net of
      accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                 9,628,665     5,046,635      393,453        301,737       7,903          42,989     30,106,250    45,527,632
    Additions                        1,374       598,272       64,505        178,639       5,413           2,429     22,927,260    23,777,892
    Disposals                       (3,995)      (26,168)     (10,868)        (5,979)       (360)              –        (10,584)      (57,954)
    Transfer                     1,405,055     4,711,300      368,348        207,557        (813)         92,223     (6,811,819)      (28,149)
    Depreciation provided
      during the year             (240,793)     (919,414)     (211,081)     (127,149)     (2,855)        (23,313)              –   (1,524,605)


    At 31 December 2023
      net of accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                10,790,306     9,410,625      604,357        554,805       9,288         114,328     46,211,107    67,694,816


    At 31 December 2023
    Cost                        11,296,220    10,637,980      926,518        762,706      16,521         178,892     46,211,107    70,029,944
    Accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                  (505,914)   (1,227,355)     (322,161)     (207,901)     (7,233)        (64,564)              –   (2,335,128)


    Net carrying amount         10,790,306     9,410,625      604,357        554,805       9,288         114,328     46,211,107    67,694,816


    The Group was still in the process of obtaining property ownership certificates for certain buildings with a net
    carrying amount of RMB4,607,772,000 (2022: RMB2,546,910,000).

    Property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB3,346,163,000 (2022: RMB975,977,000)
    was pledged as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.


    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the government subsidies related to assets of approximately
    RMB52,914,000 (2022: RMB44,765,000) were recognised and deducted from cost of related assets.
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      20. Right-of-use assets

                                                                                     Leasehold          Lease
                                                                                         lands     properties              Total
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


              At 1 January 2022                                                        612,706         30,668           643,374
              Additions                                                                920,862        114,304         1,035,166
              Depreciation                                                             (28,602)       (23,708)          (52,310)
              Early termination of leases                                                    –         (8,053)            (8,053)


              At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                 1,504,966        113,211         1,618,177
              Additions                                                                246,389          5,487           251,876
              Depreciation                                                             (39,207)       (26,012)          (65,219)
              Early termination of leases                                                    –        (18,506)          (18,506)


              At 31 December 2023                                                    1,712,148         74,180         1,786,328



                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              Depreciation expenses on right-of-use assets                                             65,219            52,310
              Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                         4,691             4,691
              Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in cost of sales,
                 selling expenses and administrative expenses)                                        109,723            83,311
              Expenses relating to leases of low value assets (included in selling
                 expenses and administrative expenses)                                                 46,459             1,665


              Details of total cash outflow for leases is set out in note 44(b).


              During the year ended 2023, the Group leases various factories and office premise for its operations. Lease terms
              are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the
              lease term and assessing the length of non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and
              determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


              Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 3 year to 5 years. No extension options and termination options
              are included in the lease contracts.


              Right-of-use assets with carrying amounts of approximately RMB739,773,000 (2022: RMB455,500,000) was pledged
              as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.




152   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




21. Intangible assets

                                Computer                            Development
                                software   Trademarks     Patents          costs         Others           Total
                                RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


     Cost
     At 1 January 2022            75,854            4   1,360,495       198,099           2,250       1,636,702
     Additions – internal
       development                51,290            –           –       369,753             932         421,975
     Transfer                     12,771            –     89,353         (89,353)         1,144          13,915


     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023            139,915            4   1,449,848       478,499           4,326       2,072,592
     Additions – internal
       development                44,019            –           –        72,722             332         117,073
     Transfer                     27,726            –    208,445        (208,445)           423          28,149


     At 31 December 2023         211,660            4   1,658,293       342,776           5,081       2,217,814


     Accumulated amortisation
       and impairment
     At 1 January 2022             9,848            –    551,659               –            188         561,695
     Charge for the year          12,474            1    124,527               –            618         137,620


     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023             22,322            1    676,186               –            806         699,315
     Charge for the year          24,873            1    134,524               –          1,002         160,400


     At 31 December 2023          47,195            2    810,710               –          1,808         859,715


     Carrying amount
     At 31 December 2022         117,593            3    773,662        478,499           3,520       1,373,277


     At 31 December 2023         164,465            2    847,583        342,776           3,273       1,358,099




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      21. Intangible assets (Continued)
              Computer software was purchased by the Group and has finite useful life. The computer software is stated at
              cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its
              estimated useful life of not more than 10 years.


              Trademarks were acquired in a business combination and recognised at fair values at the acquisition date.
              Trademarks have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated
              on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of 10 years.


              Patents have finite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 10 years.


              Development costs are internally generated. The development costs mainly represent staff costs, materials and
              utilities used in development of technologies for battery production. The estimated useful lives of these projects will
              be determined after completion based on the period of time to generate probable economic benefits. Development
              costs are amortised using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding
              10 years. The development costs of relevant technology would be transferred to patents if they can be successfully
              patented.


              The average remaining amortisation period (in years) for the Group’s intangible assets at end of reporting periods
              are:


                                                                                                              2023               2022
                                                                                                            (years)            (years)


              Computer software                                                                                 6.7                6.9
              Trademarks                                                                                        1.9                2.9
              Patents                                                                                           7.9                8.4
              Others                                                                                            3.6                6.4
              Development costs                                                                                N/A                 N/A


              Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs) must be tested for impairment annually. At
              31 December 2023, Xiamen Company CGU and Jiangsu Company CGU have certain development costs not yet
              available for use. The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were determined on the basis of their value-in-use using
              discounted cash flow method. The Group prepares Xiamen Company CGU and Jiangsu Company CGU cash flow
              forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets approved by the Directors for the period up to year 2028
              and with the residual period using growth rate of 0%. 2027 is the year that the Xiamen Company CGU and Jiangsu
              Company CGU expected to attain their effective capacity and stabilized operating efficiency.


              The Group has engaged independent external valuers to assist management to estimate the recoverable amounts of
              CGUs.




154   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




21. Intangible assets (Continued)
    The Xiamen Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions:


     Key assumptions                                                                   2023                         2022

     Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual sales volume          Gradually attaining         Gradually attaining
                                                                       17.3 GWh in FY2028          17.5 GWh in FY2027


     Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment                     10.3%                        11.7%
       of time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU


    The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
    remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts:


     Change in key assumptions                                                         2023                         2022

     Sales volume                                                     Expected annual sales       Expected annual sales
                                                                     volume reduced by 0.7       volume reduced by 1.5
                                                                    GWh for all years across    GWh for all years across
                                                                         the forecast period         the forecast period


     Discount rate (post-tax)                                       Increase of discount rate   Increase of discount rate
                                                                                    of 0.5%                      of 1.1%


    Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Xiamen Company
    CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
    The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 4% (2022: 11%) as at
    end of reporting period.


    The Jiangsu Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions:


     Key assumptions                                                                   2023                         2022


     Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual sales volume          Gradually attaining         Gradually attaining
                                                                       34.1 GWh in FY2028          38.2 GWh in FY2027


     Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment                     10.3%                        10.9%
       of time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      21. Intangible assets (Continued)
              The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
              remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts:


              Change in key assumptions                                                          2023                        2022


              Sales volume                                                      Expected annual sales        Expected annual sales
                                                                               volume reduced by 1.0        volume reduced by 2.3
                                                                              GWh for all years across     GWh for all years across
                                                                                   the forecast period          the forecast period


              Discount rate (post-tax)                                       Increase of discount rate    Increase of discount rate
                                                                                              of 0.3%                       of 1%


              Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Jiangsu Company
              CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
              The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 3% (2022: 9%) as at
              end of reporting period.


      22. Investments in subsidiaries
              The following table shows information on the subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
              Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.


              Name                                                                                       Chengdu Company
                                                                                                           2023              2022


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                          PRC                PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                     49%/49%            49%/49%



                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


              Non-current assets                                                                     7,521,625          6,035,793
              Current assets                                                                         4,569,686          2,465,548
              Non-current liabilities                                                               (3,819,100)         (3,821,794)
              Current liabilities                                                                   (4,128,140)         (1,634,779)


              Net assets                                                                             4,144,071          3,044,768


              Accumulated NCI                                                                        2,030,595          1,416,967




156   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                3,955,576           1,344,170
     Cost of sales                                                         (3,185,504)         (1,306,109)
     Gross profit                                                             770,072              38,061
     Profit/(loss) before tax                                                 131,284             (26,707)
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                               152,302               (4,350)
     Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                        152,302               (4,350)


     Profit/(loss) allocated to NCI                                            74,628               (2,132)


     Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                   (56,029)            302,841
     Net cash used in investing activities                                 (1,283,820)         (5,456,940)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                           1,244,206           5,779,890
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      (305)                   –


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                     (95,948)            625,791



     Name                                                                     Wuhan Company
                                                                                 2023                2022


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                         PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                     49%/49%             49%/49%



                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Non-current assets                                                     9,560,776           4,517,707
     Current assets                                                         3,937,937           1,859,792
     Non-current liabilities                                               (2,461,077)         (1,628,911)
     Current liabilities                                                   (4,752,502)         (1,561,732)


     Net assets                                                             6,285,134           3,186,856


     Accumulated NCI                                                        2,828,795           1,486,590




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              Revenue                                                  3,134,839     1,040,301
              Cost of sales                                            (2,326,641)   (1,011,571)
              Gross profit                                               808,198           28,730
              Profit before tax                                          162,982           38,116
              Profit for the year                                        143,277           36,747
              Total comprehensive income                                 143,277           36,747


              Profit allocated to NCI                                     70,206           18,006


              Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities    (165,259)         518,063
              Net cash used in investing activities                    (4,121,258)   (4,444,079)
              Net cash generated from financing activities             4,511,113     3,776,992
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                        (202)              –


              Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       224,394      (149,024)



              Name                                                        Hefei Company
                                                                            2023            2022


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation           PRC             PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI       80%/49%       80%/49%



                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                       6,780,345     4,740,580
              Current assets                                           2,277,152     1,246,511
              Non-current liabilities                                  (3,046,730)   (1,996,185)
              Current liabilities                                      (2,039,181)   (1,084,661)


              Net assets                                               3,971,586     2,906,245


              Accumulated NCI                                          3,007,270     1,988,996




158   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                2,509,323             117,550
     Cost of sales                                                         (2,360,848)           (105,261)
     Gross profit                                                             148,475              12,289
     Loss before tax                                                         (217,697)            (21,361)
     Loss for the year                                                       (164,658)            (13,190)
     Total comprehensive expense                                             (164,658)            (13,190)


     Loss allocated to NCI                                                   (131,727)            (10,552)


     Net cash used in operating activities                                   (172,733)            (11,874)
     Net cash used in investing activities                                 (1,952,242)         (4,664,967)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                           2,167,011           4,597,497
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                    3,338                7,667


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      45,374             (71,677)



     Name                                                                      Fujian Company
                                                                                 2023                2022


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                         PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                     49%/49%             49%/49%



                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                     2,405,988           1,532,504
     Current assets                                                         3,228,382           2,213,459
     Non-current liabilities                                                 (968,970)           (298,565)
     Current liabilities                                                   (2,091,425)         (1,304,976)


     Net assets                                                             2,573,975           2,142,422


     Accumulated NCI                                                        1,261,248           1,176,697




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                              2023            2022
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                     1,186,561           8,559
              Cost of sales                                                (539,870)       (7,232)
              Gross profit                                                 646,691            1,327
              Profit before tax                                             86,208            1,896
              Profit for the year                                           72,553            1,422
              Total comprehensive income                                    72,553            1,422


              Profit allocated to NCI                                       35,551             697


              Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities       (915,413)      93,572
              Net cash used in investing activities                      (1,286,859)   (1,477,329)
              Net cash generated from financing activities                1,118,337    2,519,244
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                          205                –


              Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents       (1,083,730)   1,135,487



              Name                                                         Jiangmen Company
                                                                              2023            2022


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation             PRC             PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI       36.3%/36.3%     49%/49%



                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                          4,876,210    2,185,970
              Current assets                                              2,182,531    1,169,404
              Non-current liabilities                                    (1,019,550)    (267,836)
              Current liabilities                                        (2,613,443)    (928,978)


              Net assets                                                  3,425,748    2,158,560


              Accumulated NCI                                             1,278,776      682,844




160   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                1,880,934                     –
     Cost of sales                                                         (1,367,003)                    –
     Gross profit                                                             513,931                     –
     Profit/(loss) before tax                                                 252,857               (8,576)
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                               216,187               (6,440)
     Total comprehensive profit/(loss)                                        216,187               (6,440)


     Profit/(loss) allocated to NCI                                           105,932               (3,156)


     Net cash generated from operating activities                             316,870             331,367
     Net cash used in investing activities                                 (3,006,738)         (1,859,527)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                           2,272,692           2,428,836
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      (564)                   –


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (417,740)            900,676



     Name                                                                     Sichuan Company
                                                                                 2023                2022



     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                         PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                     49%/49%             49%/49%



                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                     3,218,898           1,152,955
     Current assets                                                         1,057,963             244,314
     Non-current liabilities                                                 (244,713)                (169)
     Current liabilities                                                   (1,236,217)           (391,045)


     Net assets                                                             2,795,931           1,006,055


     Accumulated NCI                                                        1,333,206             444,047



                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                  2023          2022
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                          669,618              –
              Cost of sales                                   (610,856)             –
              Gross profit                                      58,762              –
              Loss before tax                                   (36,591)       (2,288)
              Loss for the year                                 (22,124)       (1,945)
              Total comprehensive expense                       (22,124)       (1,945)


              Loss allocated to NCI                             (10,841)         (953)


              Net cash generated from operating activities     108,454        66,378
              Net cash used in investing activities          (2,256,447)   (1,051,400)
              Net cash generated from financing activities   2,346,798     1,007,827
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes               (53)            –


              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents        198,752        22,805


      23. Investments in associates

                                                                  2023          2022
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000


              Unlisted investments:
              Share of net assets                               16,194        16,351




162   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




23. Investments in associates (Continued)
    Details of the Group’s associates are as follows:


                                   Place of         Particulars of                           Ownership
                                   incorporation paid up/                                       interest
                                   and              registered           As at             attributable      Voting       Profit Principal
     Name                          operations       capital              31 December      to the Group       power      sharing activities


     凱博(海南)私募基金                    The PRC          Registered           2022                       30%        30%         30% Private equity fund
        管理有限公司 Kaibo                                  capital of         2023                       30%        30%         30%        management
        (Hainan) Private                              RMB10,000,000
        Equity Fund
        Management Co.,
        Ltd.*


     江蘇動力及儲能電                      The PRC          Registered           2022                       48%        48%         48% Engineering and
        池創新中心有限公司                                     capital of         2023                       48%        48%         48%        technical research
        Jiangsu Power and                             RMB30,000,000                                                                   and experimental
        Energy Storage                                                                                                                development
        Battery Innovation
        Center Co., Ltd.*


     四川甘眉新航新能源資                    The PRC          Registered           2022                       40%        40%         40% Research and
        源有限責任公司                                       capital of         2023                       40%        40%         40%        development of
        Sichuan Ganmei                                RMB800,000,000                                                                  emerging energy
        Xinhang New Energy                                                                                                            technology and
        Resources Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                          Mineral washing
                                                                                                                                      and processing and
                                                                                                                                      the exploration of
                                                                                                                                      mineral resources


    *           The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.



    All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023       163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      23. Investments in associates (Continued)
              The following table shows, in aggregate, the Group’s share of the amounts of all individually immaterial associates
              that are accounted for using the equity method.


                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Carrying amounts of interests                                                           16,194            16,351



                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Loss for the year, net                                                                     (157)             (815)
              Other comprehensive income                                                                    –                 –


              Total comprehensive income                                                                 (157)             (815)


              The bank and cash balances of the Group’s associates in the PRC denominated in RMB amounted to RMB28,288,000
              (2022: RMB29,957,000). Conversion of the mentioned balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign
              currencies into RMB is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
              Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


      24. Inventories

                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Raw materials                                                                        1,062,950         3,612,561
              Work in progress                                                                     3,335,106         3,210,146
              Finished goods                                                                       2,727,712         4,999,240


                                                                                                   7,125,768        11,821,947




164   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. Trade and bills receivables

                                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     Trade receivables
     Receivables from third parties                                                          5,084,887           3,609,901
     Due from related parties (note 27)                                                         74,964                  330
     Allowance for doubtful debts                                                              (88,639)            (27,876)


                                                                                             5,071,212           3,582,355
     Bills receivables                                                                       1,758,094           1,753,102


                                                                                             6,829,306           5,335,457


    The credit terms, being granted to independent third parties, are generally within 90 days. Each customer has a
    maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain
    strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.


    The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date, and net of allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     0 to 180 days                                                                           4,808,770           3,518,891
     181 to 365 days                                                                            70,292              44,688
     1 – 2 years                                                                               191,698              18,776
     Over 2 years                                                                                   452                    –


                                                                                             5,071,212           3,582,355


    Reconciliation of allowance for trade receivables:


                                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     At 1 January                                                                               27,876              37,191
     Allowance/(reversal of allowance) for the year, net                                        60,763               (9,315)


     At 31 December                                                                             88,639              27,876




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      25. Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
              The fair values of trade and bills receivables of the Group approximated to their carrying amounts.


              Bills receivables represent short-term bank acceptance bills receivables that entitle the Group to receive the full
              face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 12 months from the date of issuance.
              Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills receivables. The Group from time to time endorses
              bills acceptance bills to suppliers in order to settle trade payables and discounts bank acceptance bills to banks in
              order to obtain working capital.


              The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amount on
              a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety.
              These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less than 12 months from the end of the reporting
              period. In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
              of these bills and has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure
              in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivables under the relevant PRC rules and regulations, should
              the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are
              of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is remote. The Group’s
              maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is same as the amount payable by the Group
              to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
              amounted to RMB1,485,431,000 (2022: RMB2,594,909,000).


              The Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and has derecognised
              these bank acceptance bills in their entirety. These discounted bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less
              than 12 months from the end of the Reporting Period. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred
              substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and the Group has minimum exposure in respect
              of the settlement obligation of these bills under the commercial practice in the PRC, should the issuing banks fail
              to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality
              and chance of non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity date is remote. The Group’s maximum
              exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
              amounted to RMB6,784,377,000 (2022: RMB940,033,000).


              Bills receivable of RMB658,426,000 (2022: RMB108,810,000) were discounted to banks or other financial institutions
              with recourse, where substantially the risks and rewards of ownership had not been transferred respectively, hence
              these discounted bills were not derecognised.


              The Group entered into a trade receivable factoring arrangement and transferred certain trade receivables of
              RMB1,700,000,000 (2022: RMBNil) to a bank without recourse. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has
              transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these receivables and the Group has minimum
              exposure in respect of the settlement obligation of these receivables under the commercial practice in the PRC. Thus,
              the Group derecognised these receivables subsequent to the transfer and the funds received.




166   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
    The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                  6,787,864           5,306,777
     USD                                                                                     30,011              25,490
     EUR                                                                                      3,374                3,190
     HKD                                                                                      8,057                     –


                                                                                          6,829,306           5,335,457


26. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables

                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                       1,255,202           3,312,789
     Prepayments                                                                          1,321,990           1,606,139
     Other tax receivables                                                                4,725,566           4,471,178
     Government grants and subsidies receivable                                           2,390,000              14,250
     Other deposits                                                                          54,800              54,398
     Other receivables                                                                       43,679                3,903


                                                                                          9,791,237           9,462,657


     Analysed as:
     Non-current assets                                                                   1,255,202           3,312,789
     Current assets                                                                       8,536,035           6,149,868


                                                                                          9,791,237           9,462,657




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023        167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      26. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Continued)
              Reconciliation of allowances for prepayments, deposits and other receivables:


                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000


              At 1 January                                                                           7,836             4,679
              (Reversal of allowance)/Allowance for the year                                          (880)            3,157


              At 31 December                                                                         6,956             7,836


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are denominated in the following
              currencies:


                                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                9,426,998        9,094,608
              USD                                                                                         –            1,769
              EUR                                                                                      732             4,638
              HKD                                                                                      736              754
              JPY                                                                                  362,771          360,888


                                                                                                 9,791,237        9,462,657




168   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




27. Balances with Related Parties

                                                                                            Note                     2023                    2022
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000


     Trade receivables
        – 中航鋰電（洛陽）有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology
            (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (“Luoyang Company”)                                          25                  74,964                      330


     Amounts due from related parties
     Trade-related:
        – Luoyang Company                                                                    (iii)               232,568                951,956
     Non-trade related:
        – 常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering
            Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)                                                               17                    314


                                                                                                                 232,585                952,270
     Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                                         –                   (116)


                                                                                                                 232,585                952,154


     Trade payables
        – Luoyang Company                                                                     30                      230               646,562


     Amounts due to related parties
     Non-trade related:
        – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction#                                                                        425,560                469,356
        – Luoyang Company                                                                                                 –                  2,156
        – Huake Engineering                                                                                           140                     140


                                                                                                                 425,700                471,652


     Total amounts due to related parties                                                                        425,700                471,652
     Less: Amounts due to related parties – current portion                                                     (425,700)              (471,652)


     Total amount due to related parties
        – non-current portion                                                                                             –                      –


    *       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.

    #       Jiangsu Chengdong Construction represents 江蘇城東建設工程有限公司




                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023          169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      27. Balances with Related Parties (Continued)
              Notes:


              (i)      The trade-related outstanding balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable within credit term of
                       180 days.


              (ii)     The non-trade related balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.


              (iii)    The balance represents the prepayment for the purchase of goods in accordance with the contractual term.


      28. Other Financial Assets
              (a)      Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                                            2023                  2022
                                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


                        Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (i)                                         38,750               75,662
                        Investment in an unlisted debt instrument, at fair value (ii)                                   149,414               149,263


                                                                                                                        188,164               224,925


                        Analysed as:
                        Current assets                                                                                    38,750               75,662
                        Non-current assets                                                                              149,414               149,263


                                                                                                                        188,164               224,925


                       (i)       The Group invested RMB100 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Shenzhen
                                 Stock Exchange and owned approximately 0.5% equity interests in the company. The fair value of the
                                 investment is based on current bid price.


                       (ii)      The Group invested RMB149.5 million in a limited liability partnership (“LLP”) set up in the PRC and
                                 being a limited partner. The investment period for LLP is six years and can be extended by one year
                                 if all partners agree. Such investment is a debt instrument, and the fair value of such investment is
                                 based on the net assets value of LLP.


                       The carrying amount of the above financial assets are mandatorily measured at FVTPL in accordance with
                       IFRS 9.


                       The investment in a listed equity security offers the Group’s the opportunity for return through dividend
                       income and fair value gains. It has no fixed maturity or coupon rate.


                       The Group’s financial assets at FVTPL are denominated in RMB.


170   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




28. Other Financial Assets (Continued)
    (b)   Financial assets at FVTOCI

                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Certificate of deposit (i)                                                        104,926             101,428
           Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (ii)                        193,060             234,590
           Investment in an unlisted equity security, at fair value (iii)                    296,793             286,712


                                                                                             594,779             622,730


           Analysed as:
           Current assets                                                                    104,926             101,428
           Non-current assets                                                                489,853             521,302


                                                                                             594,779             622,730


          (i)     The Group invested in “3-year certificate of deposit” offered by bank in the PRC with the terms that
                  the Group could not withdraw the deposits in advance but could sell them to others. The annual
                  interest rates are fixed in the range of 3.15% p.a. to 3.79% p.a. (2022: 3.15% p.a. to 3.79% p.a.).
                  As the Group managed the above financial product with the objective of both the collection of
                  contractual cash flows and sale, it was recognised as financial assets at FVTOCI in the consolidated
                  financial statements.


          (ii)    The Group invested approximately HKD392.5 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and dually
                  listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
                  owned approximately 0.3% equity interests in the company. Such investment is not held for trading
                  and the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. It is a
                  strategic investment, and the Group considers this classification to be more relevant.


          (iii)   The Group invested HKD360 million in a limited partnership fund (“LPF”) set up in Hong Kong. The
                  investment period for the LPF is indefinite. Such investment is not held for trading and the Group
                  has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. The fair value of such
                  investment is based on the net assets value of the LPF.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      28. Other Financial Assets (Continued)
              (b)     Financial assets at FVTOCI (Continued)
                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets at FVTOCI are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


                      RMB                                                                             104,926           101,428
                      HKD                                                                             489,853           521,302


                                                                                                      594,779           622,730


      29. Pledged Bank Deposits, Restricted Bank Balances and Bank and Cash
          Balances
              (a)     Pledged bank deposits
                      The Group’s pledged bank deposits represented deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities
                      granted to the Group for issuance of bank acceptance bills, letter of guarantee and letter of credit. The
                      amounts were denominated in RMB and EUR.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


              (b)     Restricted bank balances
                      The Group’s restricted bank balances represented bank balances restricted for construction of lithium-ion
                      battery manufacturing plant. The amount was denominated in RMB.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.




172   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




29. Pledged Bank Deposits, Restricted Bank Balances and Bank and Cash
    Balances (Continued)
    (c)    Bank and cash balances
           Bank and cash balances of the Group and denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


            RMB                                                                        6,724,609           9,313,895
            USD                                                                          350,036             106,797
            HKD                                                                           60,944           1,445,687
            EUR                                                                          698,373              65,435


                                                                                       7,833,962         10,931,814


           Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
           is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
           Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


30. Trade and Bills Payables

                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    Trade payables
      – Payables to third parties                                                      8,233,408           7,656,059
      – Due to related parties (note 27)                                                       230           646,562
    Bills payables                                                                   11,725,221          13,344,141


                                                                                     19,958,859          21,646,762


    Bills payables were secured by bills receivables of RMB295,713,000 (2022: RMB757,722,000) and pledged bank
    deposits of RMB938,539,000 (2022: RMB1,292,602,000) (note 29(a)).




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      30. Trade and Bills Payables (Continued)
              The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods is as follows:


                                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              0 to 180 days                                                                          8,215,702       8,297,125
              181 – 365 days                                                                               17,928           4,939
              1 – 2 years                                                                                      8              11
              Over 2 years                                                                                      –            546


                                                                                                     8,233,638       8,302,621


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                   19,955,742      21,642,493
              EUR                                                                                           3,110               –
              USD                                                                                              7            4,269


                                                                                                    19,958,859      21,646,762


      31. Accruals and Other Payables

                                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Deposits received                                                                        391,781            380,581
              Accrued salaries                                                                         263,953            279,685
              Accrued expenses                                                                         302,905            359,096
              Funds advanced from government related entities                                              11,946    1,269,760
              Payable for property, plant and equipment                                              6,410,695       4,697,186
              Other tax payables                                                                           56,793          43,436
              Other payables                                                                               75,630          60,465


                                                                                                     7,513,703       7,090,209




174   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




31. Accruals and Other Payables (Continued)
    The carrying amounts of the Group’s accruals and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                   2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                      7,471,461           7,036,779
     JPY                                                                                         41,938              52,740
     SGD                                                                                              29                    –
     EUR                                                                                              84                 690
     HKD                                                                                             191                    –


                                                                                              7,513,703           7,090,209


32. Contract Liabilities
    Contract liabilities are mainly advance payments from customers. The amounts are expected to be recognised as
    revenue within 1 year from the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                                   2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


    Billings in advance of performance obligation
      – arising from sales of products                                                          616,955             490,532


    Movements in contract liabilities:


                                                                                                   2023                2022
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


     Balance at beginning of year                                                               490,532             106,918
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in advance of battery sales       616,955             490,532
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during
       the year                                                                                (490,532)           (106,918)


     Balance at end of year                                                                     616,955             490,532




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023        175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      33. Deferred Income

                                                                                                            2023             2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


              Government grants                                                                          192,846        679,250


              Analysed as:
              Non-current liabilities                                                                    192,846        679,250


              Government grants received for which related activities/expenditure have not yet been undertaken/incurred are
              included in deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position.


              Government grants related to assets are deducted from cost of related non-current assets (note 19) and are
              recognised in profit or loss over the life of the depreciable assets as a reduced depreciation expense.


      34. Lease Liabilities

                                                                               Minimum                Present value of minimum
                                                                           lease payments                   lease payments
                                                                             2023             2022            2023           2022
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


              Within one year                                              20,539           28,881          17,036       23,969
              In the second to fifth years, inclusive                      73,095         103,471           65,765       92,448


                                                                           93,634         132,352           82,801      116,417
              Less: Future finance charges                                (10,833)         (15,935)            N/A            N/A


              Present value of lease obligations                           82,801         116,417           82,801      116,417


              Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months
                      (shown under current liabilities)                                                    (17,036)      (23,969)


              Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                                     65,765       92,448


              The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 4.75% (2022: 4.75%).


              The Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in RMB.




176   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




35. Bank Borrowings

                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


    Bank loans                                                                            29,170,734         17,707,476


    Bank loans are repayable as follows:


                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


    Within one year                                                                        8,114,805          2,479,634
    More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                        3,396,200          1,265,720
    More than two years, but not more than five years                                     15,216,960         10,599,004
    More than five years                                                                   2,442,769          3,363,118


                                                                                          29,170,734         17,707,476
    Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months (shown under current
           liabilities)                                                                   (8,114,805)           (2,479,634)


    Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                             21,055,929         15,227,842


    The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank loans are denominated in RMB.

    The average interest rates at the end of reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                2023                 2022


    Bank loans                                                                                 3.77%                4.06%


    The following bank loans are arranged at fixed interest rates and expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.
    Other borrowings are arranged at floating rates, thus exposing the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.


                                                                                               2023                 2022
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


    Arranged at fixed interest rates                                                       1,771,688            3,578,534


    Bank loans of RMB19,389,102,000 (2022: RMB10,933,530,000) are secured by the Group’s property, plant and
    equipment of RMB3,346,163,000 (2022: RMB975,977,000) (note 19) and right-of-use assets of RMB739,773,000
    (2022: RMB455,500,000) (note 20).


    At 31 December 2023, the Group had committed and undrawn short-term borrowing facilities of approximately
    RMB17,683 million and committed and undrawn long-term borrowing facilities of approximately RMB21,933 million.


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. Provisions

                                                                           Warranties            Litigations               Others                  Total
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                               (note a)             (note b)


               At 1 January 2022                                               136,396                       –                     –            136,396
               Additional provisions                                           382,154                  8,640                      –            390,794
               Provisions used                                                  (18,364)                     –                     –            (18,364)


               At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                          500,186                  8,640                      –            508,826
               Reversal                                                                 –              (8,400)                     –              (8,400)
               Additional provisions                                           515,382                       –              23,758              539,140
               Provisions used                                                  (45,602)                     –                     –            (45,602)


               At 31 December 2023                                             969,966                    240               23,758              993,964




               Analysed as:
               Current liabilities                                               74,680                   240               23,758               98,678
               Non-current liabilities                                         895,286                       –                     –            895,286


                                                                               969,966                    240               23,758              993,964


              (a)     A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products are sold. Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements,
                      the Group will rectify any product defects arising within predominantly 3 to 8 years from the date of sale. Provision is therefore
                      made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under these agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
                      warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical warranty data and a
                      weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

                      The Group has accumulated more warranty data due to increased production capacity and sales in recent years. Management
                      has determined that a more accurate estimation of the timing of warranty provision settlement can be made, resulting in the
                      classification of current and non-current portions of the warranty provision.

              (b)     As further set out in note 45(b), the Group has received civil judgements from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court regarding the Claims
                      related to Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV during November 2022 to February 2023. The civil judgements are the first instance
                      judgement, instead of the final effective judgement. The Group will appeal against the first instance judgements to the Supreme
                      Court and the Group is not required to pay the compensation amounts in the first instance judgement at present. The analysis and
                      views of the Company’s external legal advisors indicating that the compensation amounts under the first instance judgements of
                      Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV are excessive. After assessment, the Directors estimate that the probable total compensation amount
                      for the Claims related to Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV, if any, was RMB8,640,000. A provision of the same amount was provided
                      as at 31 December 2022.

                      The Company received the civil rulings from the Supreme Court in December 2023 regarding the litigations related to Patent I and
                      Patent IV, in which the Supreme Court had revoked the civil indictments from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court and the rulings were
                      final. Accordingly, the Group has reversed the relevant provision of RMB8,400,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023. The
                      remaining provision of RMB240,000 as at 31 December 2023 was related to litigation of Patent III.




178   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




37. Deferred Tax
    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted off when the taxes relate to the same tax authority and where offsetting
    is legally enforceable. The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown separately on the
    consolidated statement of financial position:


                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Deferred tax assets                                                                       568,099             582,380
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (11,948)           (110,668)


                                                                                              556,151             471,712


    The gross movement on the deferred tax account is as follows:


                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Balance at 1 January                                                                      471,712             356,380
    Credited to profit or loss (note 13)                                                       78,210             100,195
    Credited to other comprehensive income                                                       6,229             15,137


    Balance at 31 December                                                                    556,151             471,712


    Deferred tax liabilities (prior to offset)

                                                            Fair value
                                                               change
                                                          of financial
                                                                assets     Accelerated     Right-of-use
                                                             at FVTPL     depreciation            assets             Total
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


    At 1 January 2022                                            2,055            4,102            4,605           10,762
    (Credit)/charge to profit or loss for the year
       (note 13)                                                (2,055)        106,566           12,004           116,515


    At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                           –         110,668           16,609           127,277
    (Credit)/charge to profit or loss for the year
       (note 13)                                                     –            4,190           (5,290)           (1,100)


    At 31 December 2023                                              –         114,858           11,319           126,177


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      37. Deferred Tax (Continued)
              Deferred tax assets (prior to offset)

                                                                            Allowance
                                                               Allowance      on trade    Deferred    Warranty        Lease
                                                  Tax losses on inventory   receivables    income     provision   liabilities    Others       Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


              At 1 January 2022                     69,426          7,189        6,657     219,094      26,022        4,783      33,971     367,142
              (Charge)/credit to profit or loss
                for the year (note 13)             163,921         41,352       (2,450)    (66,514)     82,358       12,148      (14,105)   216,710
              Credit to other comprehensive
                income for the year                      –              –            –           –           –             –     15,137      15,137


              At 31 December 2022 and
                1 January 2023                     233,347         48,541        4,207     152,580     108,380       16,931      35,003     598,989
              (Charge)/credit to profit or loss
                for the year (note 13)              43,463         36,139        9,216     (99,833)     79,147       (5,251)     14,229      77,110
              Credit to other comprehensive
                income for the year                      –              –            –           –            –            –      6,229       6,229


              At 31 December 2023                  276,810         84,680       13,423      52,747     187,527       11,680      55,461     682,328


              As at 31 December 2023, deferred tax asset of RMB276,810,000 (2022: RMB233,347,000) was recognised in
              respect of unused tax losses of RMB1,595,741,000 (2022: RMB1,095,900,000). According to financial forecast,
              the Directors have exercised their judgement to assess that there will be sufficient future taxable profits available
              to offset against the unused tax losses. These tax losses are expected to expire after 5 to 10 years from the year of
              assessment they related to.


              No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of tax losses amounted to RMB1,065,193,000 (2022:
              RMB953,387,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.


      38. Financial Guarantees

              The Company has provided guarantees in respect of bank loans and banking facilities granted to the Company’s
              subsidiaries. Pursuant to the terms of guarantees, if there are any defaults on the loans or similar balances, the
              Company is responsible to repay the outstanding principal together with accrued interests and other costs owed by
              the defaulting subsidiaries to the banks. The Company have adopted the accounting policy for financial guarantee
              contracts as set out in note 4(s).


              The maximum potential liability of the Company at 31 December 2023 in respect of the amount of bank loans
              drawn and other banking facilities utilised by the subsidiaries under the guarantees at that date is approximately
              RMB885 million (2022: RMB2,890 million).
180   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. Put Option Liabilities

                                                                                                                  RMB’000


     At 1 January 2022                                                                                             941,132
     Issue of puttable equity – Note                                                                             5,365,847
     Changes in fair value during the year                                                                        (275,669)
     Transferred to equity                                                                                      (6,031,310)


     At 31 December 2022                                                                                                   –


    During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, the Company has signed investment agreements containing
    put options (“Written Put Option(s)”) with non-controlling shareholders of the Company’s subsidiaries, namely
    Chengdu Company, Wuhan Company, Hefei Company, Fujian Company, Jiangmen Company and Sichuan Company.
    The Written Put Options give the non-controlling shareholders the right to demand that the Company repurchases
    the equity interests of the subsidiaries held by the non-controlling shareholders within specified periods at the put
    option exercise prices.


    The Company has presented the Written Put Options as financial liabilities (i.e. put-option liabilities) with a
    corresponding debit entry to equity under reserve relating to the Written Put Options. According to the investment
    agreements, if the Company completes a listing of the Company’s shares on any domestic or foreign stock exchange,
    the Written Put Options will lapse automatically and at that time the related liabilities would be transferred to equity
    of the Company. The Group has no put option liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and 2023.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. Put Option Liabilities (Continued)
              Terms of the Written Put Options are set out below:


              Subsidiary                              Last day of exercise                Redemption amounts


              Chengdu Company                         29 May 2028                         The higher of (i) value of equity interest held by non-
                                                                                             controlling shareholder as determined by qualified
                                                                                             professional valuer and (ii) investment principal
                                                                                             paid by non-controlling shareholder


              Wuhan Company                           15 July 2026                        To be determined with reference to valuation
                                                                                             assessment of relevant government regulating
                                                                                             agency


              Hefei Company                           25 September 2028                   The highest of (i) the value of equity interest held
                                                                                             by non – controlling shareholder as determined
                                                                                             by qualified professional valuer and (ii) investment
                                                                                             principal paid by non-controlling shareholder plus
                                                                                             6% p.a. simple interest


              Fujian Company                          22 February 2027                    To be determined with reference to valuation
                                                                                             assessment of relevant government regulating
                                                                                             agency


              Jiangmen Company                        23 February 2030                    To be determined with reference to valuation
                                                                                             assessment of relevant government regulating
                                                                                             agency


              Sichuan Company                         2 April 2028                        To be determined with reference to valuation
                                                                                             assessment of relevant government regulating
                                                                                             agency


              Note:

              The fair value of redemption amounts are estimated by the Directors using the amounts injected by non-controlling shareholders of the
              subsidiaries, the internal rate of return (“IRR”) of respective underlying projects and assuming the non-controlling shareholders will exercise
              the Written Put Options at end of the respective exercisable period. The Directors are of the opinion that the IRR used in the feasibility study
              of the underlying projects undertaken by the subsidiaries are the best estimate for the purpose of estimating the future redemption amounts
              payable by the Company. The IRR are ranged approximately from 8.9% to 13.5%. When measuring the financial liabilities of the Company
              and the Group for the Written Put Options, the Company’s discount rate of approximately 10.3% to 12.5% is used.




182   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




40. Share-Based Payments
    During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company approved and adopted a share incentive scheme (“2019
    Share Incentive Scheme”) involving 6 senior management, namely, Ms. Liu Jingyu, Dr. Pan Fangfang, Mr. Dai Ying,
    Mr. Geng Yan’an, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang and Mr. He Fan (collectively, the “Six Senior Management”). The purposes
    of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme are to stimulate the enthusiasm and creativity of the Six Senior Management,
    enhance their sense of responsibility and mission of achieving the Company’s long-term sustainable and healthy
    development, and ensure the realization of the Company’s strategic goals.


    The Six Senior Management have formed a limited company, Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment (“Share Incentive
    Vehicle”). A limited partnership company, Lihang Jinzhi (“Partnership”) was formed, and the Share Incentive
    Vehicle and a related entity of a government shareholder of the Company (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”)
    were required to contribute RMB10 million and RMB1,500 million, respectively, to the Partnership. After that, the
    Partnership has subscribed for registered capital of the Company.


    The Partnership has a prescribed operation period of 10 years, and all investment proceeds of it (after deducting
    expenses and tax), including all distribution, interest and dividend from the Company will be distributed to the Share
    Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment in the following manner:


    (a)    Distribute to the Share Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment proportionally to their capital
           contribution of the Partnership until they fully recover their capital contributions to it;


    (b)    Any investment proceeds in excess of (a) above will be firstly distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment
           in an amount that represent 6% annual return to its capital contribution to the Partnership;


    (c)    2 years after all legal and regulatory requirements for freely disposing the Partnership’s equity interest in the
           Company are fulfilled, and after the distributions in (a) and (b) above, the Partnership shall dispose of all its
           equity interest in the Company. 20% of the net proceeds from the disposal will be distributed to the Share
           Incentive Vehicle and the remaining 80% will be distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment.


    The manner of distribution above enables the Six Senior Management to receive possible future cash proceeds,
    through the Share Incentive Vehicle, that are disproportionate to their share of capital injections into the Partnership
    and the amount of such future cash proceeds to be received by the Share Incentive Vehicle will depend on many
    factors including future price of the Company’s equity, vesting date and other factors.


    The awards of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have been accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment.
    The management estimate the fair value of the awards and the length of the vesting period at grant date. The date
    of vesting will need to be re-estimated at each reporting date. The share-based payment expense will be recognised
    over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity of the consolidated statement of financial position as a
    capital contribution from government shareholder of the Company.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023        183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      40. Share-Based Payments (Continued)
              Independent professional valuer was engaged to assist the management to determine the grant date fair value of
              the awards by binomial tree method with the following assumptions and inputs:


              Vesting date initially estimated                                                                30 July 2027
              Price per each registered capital of the Company                                                RMB1.02
              Risk free rate                                                                                  3.69%
              Dividend yield                                                                                  Nil
              Estimated volatility of return of the Company’s equity                                          53.72%


              The fair value of the awards at grant date is estimated to be approximately RMB163 million. The following table set
              out the estimated vesting date adopted at each reporting date and the share-based payment expense charged to the
              consolidated profit and loss of the Group.


                                                                                                                       Share-based
                                                                                                                           payment
                                                                                                                           expense
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


              For the year ended 31 December 2023                                                                            40,631
              For the year ended 31 December 2022                                                                            40,631


      41. Share Capital

                                                                                    2023                            2022
                                                                             Number                         Number
              Registered and paid-in capital:                    Note       of Shares       Amount         of Shares         Amount
                                                                                           RMB’000                           RMB’000


              At the beginning of the year                              1,772,301,858      1,772,302   1,506,456,558       1,506,457
              Issuance of H-shares upon Global Offering           (i)               –              –    265,845,300          265,845


              At the end of the year                                    1,772,301,858      1,772,302   1,772,301,858       1,772,302




184   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. Share Capital (Continued)

                                                                        2023                                      2022
                                                               Number       Nominal value                Number       Nominal value
     Class and structure of shares:                          of Shares            per share            of Shares            per share
                                                                                        RMB                                       RMB


     Domestic shares                                    1,506,456,558                       1     1,506,456,558                       1
     H-shares                                             265,845,300                       1       265,845,300                       1


     At end of the year                                 1,772,301,858                             1,772,301,858


    Note:


    (i)     On 6 October 2022, the Company issued 265,845,300 H-shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each at a price of HKD38.00 per
            share by way of Global Offering. Net proceeds after deducting related listing fee from such issuance amounted to approximately
            RMB8,947 million out of which approximately RMB266 million and approximately RMB8,681 million were recorded in share capital
            and capital reserve respectively.


    The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
    and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.


    The Group sets the amount of capital in proportion to risk. The Group manages the capital structure and makes
    adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the payment of dividends, issue new
    shares, buy-back shares, raise new debts, redeem existing debts or sell assets to reduce debts.


    The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-equity ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
    total equity including non-controlling interests. Net debt includes amounts due to related parties (non-trade nature),
    lease liabilities and interest-bearing bank borrowings, less cash and cash equivalents.


    During 2022, the Group’s policy was to maintain a low debt-to-equity ratio, in order to secure access to finance at
    a reasonable cost. In 2023, the Group adopted a new policy of keeping a higher but manageable debt-to-equity
    ratio. The new policy aims to meet the increased liquidity needs of its ongoing operations and to ensure the timely
    completion of its new production facilities.




                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      41. Share Capital (Continued)
              The debt-to-equity ratio at the end of reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


              Amounts due to related parties (non-trade in nature)                                     425,700            471,652
              Lease liabilities                                                                         82,801            116,417
              Bank borrowings                                                                      29,170,734         17,707,476


                                                                                                   29,679,235         18,295,545
              Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                       (7,833,962)      (10,931,814)


              Net debt                                                                             21,845,273          7,363,731


              Total equity including non-controlling interests                                     46,385,790         41,575,459


              Debt-to-equity ratio                                                                      47.1%              17.7%


              The increase in the debt-to-equity ratio during 2023 resulted primarily from increase of bank borrowings.


              The externally imposed capital requirements for the Group are: (i) in order to maintain its listing on the Stock
              Exchange, the minimum public float of the H-shares of the Company shall be the higher of 13.08% of the total
              issued share capital of the Company, and the percentage of H-shares held by the public immediately following the
              completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option; and (ii) to meet financial covenants
              attached to the interest-bearing borrowings.




186   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
    (a)   Statement of financial position of the Company

                                                                                  2023                2022
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


          Non-current assets
          Property, plant and equipment                                        13,520              35,535
          Right-of-use assets                                                  17,634              18,616
          Intangible assets                                                   280,467             308,285
          Investments in subsidiaries                                      25,608,922          21,505,507
          Investments in an associate                                           9,463               9,466
          Loan to a subsidiary                                                      –           1,095,607
          Other financial assets                                              342,474             383,853
          Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment      368,522             374,516
          Deferred tax assets                                                 114,395             120,129


                                                                           26,755,397          23,851,514


          Current assets
          Inventories                                                         243,106           1,367,444
          Trade and bills receivables                                      18,890,189          19,171,098
          Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       1,167,587           1,513,876
          Amounts due from related parties                                  3,133,639           4,074,058
          Other financial assets                                               38,750              75,662
          Pledged bank deposits                                               698,673             759,522
          Restricted bank balances                                                252                 252
          Bank and cash balances                                            4,882,758           6,334,934


                                                                           29,054,954          33,296,846


          Current liabilities
          Trade and bills payables                                         16,525,032          19,916,647
          Accruals and other payables                                         370,664             340,583
          Contract liabilities                                                614,903             539,259
          Amounts due to related parties                                      474,677              84,137
          Lease liabilities                                                       451                 711
          Bank borrowings                                                   2,347,955             773,543
          Provisions                                                          144,159             136,089
          Financial guarantees                                                 18,189              31,490


                                                                           20,496,030          21,822,459


          Net current assets                                                 8,558,924         11,474,387


          Total assets less current liabilities                            35,314,321          35,325,901




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023        187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      42. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
          (Continued)
              (a)     Statement of financial position of the Company (Continued)

                                                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


                      Non-current liabilities
                      Deferred income                                                                 2,606           2,110
                      Lease liabilities                                                                      –         451
                      Bank borrowing                                                              1,200,000       1,300,000


                                                                                                  1,202,606       1,302,561


                      NET ASSETS                                                                 34,111,715      34,023,340


                      Capital and reserves
                      Share capital                                                               1,772,302       1,772,302
                      Reserves                                                                   32,339,413      32,251,038


                      TOTAL EQUITY                                                               34,111,715      34,023,340


                      Approved by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2024 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                            LIU Jingyu                                          DAI Ying




188   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
    (Continued)
    (b)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                     Contribution                                               Financial    (Accumulated
                                                       Capital                from             Other         Put option          assets at losses)/retained
                                                       reserve       shareholder           reserve              reserve    FVTOCI reserve         earnings           Total
                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


          At 1 January 2022                         23,771,631              58,349              (160)          (926,620)                –         (193,370)     22,709,830


          Total comprehensive income for the year            –                   –                 –                  –           (85,778)         239,082        153,304
          Disposal of associates                             –                   –              160                   –                 –                  –          160
          Issue of puttable equity (note 39)                 –                   –                 –         (5,365,847)                –                  –    (5,365,847)
          Transferred from put option liabilities
            (note 39)                                        –                   –                 –          6,031,310                 –                  –     6,031,310
          Share-based payments (note 40)                     –              40,631                 –                  –                 –                  –       40,631
          Issuance of ordinary shares upon Global
            Offering (note 41(i))                    8,681,650                   –                 –                  –                 –                  –     8,681,650


          Changes in equity for the year             8,681,650              40,631              160            665,463            (85,778)         239,082       9,541,208


          At 31 December 2022                       32,453,281              98,980                 –           (261,157)          (85,778)          45,712      32,251,038



                                                                               Contribution                                Financial
                                                                 Capital                from            Put option         assets at          Retained
                                                                 reserve       shareholder                 reserve FVTOCI reserve              earnings             Total
                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


          At 1 January 2023                               32,453,281                  98,980              (261,157)         (85,778)             45,712        32,251,038


          Total comprehensive income for the year                      –                   –                     –          (35,303)           119,831            84,528
          Share-based payments (note 40)                               –              40,631                     –                 –                   –          40,631
          Share issue expenses                                   (36,784)                  –                     –                 –                   –          (36,784)


          Changes in equity for the year                         (36,784)             40,631                     –          (35,303)           119,831            88,375


          At 31 December 2023                             32,416,497                 139,611              (261,157)        (121,081)           165,543         32,339,413




                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023             189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. RESERVES
              (a)     The Group
                      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated statements of
                      profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statements of changes in equity.


              (b)     Nature and purpose of reserves
                     (i)     Capital reserve
                              Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and may
                              be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new shares to
                              shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares
                              currently held by the shareholders.


                     (ii)    Merger reserve
                              Merger reserve represents the difference of consideration paid and the carrying amount of net assets
                              acquired in a combination under common control.


                     (iii)   Safety production fund
                              Pursuant to certain regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
                              Work Safety, the Group is required to set aside from profit after tax an amount to a legal reserve at
                              different rates ranging from 0.05% to 2.35% of the total revenue recognised for the previous year.
                              The reserve can be utilised for improvements of safety on the manufacturing work, and the amounts
                              are generally expenses in nature and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as
                              incurred, and at the same time the corresponding amounts of safety reserve fund were utilised and
                              transferred back to retained profits until such special reserve was fully utilised.


                     (iv)    Contribution from shareholder
                              The share-based payments as set out in note 40 are credited as contribution from shareholder.


                     (v)     Exchange reserve
                              The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                              financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with accounting
                              policies set out in note 4(f) to the consolidated financial statements.


                     (vi)    Other reserve
                              The other reserve represents the share of other comprehensive income of associates.


                     (vii) Financial assets at FVTOCI reserve
                              The financial assets at FVTOCI reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                              financial assets at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in accordance with
                              the accounting policy in note 4(n) to the consolidated financial statements.


190   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




44. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
    (a)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
          The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
          and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
          future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
          financing activities.


                                                                                    Interest
                                         1 January        Cash      Inception      expenses    Effect of lease   31 December
                                             2023         flows      of leases     (note 12)    modification            2023
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


          Lease liabilities (note 34)     116,417       (23,727)        5,487         4,691           (20,067)        82,801
          Bank borrowing (note 35)      17,707,476   10,496,771             –       966,487                 –     29,170,734


                                        17,823,893   10,473,044         5,487       971,178           (20,067)    29,253,535



                                                                                    Interest
                                         1 January        Cash      Inception      expenses    Effect of lease   31 December
                                             2022         flows      of leases     (note 12)    modification            2022
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


          Lease liabilities (note 34)      26,751       (22,408)      114,304         4,691            (6,921)       116,417
          Bank borrowing (note 35)       2,890,647   14,461,092             –       355,737                 –     17,707,476


                                         2,917,398   14,438,684       114,304       360,428            (6,921)    17,823,893




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      44. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
              (b)     Total cash outflow for leases
                      Amounts included in the consolidated statements of cash flows for leases comprise the following:


                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Within operating cash flows                                                     160,873              89,357
                      Within investing cash flows                                                     246,389             920,862
                      Within financing cash                                                            19,036              18,027


                                                                                                      426,298            1,028,246


                      These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Lease rental paid                                                               179,909             107,384
                      Payments for right-of-use assets                                                246,389             920,862


                                                                                                      426,298            1,028,246


      45. Contingent Liabilities
              (a)     The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables, discounted
                      certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and entered into factoring arrangement
                      to transfer trade receivables to a bank without recourse. These outstanding endorsed bank acceptance
                      bills, discounted bank acceptance bills and factored trade receivables are generally with maturities no more
                      than 12 months. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and
                      rewards relating to these instruments, the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were
                      discharged in accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of
                      these instruments is low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks or enterprises.
                      As a result, the relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated financial statements.
                      The maximum exposure to the Group that may result from the default of these endorsed, discounted and
                      factored instruments at 31 December are as follows:


                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Endorsed or discounted bills                                                  8,269,808            3,534,942
                      Factored trade receivables                                                    1,700,000                    –


                                                                                                    9,969,808            3,534,942



192   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




45. Contingent Liabilities (Continued)
    (b)   During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
          property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
          the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
          Luoyang Company is also a joint defendant in the Claim related to Patent II.


          During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
          VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
          Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.


          The Company received the respective first-instance judgements for the claims of Patent I, Patent III and
          Patent IV delivered by Fuzhou Intermediate Court between November 2022 and February 2023. After due
          consideration, the Company made a total provision of RMB8.64 million for the claims of Patent I, Patent III
          and Patent IV based on the assessment result of the compensation amounts of the internal legal counsel and
          external legal counsel by the end of 2022.


          In December 2023, the Supreme Court has revoked the civil indictments from Fuzhou Intermediate Court
          regarding claims of Patent I and Patent IV. As a result, the Company has reversed the provision of RMB8.4
          million related to claims of Patent I and Patent IV by the end of 2023. Details are set out in note 36 to the
          consolidated financial statements.


          Regarding Claim of Patent III, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court in
          November 2022 and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately cease selling products
          infringing the relevant patent, (2) the Group shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB2.63
          million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million, (3) the Group to pay RMB0.13 million fees for the temporary
          protection period for the relevant patent, and (4) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out
          in the Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. The litigation has no significant progress during
          the year ended 31 December 2023, hence the Directors determined to maintain the provision of RMB240,000
          for Claim of Patent III as at 31 December 2023. Details are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
          statements.


          After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal counsel, the
          Directors are of the view that the claims relating to Patent II and Patent VI are lacking in merit, and it is not
          probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the claims related to them.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023        193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      45. Contingent Liabilities (Continued)
              (b)     (Continued)
                      Accordingly, the Group has the following contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and 2023:


                                                                                                           Damages             Expenses
                                                                                                         claimed by          claimed by
                      Claims related to:                                                                        CATL               CATL
                                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

                      Patent II
                      relates to an air tightness
                          detection structure of explosion-proof
                          device arranged on the battery cover                                             365,000*              1,200*


                      Patent VI
                      relates to battery package assembly                                                  130,000*                 500*


                      *       The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II and Patent VI, and Luoyang
                              Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.


              Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2023.


      46. Capital Commitments
              Commitments contracted for at the end of the respective reporting period but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


              Property, plant and equipment                                                              19,153,765          28,629,450
              Intangible assets                                                                               24,653             24,786
              Leasehold Lands                                                                                  3,101             15,045
              Capital contribution to associates                                                             320,000            320,000
              Capital contribution to partnership funds                                                      149,500            215,500
              Capital contribution to share subscription                                                     177,068                    –


                                                                                                         19,828,087          29,204,781




194   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




47. Operating Lease Arrangements
    The Group as lessee
    The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for office equipment, staff quarters, office premise, factories,
    motor vehicles and warehouses. As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to
    the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed in note 20.


    As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, the outstanding lease commitments relating to these short-term leases are
    RMB29,757,000 and RMB35,078,000 respectively.


    The Group as lessor
    Operating leases relate to property owned by the Group with lease terms of 1 year. The lessee does not have an
    option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease period.


    As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, there were no minimum lease payments receivable on leases.


    The following table presents the amounts reported in profit or loss:


                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


    Lease income on operating leases                                                           8,330                5,147




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023        195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      48. Related Party Transactions
              (a)     Names and relationships of the related parties that had material transactions and balances with the Group
                      during the year:


                      Name of party                                                                     Relationship


                      常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering                                          Shareholder
                          Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)


                      中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology                                     Entity controlled by shareholders of the
                          (Luoyang) Co., Ltd. (“Luoyang Company”)
                                                *
                                                                                                        Company@


                      江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong                                                    Entity controlled by shareholders of the
                          Construction Projects Co., Ltd.*                                              Company
                          (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)


                      常州市金壇區東鋰新能源科技發展有限公司 Changzhou City                                                Entity controlled by shareholders of the
                          Jintan District Dongli New Energy Technology Development                      Company
                          Co., Ltd. (“Dongli New Energy Technology”)
                                   *




                      廈門金圓投資集團有限公司 Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment                                   Shareholder
                          Group Company Limited* (“Jinyuan Investment”)


                      *       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.

                      @
                              Luoyang Company ceased to be an associate after the Company disposed of 49% equity interests of Luoyang Company on
                              9 March 2022 and became an entity controlled by shareholders of the Company.




196   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




48. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
    (b)   The Group had the following material transactions with its related parties during the year:


                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


          Revenue from sales of goods to
             – Luoyang Company                                                              163,961                     –
          Entrusted processing services from
             – Luoyang Company                                                            1,956,184           3,486,061
          Purchase of goods and services from
             – Luoyang Company                                                                      –                816
          Purchase of property, plant and equipment from
             – Dongli New Energy Technology                                                         –            91,455
             – Luoyang Company                                                               23,114                     –
          Disposal of property, plant and equipment to
             – Luoyang Company                                                                1,157                  214
          Rental fee income from
             – Huake Engineering                                                              5,366                4,409
          Rental fee charged by
             – Huake Engineering                                                                 418               1,201
             – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                                       –              4,696
            – Luoyang Company                                                                 3,052                     –
          Transportation and miscellaneous fee paid on behalf by
            – Luoyang Company                                                                12,858                     –
          Construction fees charged by
            – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                                130,376             493,229


          Since March 2021, Jinyuan Investment has been providing financial guarantee to a subsidiary of the Group,
          Xiamen Company in favour of a group of 6 banks, to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal
          amount (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of
          8 years. The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the
          guarantee agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under
          the loan agreement.


          Since January 2022, Jinyuan Investment has been providing another financial guarantee to Xiamen
          Company, in favour of a group of 6 banks to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount
          (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years.
          The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee
          agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan
          agreement.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023        197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      48. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
              (c)     Balances with related parties


                      Details of the Group’s balances with related parties at the end of reporting period are disclosed in note 27.


              (d)     The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management during the year was as
                      follows:


                                                                                                                     Retirement
                                                                                    Salaries,   Equity-settled           benefit
                                                                                  bonus and       share-based            scheme
                                                                         Fees    allowances          payments     contributions            Total
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


                      Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士)                              –          5,084              8,126               32          13,242
                      Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生)                               –          3,411              6,094               66           9,571
                      Ms. Gao Yan (高豔女士)                                    –          2,899                  –               46           2,945
                      Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生)                            –          2,888              2,032               46           4,966
                      Mr. He Fan (何凡先生)                                     –          2,884              2,032               40           4,956
                      Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生)                                    –          2,877                  –               32           2,909
                      Directors and supervisors as
                         disclosed in note 16(a)                         720          11,235            22,347               118          34,420


                      Total for year ended
                         31 December 2023                                720          31,278            40,631               380          73,009


                      Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士)                              –          4,044              8,126               32          12,202
                      Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生)                               –          3,077              6,094               58           9,229
                      Ms. Gao Yan (高豔女士)                                    –          2,366                  –               43           2,409
                      Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生)                            –          1,839              2,032               11           3,882
                      Mr. He Fan (何凡先生)                                     –          1,852              2,032               38           3,922
                      Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生)                                    –          1,853                  –               32           1,885
                      Directors and supervisors as
                         disclosed in note 16(a)                         180           9,329            22,347               112          31,968


                      Total for year ended 31 December
                         2022                                            180          24,360            40,631               326          65,497


                      Notes:


                      The amounts disclosed above represent remuneration paid or payable to the directors and other members of senior management of
                      the Company as key management personnel of the Group’s entities.




198   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




49. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
    (a)    On 10 January 2024, the Company entered into a facility agreement with certain lending banks to act as
           guarantor of a EUR200 million bank loan facility for a subsidiary.


    (b)    On 14 March 2024, the Company has received the approval granted by The Stock Exchange of Hong
           Kong Limited for the listing of and permission to deal in 345,822,805 H-Shares (“Converted H-Shares”) as
           described below. Subject to the required procedures as set out in the Company’s announcement dated 14
           March 2024, 345,822,805 existing domestic shares of the Company will be converted into the Converted
           H-Shares.


    Apart from the above, the Group had no other material event after the reporting period as at 31 December 2023.


50. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
    The comparative figures of investment and other income (note 9) have been re-presented to include government
    grants and subsidies to conform with the current reporting period presentation.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023        199
      Financial Summary


                                                         2023            2022              2021           2020           2019
                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                  (Re-presented) (Re-presented) (Re-presented)


      Revenue                                        27,005,885     20,374,942        6,817,115      2,825,419      1,733,832
      Cost of sales                                 (23,494,367)   (18,271,422)      (6,306,165)    (2,345,087)    (1,471,940)


      Gross profit                                    3,511,518     2,103,520          510,950        480,332         261,892

      Investment and other income                       200,492        208,849          256,564         45,915        127,086
      Other (losses) and gains, net                    (877,052)       (62,872)         (89,541)        61,906       (142,008)
      Selling expenses                                 (343,162)      (288,264)        (149,167)       (82,332)       (52,523)
      Administrative expenses                          (675,753)      (590,974)        (334,419)      (228,660)      (165,751)
      Research and development expenses                (991,961)      (664,758)        (222,523)      (191,504)      (126,242)
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                        –              –          347,240              –              –
      Impairment loss on investment in associates             –              –         (178,700)             –              –
      (Impairment loss)/reversal of impairment
         loss on trade and bill receivables             (60,763)         9,315          (26,600)       (23,351)       (35,418)
      Reversal of impairment loss/impairment
         loss on prepayments,deposits and other
         receivables                                       880          (3,157)            (682)        (1,281)        (1,659)


      Profit/(loss) from operations                     764,199       711,659          113,122          61,025       (134,623)
      Finance costs                                    (330,439)      (65,217)         (24,975)        (57,365)       (41,175)
      Share of (losses)/profits of associates              (157)         (815)         (24,714)            637         (8,715)


      Profit/(loss) before tax                         433,603        645,627           63,433           4,297       (184,513)
      Income tax credit/(expense)                        3,560         47,910           48,107         (22,625)        28,112


      Profit/(loss) for the year                       437,163        693,537          111,540         (18,328)      (156,401)


      Attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                            294,377        691,626          140,029           5,157       (118,690)
      Non-controlling interests                        142,786          1,911          (28,489)        (23,485)       (37,711)


                                                       437,163        693,537          111,540         (18,328)      (156,401)


      Non-current assets                             73,318,005    53,101,171       20,034,407     10,519,656       6,281,947
      Current assets                                 32,111,020    37,359,447       18,586,078      7,570,795       4,607,428


      Total assets                                  105,429,025    90,460,618       38,620,485     18,090,451      10,889,375


      Current liabilities                            36,821,461    32,774,951        9,890,350       5,066,820      3,633,200
      Non-current liabilities                        22,221,774    16,110,208        3,744,011         415,010      1,190,376


      Total liabilities                              59,043,235    48,885,159       13,634,361       5,481,830      4,823,576




200   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                       Definitions and Glossary


“Articles of Association”      the Articles of Association of the Company currently in force


“associate(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Board”                        the board of directors of the Company


“Chengdu Company”              CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), a company established
                               under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 29 May 2021 and owned as to 51%
                               by our Company and 49% by Chengdu Heavy Industry Longjin, a direct non-wholly
                               owned subsidiary of our Company


“Company”, “CALB”,             CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司), H Shares of which are listed
  “we” or“us”                  on the Stock Exchange with stock code of 3931


“connected person(s)”          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“connected transaction(s)”     has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“continuing connected          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
  transaction(s)”


“controlling shareholder(s)”   has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                  the director(s) of the Company


“Domestic Share(s)”            ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                               each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi


“Fujian Company”               CALB Fujian Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), a company established under
                               the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 22 February 2022 and owned as to 51%
                               by our Company and 49% by Xiamen Industrial Investment, a direct non-wholly owned
                               subsidiary of our Company


“Group”                        the Company and its subsidiaries


“H Share(s)”                   the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal
                               value of RMB1.00 each, which are traded in Hong Kong dollars and listed on the Main
                               Board of the Stock Exchange


“H Share Shareholder(s)”       holder(s) of H Shares


“Hefei Company”                CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), a company established under
                               the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 25 September 2021 in which our Company
                               is entitled to exercise more than 50% of the voting rights, a direct non wholly-owned
                               subsidiary of our Company

                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      201
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


      “Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity(ies) or person(s) who, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
                                       of the Directors, is/are not a connected person(s) of the Company within the meaning
                                       ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


      “Jiangmen Company”               CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司), a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 23 February 2022 and owned as to
                                       63.7% by our Company and 36.3% by Jiangmen City Haina New Energy Investment
                                       Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (江門市海納新能源投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a direct
                                       non-wholly owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Jiangsu Company”                CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司), a company established under
                                       the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 23 June 2021, a direct wholly owned
                                       subsidiary of our Company


      ”Jiangsu Research Institute”     CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究院 ( 江蘇 ) 有限公司 ), a company
                                       established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 11 November 2016, a
                                       direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Jincheng Technology”            Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金城科
                                       技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                       liability on 7 December 2015 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a connected person
                                       of the Company


      “Jinhang Holding”                Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金航控股有限公司), a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 2 March 2022, which is owned as
                                       to 40% by Jincheng Technology, 30% by Cai Dongze (蔡東澤), an Independent Third
                                       Party, 12.5% by Nanjing Ruiguan Enterprise Management Centre (Limited Partnership)*
                                       ( 南京瑞冠企業管理中心 ( 有限合夥 ) ) , 12.5% b y W u x i F e n g s h e n g h u i E n t e r p r i s e
                                       Management Partnership Business (Limited Partnership)* (無錫豐晟匯企業管理合夥企業
                                       (有限合夥)) and 5% by Jiangsu Fengchuang Environmental Energy Co., Ltd* (江蘇楓創
                                       環保能源有限公司), an Independent Third Party. Jinhang Holding is a connected person
                                       of our Company


      “Jinsha Investment               Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙科技投資有限公司), a
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 4 May 2008
                                       and wholly owned by Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Group”                   namely Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International,
                                       Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Holding”                 Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司), a company
                                       established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16 September 2014
                                       and wholly owned by the Government of Jintan District, a connected person of the
                                       Company


202   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                            Definitions and Glossary




“Jintan Hualuogeng”      Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華
                         羅庚科技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                         limited liability on 12 December 2014 and owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding and
                         10% by Changzhou Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (常州投資集團有限公司), respectively,
                         a connected person of the Company


“Jintan International”   Jiangsu Jintan National Development International Investment Development Co., Ltd.*
                         (江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the
                         PRC with limited liability on 16 December 2010 and exercising its voting rights in our
                         Shares in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding, a connected person of our
                         Company


“Jinyuan Investment”     Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓投資集團有限公司), a company
                         established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 July 2011 and wholly
                         owned by Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd., one of our Pre-IPO Investors and
                         Substantial Shareholders


“Lihang Jinzhi”          Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (廈門鋰
                         航金智股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership established under
                         the laws of the PRC on 29 July 2019 whose general partner is Xiamen Lihang Equity
                         Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors, a connected person of our Company


“Listing Rules”          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


“Luoyang Company”        China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司), a
                         company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 14 September
                         2009, which is owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and 49% by Jinhang
                         Holding, and a connected person of our Company


“Materials Company”      CALB Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd* (中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司), a company
                         established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 26 January 2022, a direct
                         wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Model Code”             Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers


“PRC” or “China”         the People’s Republic of China


“Prospectus”             the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022


“Reporting Period”       from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023


“RMB”                    Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFO”                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                         amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       203
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the issued capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                       each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)


      “Shareholder(s)”                 shareholders of the Company


      “Shenzhen Research Institute”    CALB Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限公司), a
                                       company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 28 May 2021,
                                       a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Sichuan Company”                CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(四川)有限公司), a company established under
                                       the laws of the PRC on 2 April 2022 and owned as to 51% by our Company and 49%
                                       by Meishan City Industrial Development Investment Guidance Fund Center (Limited
                                       Partnership)* (眉山市產業發展投資引導基金中心(有限合夥))


      “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


      “subsidiary(ies)”                has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “Supervisor(s)”                  the supervisor(s) of the Company


      “Wuhan Company”                  CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司), a company established under
                                       the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2021 and owned as to 51% by our
                                       Company and 49% by Wuhan Jingkai Investment Co., Ltd., a direct non-wholly owned
                                       subsidiary of our Company


      “Xiamen Company”                 CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司), a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2019 and a direct wholly-
                                       owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Xiamen Industrial Investment”   Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Xiamen Jinyuan Industry
                                       Development Company Limited, which was renamed Xiamen Industrial Investment Co.,
                                       Ltd. on 15 March 2024), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                       liability on 13 August 2014 and wholly owned by Jinyuan Investment, one of our Pre-
                                       IPO Investors and Substantial Shareholders


      “%”                              percent




204   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
