中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code: 3931



We have committed to the development, innovation and technological
leadership in the new energy field, continued to build the healthy
ecosystem of the new energy industry, and effectively fulfilled our
responsibilities of energy security and sustainable development for
human beings.




2024
ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                       2
CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT                                      4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                          6
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT    27
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                44
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                          67
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                               86
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS                   96
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND               97
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION               98
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY               100
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                      102
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            104
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                         217
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY                                  218
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Executive Directors                                      Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and president)
    Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             AUDITOR
    Non-executive Directors                                  RSM Hong Kong
                                                             29/F, Lee Garden Two
    Ms. HU Jing (appointed on 31 December 2024)
                                                             28 Yun Ping Road
    Mr. LI Jiancun (appointed on 31 December 2024)
                                                             Causeway Bay
    Ms. XIE Jieping (appointed on 31 December 2024)
                                                             Hong Kong
    Mr. Zhou Sheng (retired on 31 December 2024)
    Mr. Zhang Guoqing (retired on 31 December 2024)
    Mr. Li Yunxiang (resigned on 26 August 2024)
                                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                             No. 1
    Independent Non-executive Directors                      Jiangdong Avenue
                                                             Jintan District
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
                                                             Changzhou City
    Mr. Wang Susheng
                                                             Jiangsu Province
    Mr. Chen Zetong
                                                             PRC

    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE IN
    Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)                              THE PRC
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
                                                             No. 1
    Mr. Chen Zetong
                                                             Jiangdong Avenue
                                                             Jintan District
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                             Changzhou City
    Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman)                              Jiangsu Province
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           PRC
    Mr. Chen Zetong
                                                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     HONG KONG
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman)                              40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                                         No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          Hong Kong

    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                H SHARE REGISTRAR
    Mr. Dai Ying                                             Tricor Investor Services Limited
    Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)                 17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                             16 Harcourt Road
                                                             Hong Kong




2   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                         Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL BANKS
China Construction Bank Corporation
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.


STOCK CODE
3931


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.calb-tech.com




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024   3
    Chairwoman’s Statement



                                                                                         Dear shareholders:

                                                                                         On behalf of the board of directors
                                                                                         of CALB Group Co., Ltd., I hereby
                                                                                         present to the shareholders the
                                                                                         annual report of the Group for the
                                                                                         year ended 31 December 2024.




    2024: Starting from the Heart, Gathering Energy for Innovation
    As a battery specialist, we maintained cutting-edge technological capabilities while delivering reliable “premium batteries”
    to market and clients and creating value to the maximum extent. Meanwhile, we deeply integrated ESG concepts into our
    strategic layout, and injected new growth driver for the sustainable development through green innovation and undertaking
    of responsibilities.


    In 2024, we made new breakthroughs in the fields of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, energy storage, marine,
    and low-altitude economy. The company’s shipment volume exceeded 10GWh in a single month, of which, in passenger
    vehicle market, our solutions were integrated into 25 new vehicle models, supporting strategic customers for debut of all
    of their models; in commercial vehicle market, the annual number of new vehicles increased by 150% year-on-year with
    installed capacity achieving substantial growth; in energy storage market, we experienced a high-speed growth by securing
    orders for the world’s largest and Europe’s largest energy storage projects in 2024, respectively; in ship market, we secure
    a number of international large-scale commercial ship projects.


    In 2024, insisting on innovation leadership, we have launched innovative technologies and products for all-scenario
    applications, namely “Top-tier” (頂流), “UltraRange” (至遠), “UltraLife” (至久), and “Boundless” (無界) batteries. Our
    key energy storage technology and application project received the “National Science and Technology Progress Award.”
    Furthermore, our patent “Battery Module and Battery Pack” (Patent No.: ZL202011563209.0) was honored with an
    Excellent Award at the China Patent Awards. Representing new-quality productivity with “leading technologies and
    products”, we achieve high-quality development and continuously lead industry innovation and upgrades, making new
    contributions to the sector’s healthy development, and empowering green travel and low-carbon lifestyle.




4   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                       Chairwoman’s Statement




At the same time, we have always been guided by the national “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” strategy and the
global sustainable development goals. In 2024, aiming at the goal of “carbon neutrality in core operations by 2030 and
carbon neutrality in our value chain by 2040”, we established a full-lifecycle carbon management and operation mechanism.
We completed the ISO14064 certification, and were awarded the first batch of pilot product carbon footprint mark
certification in Jiangsu Province. We strived to promote the coordinated carbon reduction in the entire supply chain in the
fields of carbon emissions, recycled materials and traceability, actively participated in the exploratory work of the industry
such as the Battery Passport Pilot of the Global Battery Alliance, so as to jointly build a green ecology of the industry and
lead the green, low-carbon and sustainable development of the industry.


2025: Embrace Challenges, Innovation and Transcendence
In 2025, we will adhere to the innovation-driven, technology-oriented, and long-term development philosophy to achieve
continuous innovation breakthroughs under the “energy+” strategy through the two-way empowerment of “hard
technology” + “soft power”. We will empower the research and development with digital intelligence to build the hard
power of “technology + products”; empower the manufacturing with digital intelligence to build large-scale and high-
efficiency smart manufacturing standards; and establish a strong service system with digital intelligence to improve the
customer satisfaction and achieve high-quality development.


In 2025, with our strategic consideration of “face the future with innovation and leading technologies”, we will continue
our dedication to the exploration, innovation and technology leadership in the new energy sector, continue to shape a
healthy ecosystem for the new energy sector, make our best efforts to help achieve the “carbon peaking and carbon
neutrality goals“ and the new energy vehicle strategy and substantially perform our responsibilities for energy security and
sustainable development.


Appreciation
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders and investors, customers, partners and friends from all walks
of life for their trust, help, support and companionship to CALB, which gives us confidence, courage and responsibility to
go faster, steadfastly and beyond! I am full of expectation and have absolute confidence in the future of CALB!




                                                                                                                  Liu Jingyu
                                                                                                   Chairwoman of the Board


                                                                                         Changzhou, the PRC, 29 April 2025




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024       5
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    I.     Industry Landscape
           In recent years, the global ecological environment and climate warming issues have become increasingly prominent.
           Major countries have successively announced carbon emission reduction targets while promoting the accelerated
           transition of energy structures towards clean energy. Technological innovation has become the core driver of energy
           transition, injecting new vitality into economic growth through the green economy and low-carbon transition.


           1.     EV battery market
                  The vigorous development of the new energy vehicle industry has injected strong momentum into the EV
                  battery market, and the global EV battery market size continues to expand. According to SNE Research,
                  global sales of new energy vehicles in 2024 reached 17.633 million units, representing a year-on-year
                  increase of 26.1%; the growth in new energy vehicle sales drove a rapid increase in demand for EV batteries,
                  with global EV battery installations reaching 894.4GWh in 2024, representing a year-on-year growth rate of
                  27.2%.


                  China, as the world’s largest new energy vehicle market, is witnessing a rapid expansion in the scale of the
                  EV battery industry alongside the continued high-speed growth of the new energy vehicle market. According
                  to the data from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the sales of new energy vehicles in China
                  reached 12.866 million units in 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.5%, with a penetration rate
                  of 40.9% for new energy vehicles, with the monthly penetration rate in October 2024 exceeding 47%.


                  In the European market, according to the data from European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association
                  (ACEA), the sales of pure electric vehicles in EU countries in 2024 were approximately 1.448 million
                  units, representing a decrease of 5.9% compared to 2023, mainly due to the reduction of subsidies in
                  some European countries and the imposition of additional tariffs. As carbon emission regulations become
                  stricter and the localization of batteries and related supply chains progresses, the penetration rate of
                  new energy vehicles in Europe will gradually improve. In the U.S. market, driven by policy incentives and
                  the transformation of the automotive industry, the potential of the EV battery market is gradually being
                  unleashed, with the penetration rate of new energy vehicles increasing to 12%. According to MarkLines,
                  the cumulative sales of new energy vehicles in the U.S. in 2024 reached 1.582 million units, representing
                  a year-on-year increase of 8.0%. The overall development trend of electrification in the U.S. new energy
                  market continues to improve.




6   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




2.   Energy storage market
     The year 2024 marks a critical period of rapid development for the global energy storage market, with the
     market size demonstrating a strong trend of ongoing expansion. According to InfoLink, the global energy
     storage market added 175.4GWh of new installed capacity in 2024, and the expected global increase will
     reach 221.9GWh in 2025, representing a year-on-year growth of 26.5%. From a regional perspective, the
     energy storage market exhibited “vibrant increase across multiple regions”. The three major energy storage
     markets of China, the United States, and Europe continued to maintain a substantial market size, with
     installed capacity accounting for more than 90% of the global share, thereby occupying a dominant position
     in the global energy storage market and becoming an important driving force for energy storage market
     growth.


     In 2024, China’s energy storage market benefited from an enhanced policy environment, providing
     comprehensive support for the healthy development of the energy storage industry. Innovations and
     breakthroughs were made continuously in energy storage technologies, with accelerated development
     and mass production of high-capacity energy storage cells. According to statistics from the XunEntropy
     Research Institute (尋熵研究院), China’s newly added grid-connected capacity reached 111.63GWh in 2024,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 113%; in the baseline scenario, the newly added grid-connected
     capacity in 2025 will reach 177.2GWh, representing a growth of 59% in terms of energy capacity, and in the
     optimistic scenario, it may reach 214.3GWh, representing a growth rate of 92%. According to the statistics
     from the China Energy Storage Alliance, as of the end of 2024, China’s newly added operational capacity
     of new energy storage reached 43.7GW, representing a year-on-year increase of 103%. It is expected that
     by 2025, the cumulative installed capacity of new energy storage in China will reach 131.3GW, with a
     compound annual growth rate of 28.7% over the next five years.


     In the European market, the large-scale energy storage market has experienced significant growth, with
     installed capacity surpassing residential storage for the first time; with the projects gradually showing their
     cost effectiveness, there is a notable uptick in the growth of commercial and industrial storage. In the U.S.
     market, its tax policies have significantly enhanced the economic benefits of energy storage projects, while
     adjustments in regulatory policies have simplified the grid connection process for energy storage projects. The
     combined effects of these policies provide a solid foundation for the development of the U.S. energy storage
     market. Apart from the traditional energy storage market, the demand for energy storage installations in
     emerging markets such as the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Latin America, and South Africa is also rapidly
     rising, demonstrating significant growth potential.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024       7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




    II.    Business Review
           As a leading international new energy technology company, the Group is committed to becoming a creator of
           energy value. Adhering to the mission of “transcend commerce to benefit humanity” and the vision of “co-create,
           win together, achieve excellence”, the Group will continue to shape a healthy ecosystem for the new energy sector
           by pioneering innovation and technology leadership, and strive to take on the greatest responsibility in achieving the
           goals of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” and the strategic advancement of new energy vehicle and fulfill its
           responsibilities for energy security and sustainable development for humanity.


           The Group remains committed to technological innovation, sustaining product leadership through our development
           philosophy of “the ultimate balance of energy and resources, the ultimate balance of energy and safety, and
           the high integration of design and manufacturing.” As a battery specialist, the Group maintains cutting-edge
           technological capabilities while staying deeply attuned to market needs, consistently delivering reliable “premium
           batteries” to market and clients. Meanwhile, through continuous innovation in mindset, processes, and management
           systems, we build agile organizations with efficient operational competencies, driving the successful execution of our
           corporate strategy, positioning us to emerge as a global benchmark for value creation.


           In 2024, the Group achieved sustained rapid growth through comprehensive advancements across all business
           sectors. According to the latest statistics from SNE Research, the Group’s installed capacity of EV batteries increased
           by 16.6% year-on-year in 2024, ranking fourth globally and third domestically in this category. According to
           InfoLink, the Group’s energy storage cell shipments ranked fifth globally in 2024.


           •      Passenger vehicle market: We deepened collaboration in domestic markets, achieving steady growth in
                  installed capacity with a monthly milestone surpassing 4GWh. Our solutions were integrated into 25 new
                  vehicle models, cumulatively equipping over 2 million units nationwide. In the hybrid vehicle market, the
                  year-on-year growth reached nearly 200%. Due to our efforts to accelerate our global layout, our overseas
                  installed capacity increased by 105% year-on-year, hitting another record high;


           •      Commercial vehicle market: Annual New Vehicle increased by 150% year-on-year, while our domestic
                  installed capacity grew by 85.2% compared to the same period last year. Additionally, we were selected as
                  the power solution provider for vehicles operating within the 2024 Paris Olympic Games Park;


           •      Energy storage market: In a single month, our energy storage cell shipments surpassed 5GWh, achieving
                  sustained substantial growth. We secured and delivered the entire 7.8GWh order for the world’s largest
                  energy storage project in 2024. Additionally, we successfully launched our first self-invested power station
                  project, establishing an innovative business model, and delivered our first overseas AC-side project; and


           •      Ship market: We secured the first electric vessel project from the world’s largest oil company. Additionally,
                  we won our first international order for a “Megawatt-level” marine battery system, achieving a “Zero
                  breakthrough” in the “offshore engineering vessel” sector. Our electric vessels also gained traction with
                  batch orders at Singapore’s port, while successfully penetrating the high-end yacht market in the United
                  States.




8   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




Simultaneously, our Group was constantly committed to innovation and has successfully launched new products:
“Top-tier”(頂流), “UltraRange”(至遠), “UltraLife”(至久), and “Boundless”(無界) batteries. These products feature
comprehensive innovations and advancements in high energy density, enhanced safety, extended lifespan, ultra-fast
charging, and all-weather performance, providing comprehensive and valuable full-scenario product solutions to
the market and our customers. Our key energy storage technology and application project received the “National
Science and Technology Progress Award.” Furthermore, our patent “Battery Module and Battery Pack” (Patent
No.: ZL202011563209.0) was honored with an Excellent Award at the China Patent Awards. The Group maintains
its industry leadership through advanced technology, contributing to the healthy development of the sector’s
ecosystem.


1.     Further breakthrough in technology
       Adhering to the technology innovation as the driving force, the Group created top-notch technologies
       and products through continuous innovation to achieve its breakthrough in technological development,
       continuously boosting the core competitiveness of the Group.


       (1)    In terms of advanced materials, the Group focused on key materials such as 5V high-voltage lithium
              nickel manganese oxide materials, lithium supplementation materials, new functional additives
              for electrolytes, and novel all-solid-state electrolyte materials, and leveraged high-throughput
              experimental platforms and other digital tools, achieving a series of significant technological
              breakthroughs, resulting in notable improvements in critical performance metrics;


       (2)    In terms of high-performance battery technology, the Group achieved mass production of a 5C
              ultra-fast charging LFP battery, which is characterized by both high-energy and ultra-fast charging;
              completed the development phase of high-energy 6C ultra-fast charging high-nickel cylindrical
              technology and products, with performance metrics leading the industry. The Group focused on
              high-manganese iron lithium batteries, overcoming multiple industrialization bottlenecks such as
              low-temperature performance and lifespan, and successfully implemented them in vehicle applications.
              Additionally, the Group developed high-efficiency, ultra-long-life energy storage battery technology
              and products, setting new industry benchmarks;


       (3)    In terms of new battery technology, the Group focused on high-performance battery sensing
              technology and data utilization, achieving several key breakthroughs in intelligent battery technology.
              This positions us to lead the industry’s intelligent upgrade. The Group was the first in the industry
              to launch high-energy, wide-temperature-range lithium nickel manganese oxide battery technology,
              which delivers exceptional low-temperature performance with zero capacity degradation. Additionally,
              the Group concentrated on breakthroughs in key technologies for all-solid-state batteries, such as
              high specific energy electrode materials;




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024       9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (4)      In terms of advanced manufacturing, 1) the Group completed the development of thick electrode
                            manufacturing technology and successfully applied it to high-speed mass production; 2) the Group
                            completed the development of fast-charging and core-making technology, and realized the mass
                            production application of core manufacturing technologies such as fast-charging material electrode
                            processing and completed the development of long-life energy storage cell manufacturing technology
                            and the application of lithium supplementation techniques based on the application scenarios of
                            5C super-charged LFP, 6C high-nickel and other products; 3) the Group achieved small-batch mass
                            production of “Top-tier” cylindrical lithium iron phosphate and high-nickel batteries, completing
                            the mass production application of key cell and formation capacity manufacturing technology, with
                            equipment utilization and manufacturing efficiency improving by over 50%; 4) the Group built an
                            AI-based big data platform to enable virtual commissioning and optimization of process parameters by
                            integrating visual AI with physical models, enhancing detection efficiency and accuracy by 50%, and
                            achieving quality control at the parts-per-billion (ppb) level of the process and ensuring high-reliability
                            batch delivery; and


                   (5)      In terms of battery full life cycle management, the Group adopted manufacturing big data and
                            virtual measurement technology to optimize the battery manufacturing process, which improved the
                            manufacturing efficiency of key processes by more than 30% and reduced energy consumption by
                            more than 50%.


                   The Group followed the high-quality intellectual property rights development strategy which was deeply
                   integrated with the strategy of “consolidating its leadership in product and technology”, focused on the
                   high-quality patent portfolio to constantly forge an innovative brand power. It has established a patent
                   portfolio in the entire battery industry chain covering battery materials, battery structure, system integration,
                   electrical circuits, BMS, manufacturing process equipment and battery recycling. As of 31 December 2024,
                   the Group had been granted 3,531 patents and has applied for 1,011 patents pending authorization.




10   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




2.   Regaining a leading position in terms of products
     Putting together its own technical capabilities and industrialization strength, the Group constantly pursued
     the high energy density and stable safety performance of EV batteries, launching more competitive new
     products of ternary series and phosphate series. The Group continued to maintain its product leadership by
     devoting its efforts in power energy storage (new energy power generation and power grid), industrial and
     commercial energy storage, household energy storage and other application scenarios.


     Products for passenger vehicle market
     (1)   Ternary EV batteries

            1)     800V 5C medium-nickel high-voltage battery: it can attain 10%-80% charging within 12
                   minutes, and has already achieved delivery in batches;


            2)     “Top-tier” cylindrical battery: through innovative technologies such as multi-doped cathode,
                   high-safety electrolyte, and self-healing interface, the Group has developed the high-nickel
                   R46 large cylinder battery which can achieve a cell energy density of 306Wh/kg and 350Wh/
                   kg, respectively, and will be delivered in batches to the industry’s leading eVTOL customers in
                   2025 and 2026, respectively;


            3)     High energy density semi-solid battery: it focuses on the intrinsic safety requirements of high
                   energy batteries, through the combination of the advantages of new liquid safety electrolyte
                   and solid-state safety technology, the cycle life is close to 1,000 times while the energy density
                   of the battery cells exceeds 400Wh/kg, achieving the ultimate balance of energy, performance
                   and safety, with mass deliveries scheduled for 2025; and


            4)     High-energy density and high-safety “Boundless” all-solid-state battery: it features low
                   pressure, long service life and high power output, achieving a high energy density of 430Wh/
                   kg and a capacity of more than 50Ah, which will be produced in small batches in 2027.


     (2)   Phosphate series EV batteries

            1)     “Top-tier” cylindrical battery: the high-power LFP R46 large cylinder battery developed by the
                   Group is a new generation product developed for the hybrid electronic market, with leading
                   advantages such as minimizing cost and maximizing performance. It has been delivered in
                   batches;


            2)     800V 5C super-charged LFP battery: it can attain 10%-80% charging within 12 minutes and
                   is compatible with both pure electric and hybrid vehicle applications. It has entered mass
                   production and delivery; and


            3)     Next-generation lithium manganese iron phosphate battery product: this battery achieves an
                   energy density exceeding 210Wh/kg and can attain 10%-80% charging within 15 minutes. It
                   has been validated in vehicles and is scheduled for delivery in batches in 2025.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024       11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   Products for commercial vehicle market
                   (1)      In terms of light commercial vehicle: the mass-produced TEU can cover 30-100kWh of electricity
                            and feature a comprehensive upgrade to 2C charging capability, leading the markets in mini vans,
                            medium vans, large vans, mini trucks, small trucks and light trucks, with their exceptional quality and
                            performance earning high customer recognition; the industry’s “UltraRange” battery system featuring
                            single pack and large capacity for light trucks can significantly enhance the energy density of the
                            battery system and effectively improve the space utilization of the entire vehicle, with a single pack
                            covering 100-200kWh of electricity, has completed the actual measurement of 600 kilometers of full-
                            load range to meet the long driving range needs of intra-city and inter-city logistics, and has already
                            achieved delivery in batches; and


                   (2)      In terms of heavy commercial vehicle: our “UltraRange” battery system for heavy trucks is the
                            industry’s first mass-produced product with a single-pack capacity of 100kWh of electricity. It is a
                            leading product developed for the heavy commercial vehicle market and can provide a full coverage
                            of 400-800kWh, and can satisfy the demand of all scenarios in different working conditions and
                            different fields such as traction, mixing, self-unloading, special-purpose and engineering machinery. It
                            can achieve a full-package energy density of up to 167Wh/kg, delivers a full-load driving range of up
                            to 530km, and offers a cycle life exceeding 4,500 cycles, meeting 8-year warranty requirements, and
                            has already achieved delivery in batches.


                   Products for energy storage market
                   (1)      For power energy storage application scenario: our 314Ah battery cells products are the first in the
                            industry to pass certification and the first to achieve large-scale and stable delivery in batches, earning
                            high customer recognition for both product quality and delivery capabilities. The second-generation
                            314Ah long-cycle energy storage cell delivers an ultra-long lifespan of 15,000 cycles, maintains energy
                            efficiency above 96%, and achieves zero degradation during the first 1,000 cycles, reducing the
                            levelized cost of energy during the life cycle by over 25% compared to existing products. The newly
                            launched 392Ah energy storage cell is the industry’s best solution for 6.25MWh containers, which
                            can be fully compatible with existing 5MWh container production lines in terms of related component
                            technologies of containers. The next-generation “UltraLife” of 600Ah+ large energy storage cells
                            boast an energy density exceeding 440Wh/L, enabling a discharge capacity of 6.8MWh or above for
                            a standard 20ft container and supporting 2,000V high-voltage systems, significantly enhancing the
                            overall revenue of power stations;




12   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




     (2)    For industrial and commercial energy storage application scenario: the Group has launched
            standardized outdoor integrated cabinet products and comprehensive solutions featuring modular
            design, flexible building-block configurations, active safety systems with protective installations, and
            compact intelligent power distribution technology. Leveraging their safety, reliability, and economic
            efficiency, these products are adaptable to diverse application scenarios, offering AC-side and DC-side
            coupled solutions ranging from hundreds of kWh to tens of MWh. With the capability to deliver
            products and services spanning from DC-side to medium-voltage AC-side, they address large-scale
            energy storage scenarios where container products are unadaptable. Additionally, multiple outdoor
            integrated cabinets can be arranged in matrix configurations to achieve large-scale energy storage
            stations of tens of MWh, making them ideal for commercial and industrial energy storage markets in
            regions such as the United States, Europe, and Japan, across various scales and applications; and


     (3)    For household energy storage application scenario: the long-life prismatic battery and intelligent
            management system are equipped with multiple protection mechanisms when facing situations such
            as over-charge, over-discharge, over-temperature, over-current, and short circuit, the products have
            successively passed a series of overseas certifications such as UL/IEC/CE, and the product performance,
            cost and safety performance are widely recognized by customers. Household energy storage products
            are applied in different system architectures, including low-voltage DC systems, high-voltage DC
            systems and DC-AC integrated systems. The Group has established strategic partnerships with
            numerous domestic and international clients, with product shipments exceeding 100MWh.


3.   Business achievements
     During the Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB122,473 million, representing an
     increase of 16.2% as compared with the beginning of the year, and the net assets amounted to RMB48,054
     million, representing an increase of 3.6% as compared with the beginning of the year. The Group achieved a
     revenue of RMB27,752 million, representing an increase of 2.8% as compared with the corresponding period
     of last year, which was mainly attributable to the gradual release of the Group’s production capacity and
     increased customer demand, resulting in a sustained and significant growth in ESS product business.


     Passenger vehicle market: the total accumulated number of supporting new energy vehicles over 2 million
     units, with an accumulated delivery volume exceeding 100GWh.


     (1)    In the field of pure electric vehicle: while maintaining our leading position in the economy vehicle
            market, the Group achieved significant growth in the installed capacity in the mid-to-high-end market,
            further solidifying our position among the top three players. The Group secured the nomination of
            a best-selling emerging project, and secured batch delivery agreements for new models, including
            those from Luxeed. Additionally, the Group successfully supported the upgrade, iteration, and mass
            production of flagship models for customers such as XPeng, Geely, Changan and GAC. Furthermore,
            the Group realized delivery in batches of new models for multiple joint venture brand, advancing the
            construction of a multi-dimensional market system;




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024       13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (2)      In the hybrid electronic field: our installed capacity continued to experience rapid growth, with a
                            year-on-year increase of nearly 200%. The Group accelerated collaboration on new hybrid projects
                            with Geely and Leapmotor, further enhancing our market penetration. Additionally, the Group
                            successfully supported the mass production of multiple hybrid models for customers such as Chery,
                            Dongfeng, and BAIC, while securing supply agreements for 12 new hybrid models; and


                   (3)      International market: the Group secured nominations from international brands such as Toyota,
                            Honda, Volkswagen, and Audi, while continuously expanding our customer base in Europe and
                            Southeast Asia. The delivery volume steadily increased, with a growing variety of product types
                            delivered. Our overseas installed capacity grew by 105% year-on-year, further advancing our
                            globalization progress.


                   Commercial vehicle market: our domestic installed capacity grew by 85.2% as compared with the same
                   period last year, achieving comprehensive coverage of mainstream products and full-scenario empowerment.
                   The Group has successfully penetrated all strategic customer accounts, provided full vehicle model support,
                   and achieved batch deliveries. Our international delivery volume has shown steady growth.


                   (1)      In the light commercial vehicle field, the Group has established in-depth collaborations with customers
                            such as Chery, Geely, Ruichi, Foton, Dongfeng, Changan, and King Long, providing comprehensive
                            support and delivery for the industry’s mainstream models. Our products have been applied to key
                            clients from business-end, including DST, JD.com, and Lalamove. In the heavy commercial vehicle
                            field, the Group has partnered with customers such as Sinotruk, XCMG, SANY, Shaanxi Automobile,
                            Jiefang, Dongfeng, and Lingong in terms of tractors, dump trucks, mixer trucks, loaders, and
                            specialized vehicles, achieving full-spectrum collaboration; and


                   (2)      In terms of international market, customers in the European market continued to expand. The delivery
                            volume steadily increased and the delivered products became increasingly diversified. For example, our
                            market share of British electric buses exceeded 50%, our ternary VDA products ranked first in terms
                            of the supply volume in the market of British electric bus and the Group has awarded as “Preferred
                            Supplier” by customers. Additionally, the Group secured a nomination for the Daimler project. The
                            Group has obtained AIS038 and AIS-004 certification respectively in the Indian market and became
                            the first enterprise in the electric heavy truck sector in India to obtain the above certification, and
                            has also accomplished whole set of delivery at the system level, laying a solid foundation for the
                            subsequent in-depth development in the Indian market.




14   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Energy storage market: the business results in terms of shipments achieved a sustained substantial growth.
The Group’s 314Ah battery cells products were the first in the industry to achieve stable delivery in batches,
earning high recognition from strategic customers for its products and delivery capabilities. The Group
secured the world’s largest energy storage battery order in 2024.


(1)    The Group established direct cooperation with power groups such as the five leading government-run
       power enterprises, six major power industry players (the “Five Leading and Six Major”), and achieved
       strategic cooperation with SPIC, CNNP Rich Energy, China Energy Construction, China Three Gorges
       Renewables, China Electrical Equipment Group, China Energy Group, and China Resources Group. The
       Group’s products were adopted by a number of energy storage power station projects, and they have
       realized the operation and grid connection;


(2)    The Group entered into strategic cooperation with leading customers in various fields such as
       system integrators, wind power and photovoltaic enterprises, and was shortlisted for framework
       procurement of energy storage systems by multiple power companies, establishing long-term stable
       supply relationships; and our market share and ranking further improved, making us a core supplier
       and partner of the leading enterprises in the industry and the Group has highly recognized by the
       customers;


(3)    While continuing to maintain the influence in the power storage market segment, the Group
       completed its market layout in the industrial and commercial energy storage, household energy
       storage market segment through the launch of full-scenario standardized energy storage products and
       solutions, which laid a solid foundation for the follow-up rapid growth in the energy storage market;
       and


(4)    The Group achieved major breakthroughs in the international market, completed the admission
       process with a number of international top energy storage owners, EPCs, integrators and suppliers,
       enlisted in the whitelist of these customers, achieved the delivery in batches. As a supplier of
       high-performance energy storage cells, the Group secured the world’s largest energy storage battery
       order. At the same time, as the mainstream products in the market, system products such as 5MWh
       liquid-cooled containers and outdoor energy storage cabinets were delivered in batches, with
       industry-leading product performance.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     III.   Future Prospects
            Steering rapid development by innovation, the Group adheres unwaveringly to the strategy of consolidating its
            leadership in products and technologies. Propelled by a future-oriented R&D layout, the Group pushes forward
            the constant advancement of battery technology from multiple dimensions such as innovations in materials,
            structures, manufacturing as well as systems, whereby the Group possesses a number of leading technologies and
            products worldwide, and builds on hard-core product capabilities in all scenarios, thus bringing the development
            of the industry to a new height. Revolving around the business strategy of “dual-driven force of power and energy
            storage” and regional strategy of “paradigm featuring dual circulation (國內國際雙循環)”, the Group is dedicated
            to serving the high-quality development of new energy with its leading technology and product capabilities and
            insisting on taking the needs of end users and customers and social sustainable development as the fundamental
            pursuit of technological development. Focusing on solving pain points in the industry, the Group is committed to
            providing users with products featuring high safety, high reliability, high performance and cost effectiveness.


            1.     Innovation in technologies and products
                   The Group is committed to continuing its technological innovation in multiple dimensions and maintaining its
                   leadership in advanced materials, high-performance battery technology, new batteries technology, advanced
                   manufacturing technologies, and battery full life cycle management, etc. to ensure the competitive advantage
                   of its products in the application field.


                   (1)      In terms of advanced materials, the Group will seek to make breakthroughs in key materials such
                            as 5V high-voltage lithium nickel-manganate materials, lithium supplementation materials, new
                            electrolyte functional additives and new all-solid-state electrolyte materials;


                   (2)      In terms of high-performance battery technology, the Group will continue to pursue breakthroughs
                            in battery technologies, focusing on high energy density, extended lifespan, enhanced safety,
                            superior power output, and all-climate adaptability. It will solidify its comprehensive leadership
                            by developing products with cutting-edge performance and cost competitiveness. The Group will
                            achieve technological innovations in high-specific-energy 6C ultra-fast-charging LFP batteries and
                            ultra-high-energy 6C high nickel cylinder batteries. It will also commercialize high-manganese iron
                            phosphate batteries to spearhead industry-wide technological advancements. Additionally, the Group
                            will persistently advance critical technologies for improving efficiency and longevity in energy storage
                            cells, ensuring its products maintain a market-leading position;


                   (3)      In terms of new battery technology, the Group will continue to achieve key technological
                            b r e a k t h r o u g h s s u c h a s 5V h i g h - v o l t a g e l i t h i u m n i c k e l - m a n g a n e s e o x i d e b a t t e r i e s a n d
                            high-performance “Boundless” all-solid-state batteries. The Group will overcome performance design
                            and industrialization bottlenecks, thereby facilitating innovation and upgrades within the industry;


                   (4)      In terms of advanced manufacturing technologies, the Group will 1) further enhance product
                            competitiveness by focusing on manufacturing cost reduction and next-generation all-solid-state
                            batteries, and 2) leverage second-generation cylindrical cell manufacturing technology and equipment
                            capabilities to create the next generation of high-speed cylinder battery product with more
                            competitiveness; and


16   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




     (5)    In terms of battery full life cycle management, the Group will effectively identify battery consistency
            and potential risks to prevent defects from occurring and spreading. The Group will dynamically
            identify key parameters within the batteries to enhance battery management efficiency, and identify
            battery health status in advance so as to maximise the battery’s safety, reliability and energy
            throughput value throughout the entire battery lifecycle.


2.   Market and customer development
     The Group aims to maintain its product leadership and competitive advantage based on continuous
     technological innovation.


     With its strategic goal of global leadership, the Group will pool its efforts and resources to provide
     comprehensive product solutions and life-cycle management for the new energy full-scenario application
     market represented by EV batteries and ESS products.


     In terms of the passenger vehicle market, the Group will adjust its strategic direction based on evolving
     market demands, iteratively upgrade high-quality production capacity, optimize resource investment, and
     continuously deepen its global layout guided by leading technology. In the domestic market, the Group
     will maintain stable cooperation with existing clients, explore innovative business models, and actively seek
     new clients and projects in both pure electric and hybrid vehicle sectors, so as to push its coverage ratio of
     models of OEM customers to another record high, and in the international market, the Group will ensure
     steady growth in project deliveries, fully advance the progress of already secured projects, and accelerate the
     construction of production capacity in Europe and Southeast Asia to achieve significant growth in overseas
     delivery in batches.


     In terms of the commercial vehicle market, the Group will further deepen its comprehensive layout under
     the influence of policy guidance, technological innovation, and market demand, continuously focus on niche
     markets such as light commercial vehicles, new energy heavy trucks, and buses, and enhance cooperation
     depth with leading commercial vehicle manufacturers. The Group will seize the rapidly growing market
     demand for new energy commercial vehicles, accelerate product iteration and upgrades to meet the needs
     of commercial vehicle electrification and intelligence, and comprehensively promote terminal and regional
     strategies to increase market share.


     In terms of the energy storage market, for the domestic business, the Group will continue to build deeper
     and long-term strategic cooperation with the “Five Leading and Six Major”, system integrators, and leading
     enterprises in wind power, photovoltaic and other segments, so as to ensure that the shipments of energy
     storage products will achieve sustained significant growth. The Group will tap deeper into the business
     chain of new energy power stations and further leverage its advantages in performance, service and cost
     to build its brand advantage among the “Five Leading and Six Major”, and turn it into business increments.
     In addition, the Group will accurately match the market expansion process and product needs of system
     integrators, so as to further increase our share in the leading system integrator customers and double our
     deliveries to them. On the basis of our established power station business capabilities, we will participate
     in the competitive distribution business of independent power stations to increase our shipments of energy
     storage products through the power station business. In terms of industrial and commercial energy storage,
     we will explore diversified business models to achieve a rapid growth in shipments.

                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024       17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   In terms of the ship market, the Group will continue to drive technological innovation and deepen
                   cooperation with domestic mainstream customers. We will accelerate the electrification process in application
                   scenarios such as sightseeing tourism, inland waterway shipping, and port tugboats. This effort aims to
                   promote the green transformation of the domestic ship industry while further expanding into international
                   markets to keep up with the global trend of ship electrification. The Group will provide customized battery
                   system solutions to support the sustainable development of the global shipping industry.


                   At the same time, the Group will continuously explore emerging markets such as rail transit, mining, and
                   low-altitude economy by offering high-safety, high-reliability, and high-performance product solutions. The
                   Group will leverage leading technology, superior quality, and exceptional service to earn high recognition
                   from clients. Additionally, the Group will collaborate with strategic clients on forward product development
                   to create all-scenario applications, leading the new energy development in the commercial industry.


            3.     Internationalization
                   With its strategic goal of internationalization, the Group will continue to accelerate its strategic
                   internationalization process from multiple aspects including production capacity, market and supply chain.


                   In terms of production capacity, the Group’s Portugal project has been successfully approved and included
                   into the Portugal National Interest Project (PIN) and obtained environmental impact assessment (EIA) approval
                   in 2024. Construction will officially commence in the first quarter of 2025. Meanwhile, the Group established
                   its Thailand base in 2024, implementing its industrial layout in the ASEAN region. In the future, the Group
                   will continue to efficiently advance project construction and mass production with industry-leading standards
                   and quality to comprehensively enhance international supporting delivery efficiency and capabilities.


                   In terms of the market, with the smooth advancement of industrial layout in Europe and ASEAN, the
                   Group will leverage new overseas platforms to build outstanding market competitiveness and international
                   recognition, aiding the Group’s further expansion in overseas markets.


                   In terms of supply chain, the Group worked closely with its existing partners to make innovation, improve
                   efficiency and reduce costs, and continued to develop new global cooperation; at the same time, in
                   view of the regional distribution of its global partners, the Group actively developed and expanded local
                   industrial chain system, striving to build a diversified regional industrial synergy to make contributions to the
                   development of the regional economy.


     IV.    Financial Review
            Overview
            During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group increased from RMB27,005.89 million for the year ended
            31 December 2023 to RMB27,751.53 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, representing an increase of
            2.8%; the Group’s profit for the year increased from RMB437.16 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to
            RMB843.63 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 93.0%. The basic earnings
            per share of the Group increased from RMB0.1661 for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB0.3336 for the
            year ended 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 100.8%.



18   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial indicators
The key financial indicators of the Group are set out as follows:


 Financial indicators                                                                    2024                  2023


 Gross profit margin (%)                                                               15.9%                 13.0%
 Net sales margin (%)                                                                   3.0%                   1.6%


The gross profit margin of the Group increased by 2.9 percentage points from 13.0% for the year ended 31
December 2023 to 15.9% for the year ended 31 December 2024. The growth was primarily due to, on one hand,
increasing economies of scale resulting from the Group’s business expansion and sustained growth, and on the other
hand, the continuous improvement in product performance coupled with cost reductions, enabled by the Group’s
leading technology and product capabilities, which collectively contributed to a year-on-year increase in gross profit
margin.


The net sales margin of the Group increased by 1.4 percentage points from 1.6% for the year ended 31 December
2023 to 3.0% for the year ended 31 December 2024, primarily due to the year-on-year increase in the gross profit
margin of the Group.


Revenue structure
During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the sales of EV batteries, ESS products and
others. The revenue of the Group increased from RMB27,005.89 million for the year ended 31 December 2023
to RMB27,751.53 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 2.8%. The increase
was mainly due to the gradual release of the Group’s production capacity, the increase in customer demands and
sustained significant growth of the ESS products business.


1)     Revenue by product


                                                          2024                                  2023
                                                                    Percentage                           Percentage
          Items                                   Revenue           of revenue          Revenue          of revenue
                                                (RMB’000)                 (%)         (RMB’000)                 (%)


          EV batteries                         19,550,893                 70.4       22,249,046                82.4
          ESS products and others                8,200,633                29.6        4,756,839                17.6


          Total                                27,751,526                100.0       27,005,885               100.0




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024       19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of EV batteries of the Group decreased
                   by 12.1% from RMB22,249.05 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB19,550.89 million for
                   the year ended 31 December 2024. The year-on-year decrease in the revenue generated from the sales of EV
                   batteries was mainly attributable to the growth in sales volume coupled with the decline in battery prices.


                   During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the ESS products and others of the Group increased
                   by 72.4% from RMB4,756.84 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB8,200.63 million for the
                   year ended 31 December 2024. The strong increase was mainly because the ESS products business achieved
                   sustained significant growth attributable to the Group’s continuous efforts to explore the ESS segment.


            2)     Revenue by geographical location of product delivery


                                                                     2024                                  2023
                                                                             Percentage                              Percentage
                    Items                                    Revenue         of revenue             Revenue          of revenue
                                                           (RMB’000)                  (%)         (RMB’000)                  (%)


                    Mainland China                         27,111,618                97.7        26,353,028                  97.6
                    Overseas regions                          639,908                 2.3           652,857                   2.4


                    Total                                  27,751,526               100.0        27,005,885               100.0


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from Mainland China increased by 2.9% from
                   RMB26,353.03 million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB27,111.62 million for the year ended
                   31 December 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to the continuous improvement and release of the
                   Group’s production capacity and the increase in the demands for batteries of the Group’s key customers
                   from Mainland China.


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from overseas regions decreased by 2.0% from RMB652.86
                   million for the year ended 31 December 2023 to RMB639.91 million for the year ended 31 December 2024.
                   The decrease was mainly attributable to the growth in sales volume coupled with the decline in battery
                   prices.




20   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial position
1)     Assets
       The total assets of the Group increased from RMB105,429.03 million as at 31 December 2023 to
       RMB122,473.38 million as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 16.2%, among which,
       non-current assets increased from RMB73,318.01 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB86,868.00 million
       as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 18.5%. Such increase was mainly due to the addition
       of property, plant and equipment as the Group continued to invest in the projects under construction in
       existing production bases. Current assets increased from RMB32,111.02 million as at 31 December 2023 to
       RMB35,605.39 million as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 10.9%. Such growth was mainly
       due to an increase in bank deposits and balance of deposit products.


2)     Liabilities
       The total liabilities of the Group increased from RMB59,043.24 million as at 31 December 2023 to
       RMB74,419.46 million as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase of 26.0%, among which, current
       liabilities increased from RMB36,821.46 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB45,584.30 million as at 31
       December 2024, representing an increase of 23.8%. Non-current liabilities increased from RMB22,221.78
       million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB28,835.16 million as at 31 December 2024, representing an increase
       of 29.8%. The primary reason for such increase in liabilities was the rise in project syndicated loans and
       working capital loans to meet the funding needs for the Group’s sustainable business growth and investment
       in significant projects.


Liquidity and financial resources
The operating cash inflow of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB3,113.10 million,
representing an increase of 7.3% as compared to RMB2,900.17 million for the year ended 31 December 2023,
which was mainly attributable to the sustained business growth and increase in profit of the Group.


The bank and cash balances (including pledged and restricted bank deposits) of the Group as at 31 December 2024
were approximately RMB12,435.96 million (31 December 2023: RMB9,215.86 million).


The total borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2024, including all bank loans, amounted to approximately
RMB46,116.38 million (31 December 2023: RMB29,170.73 million). The repayment terms of the bank loans are as
follows: approximately RMB18,960.09 million are due within one year and approximately RMB27,156.29 million are
due after one year.


The Group had sufficient liquidity to meet the requirements of its daily liquidity management and capital
expenditure, and to control internal operating cash flows.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024   21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            Capital structure
            The financial management department under the Group is responsible for its financial risk management, aiming
            to ensure that the liquidity structure of the assets, liabilities and other commitments of the Group could meet its
            funding needs on an ongoing basis.


            The borrowings of the Group were mainly settled in Renminbi, while its cash and cash equivalents were mainly held
            in Renminbi, U.S. dollars, Euro and Hong Kong dollars. The Group planned to maintain an appropriate portfolio of
            equity and debt during the period to ensure an effective capital structure. As at 31 December 2024, the outstanding
            loans of the Group were RMB-denominated loans with approximately 3.7% of these outstanding loans bearing
            interest at fixed rates and the remainder at floating rates.


            The Group monitored the capital structure by using the liability-to-asset ratio (i.e. total liabilities divided by
            total assets) and the debt-to-equity ratio (i.e. net debt divided by equity), with its policies to maintain financial
            stability and support the sustainable, healthy and rapid development of the Group’s business. Net debt includes
            lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and financial guarantee and is net of cash and cash
            equivalents, with equity being total equity. The liability-to-asset ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2024 was
            60.8% (31 December 2023: 56.0%), and the debt-to-equity ratio was 77.5% (31 December 2023: 47.1%). The
            increase in the liability-to-asset ratio and the debt-to-equity ratio was mainly due to the increased borrowings for
            project construction. The Group maintained its financial stability amidst rapid business development.


            Foreign exchange risk
            The business operations of our Group are principally located in Mainland China and most of its transactions are
            conducted in Renminbi. Except for certain bank balances which are denominated in U.S. dollars, Euro, Hong Kong
            dollars and other foreign currencies, most of the assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi. During the
            Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any material difficulties or impact on its operations or liquidity as
            a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Group believes that the Group will have sufficient foreign
            currencies to meet its foreign exchange needs and will take effective measures to prevent foreign exchange risks.


            Capital expenditure
            During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 amounted
            to RMB16,606.58 million (2023: RMB20,129.02 million) which were mainly used for the construction of production
            facilities and the upgrade of existing machinery and equipment. The capital expenditures of the Group were mainly
            funded by the Group’s own funds, bank borrowings, funds contributed by local shareholders as well as cash inflow
            from the operating activities of the Group.


            Capital commitments
            During the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group were mainly related to the acquisition of
            property, plant and equipment. The total of capital expenditures contracted but not incurred as at 31 December
            2024 was RMB14,620.08 million (31 December 2023: RMB19,828.09 million).




22   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Restricted assets
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had restricted assets with a total carrying amount of RMB13,981.92 million
for obtaining bank loans and other bank facilities. These assets include pledged and restricted bank deposits of
RMB3,377.40 million, bills receivables of RMB0.01 million, other financial assets of RMB170.00 million, property,
plant and equipment of RMB9,614.62 million and right-of-use assets of RMB819.88 million.


Significant investments held
As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


Future plans for significant investments and capital assets
As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any plans for significant external investments and capital assets.


Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
During the Reporting Period, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and associates.


Contingent liabilities
(a)    The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables, discounted
       certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and entered into factoring arrangement
       to transfer trade receivables to a bank without recourse. These outstanding endorsed bank acceptance bills,
       discounted bank acceptance bills and factored trade receivables are generally with maturities no more than
       6 months. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards
       relating to these instruments; the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in
       accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of these instruments
       was low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks or enterprises. As a result, the
       relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated financial statements. The maximum
       exposure to the Group that may result from the default of these endorsed, discounted and factored
       instruments as at 31 December are as follows:


                                                                                        2024                   2023
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000


        Endorsed or discounted bills                                              10,813,775             8,269,808
        Factored trade receivables                                                 1,200,000             1,700,000


                                                                                  12,013,775             9,969,808




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024     23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            (b)    During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
                   property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
                   the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
                   China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd. (“Luoyang Company”) is also a joint defendant in the
                   Claim related to Patent II.


                   During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
                   VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
                   Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.


                   The Company received the respective first-instance judgments for the claims of Patent I, Patent III and
                   Patent IV delivered by Fuzhou Intermediate Court between November 2022 and February 2023. After due
                   consideration, the Company made a total provision of RMB8.64 million for the claims of Patent I, Patent III
                   and Patent IV based on the assessment result of the compensation amounts of the internal legal counsel and
                   external legal counsel by the end of 2022.


                   In December 2023, the Supreme Court has revoked the civil indictments from Fuzhou Intermediate Court
                   regarding claims of Patent I and Patent IV. As a result, the Company has reversed the provision of RMB8.40
                   million related to claims of Patent I and Patent IV by the end of 2023.


                   Regarding Claim of Patent III, the Company received a civil judgment from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
                   in November 2022 and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease selling
                   products infringing the relevant patent from the date on which the judgment takes effect, (2) the Company
                   shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB2.63 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.20 million
                   within 15 days from the date on which the judgment takes effect, (3) the Company shall pay RMB0.13
                   million fees for the temporary protection period for the relevant patent within 15 days from the date on
                   which the judgment takes effect, and (4) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the
                   Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. The litigation has no significant progress during the
                   year ended 31 December 2024, hence the Directors determined to maintain the provision of RMB0.24 million
                   for Claim of Patent III as at 31 December 2024.


                   During May 2024, the Company received a civil judgment from the Higher People’s Court of Fujian Province
                   regarding the Claim related to Patent II and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company and Luoyang
                   Company shall immediately cease using, selling or offering to sell products infringing the relevant patent
                   from the date on which the judgment takes effect; (2) the Company and Luoyang Company shall jointly
                   and severally compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB40.56 million and reasonable costs of RMB1.02
                   million incurred for stopping the infringement within 15 days from the date on which the judgment takes
                   effect; and (3) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement
                   dated 20 May 2024. The Company has appealed the first-instance judgment to the Supreme People’s Court
                   within the appeal period. After careful consideration, the Company made a provision of a total of RMB3.24
                   million for these claims based on the assessment results of the compensation amount by internal legal
                   counsel and external legal counsel.




24   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




In July 2024, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Min 01 Min Chu No.543) served
by the Fuzhou Intermediate Court. The claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and
Fuzhou Cangshan Aion Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. (福州倉山埃安汽車銷售服務有限公司) (“Fuzhou
Cangshan Aion”) (an automobile seller independent of the Company) in respect of an infringement claim
on intellectual property rights of No. ZL201720968992.6 utility model patent (“Patent VII”) and the
salient contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling and offering
to sell products infringing the relevant patent; (2) Fuzhou Cangshan Aion shall immediately cease selling
products infringing the relevant patent; and (3) the Company shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of
RMB92.00 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.30 million incurred for stopping the infringement. Details
are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 26 July 2024.


In October 2024, the Company received a civil judgment from Higher People’s Court of Fujian Province
regarding the Claim related to Patent VI, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company and Luoyang
Company shall immediately cease selling or offering to sell products manufactured as of 18 July 2022 and
infringing the relevant patent from the date on which the judgment takes effect; (2) the Company and
Luoyang Company shall severally and jointly compensate CATL for economic losses RMB58.05 million and
reasonable costs of RMB0.50 million incurred for stopping the infringement within 15 days from the date
on which the judgment takes effect; and (3) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in
the announcement of the Company dated 18 October 2024. The Company has appealed the first-instance
judgment to the Supreme People’s Court within the appeal period. After careful consideration, the Company
made a provision of a total of RMB4.68 million for these claims based on the assessment results of the
compensation amount by internal legal counsel and external legal counsel.


In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Zhe 01 Zhi Min Chu No. 138)
from the Intermediate People’s Court of Hangzhou City, and currently the claim has been submitted to the
Higher People’s Court of Zhejiang Province (Case No.: (2025) Zhe Zhi Min Chu No. 1) for further trial. The
claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and Hangzhou Pengxing Automobile Sales
and Service Co., Ltd. (杭州鵬行汽車銷售服務有限公司) (“Hangzhou Pengxing”, an automobile seller
independent of the Company) in respect of an infringement claim on intellectual property rights of No.
ZL202210514746.9 invention patent (“Patent VIII”), the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company
shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling, and offering to sell products infringing the relevant patent;
and (2) the Company shall compensate CATL for economic losses and the reasonable royalty for using the
patent during the period from its application publication date to the grant date of RMB90.00 million in total
and reasonable costs of RMB1.00 million incurred for stopping the infringement. Details are set out in the
Company’s announcement dated 3 January 2025.


In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2025) Min 05 Min Chu No. 2) from
the Intermediate People’s Court of Quanzhou City. CATL has filed intellectual property infringement claims
against the Company and other defendants (third parties independent of the Company and its connected
persons) regarding the utility model patent No. ZL201621122034.9 (“Patent IX”), salient contents of
which are: (1) the Company should immediately cease manufacturing, selling, and offering to sell products
infringing the relevant patent; and (2) the Company should compensate CATL for economic losses of
RMB60.00 million and reasonable costs of RMB1.00 million incurred for stopping the infringement. Details
are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 17 January 2025.


                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      25
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Xiang Zhi Min Chu No. 1) from
                   the Higher People’s Court of Hunan Province. Intellectual property infringement claims were filed by CATL
                   against the Company and other defendants (third parties independent of the Company and its connected
                   persons) in respect of invention patent number ZL202011086325.8 (“Patent X”), salient contents of which
                   are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling, and offering to sell products infringing
                   the relevant patents; (2) the Company shall compensate CATL for economic losses of RMB110.00 million
                   and reasonable costs of RMB1.00 million incurred for stopping the infringement. Details are set out in the
                   Company’s announcement dated 28 January 2025.


                   After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal counsel, the
                   Directors are of the view that the claims relating to Patent VII, Patent VIII, Patent IX, and Patent X are lacking
                   in merit, and it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the claims
                   related to them.


                   Accordingly, as at 31 December 2024, the contingent liabilities of the Group were as follows:


                                                                                                                      Reasonable
                                                                                                  Damages                expenses
                                                                                                claimed by             claimed by
                                                                                                       CATL                  CATL
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


                    Claims related to:
                    Patent VII
                    relates to injection structure of a secondary battery                            92,000                    300


                    Patent VIII
                    relates to top cover component of secondary battery and
                      secondary battery                                                              90,000                  1,000


                    Patent IX
                    relates to a battery module                                                      60,000                  1,000


                    Patent X
                    relates to top cover component of secondary battery and
                      secondary battery                                                             110,000                  1,000


                   Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.




26   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                             Profile of Directors, Supervisors and
                                             Senior Management

DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士), born in April 1970, is the chairwoman of our Board, as well as an executive Director and
general manager of our Company. Ms. Liu has been a Director of our Company since 20 July 2018, by election at the
Shareholders’ meetings of our Company, was appointed as the chairwoman of the Board of our Company on 27 July 2018
and has been the general manager of our Company since 6 August 2018. Ms. Liu was designated as our executive Director
on 10 December 2021. Ms. Liu is also the chairwoman of the board or a Director of CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航
技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司), CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司), CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航
科技(江蘇)有限公司), CALB Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限公司), CALB (Wuhan) Co.,
Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司), CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中
創新航科技(成都)有限公司), CALB Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司), CALB Fujian Co., Ltd.*
(中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司), CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中
創新航科技(四川)有限公司), CALB Smart Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司), CALB (HK) Co.,
Limited and CALB (EUROPE), S.A. Ms. Liu also serves as the chairwoman of the board of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage
Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd. (江蘇動力及儲能電池創新中心有限公司), an associate of our Company. Ms. Liu is mainly
responsible for overall strategic planning and operational decision of our Company. Ms. Liu is the chairwoman of our
Nomination Committee and a member of Remuneration Committee.


Ms. Liu has received many honors including:


•      in March 2024, she was awarded the honorary title of “Jiangsu Top Ten Economic News Figures 2023”(2023年度江
       蘇十大經濟新聞人物稱號) by Xinhua Daily Media Group;


•      in February 2024, she was awarded the honorary title of “Star Entrepreneur” (明星企業家) by the Changzhou
       Municipal People’s Government, and the honorary titles of “Ziwei Medal” (紫薇獎章), “Outstanding Contribution
       Award 2023” (2023年度傑出貢獻獎) and “Outstanding Entrepreneur 2023” (2023年度優秀企業家) by the People’s
       Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


•      in March 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Jiangsu Outstanding Entrepreneur of Social Responsibility
       2022” (2022年度江蘇社會責任杰出企業家) by Xinhua Daily Media Group;


•      in January 2023, she was elected as a “representative of the 14th National People’s Congress of China”;




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024   27
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •      in January 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Industrial Star Entrepreneur” (工業明星企業家) by
            Changzhou Municipal People’s Government;


     •      in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary titles of “the Top Ten Women in Science and Technology Innovation in
            Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省科技創新十大女傑) and “the Outstanding Female Talent of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省巾幗
            智造之星) by three major departments including the Women’s Federation of Jiangsu Province;


     •      in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020-2021 Integrity Model and Integrity Star” (常州市
            2020-2021年度“誠信標兵”“誠信之星”) by 7 major departments including the Propaganda Department of the CPC
            Changzhou Municipal Committee, and was awarded as “Changzhou Advanced Individual in Promoting High-quality
            Development 2022” (2022常州市推動高質量發展先進個人);


     •      in February 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Entrepreneur of Jintan District of Changzhou
            City” (常州市金壇區優秀企業家) by the CPC Changzhou Jintan District Committee and Changzhou Jintan District
            People’s Government;


     •      in April 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Model Worker in Jintan District of Changzhou City” (常州市金
            壇區勞動模範) by Changzhou Jintan District People’s Government;


     •      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Advanced Person Contributing to Jintan District” (貢獻金
            壇先進人物) by Changzhou Jintan District People’s Government;


     •      in November 2020, she was awarded the honorary title of “Women Achievement Model” (巾幗建功標兵) in Jintan
            District of Changzhou City;


     •      in February 2020, she was awarded the title of “Excellent Entrepreneur” (優秀企業家) by Changzhou Jintan District
            People’s Government;


     •      in November 2019, she won the award of “LiXiang Person of the Year 2019” (鋰想2019年度人物獎) at the 4th
            International Summit on EV Battery Application* (第四屆動力電池應用國際峰會); and


     •      in June 2019, she was elected as the chairwoman of the first session of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery
            Industry Innovation Alliance* (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟).




28   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                    Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Ms. Liu has been a recognized senior accountant since December 2005 and a certified public accountant recognized by the
Shenzhen Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 2007. Ms. Liu was recognized as a registered valuer by the
Shenzhen Association of Registered Asset Appraisers in 2001 and was recognized as a certified tax agent by the Shenzhen
Registered Tax Agent Management Center in 2001.


Ms. Liu obtained a master’s degree in management majoring in accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and
Economics (東北財經大學) in April 2005.


Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生), born in June 1978, is the executive Director, deputy general manager and joint company secretary
of our Company. Mr. Dai has been the deputy general manager of our Company since 3 April 2019 and was appointed as
our Director on 2 December 2020 and as our company secretary on 6 January 2022 (effective upon Listing). Mr. Dai was
designated as our executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Dai also acts as a director of CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.* (中
創新航科技(福建)有限公司), CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航
科技(合肥)有限公司), CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司) and Sichuan Ganmei Xinhang New Energy
Resources Co., Ltd.* (四川甘眉新航新能源資源有限責任公司).


Mr. Dai has over 20 years of experience in business management, investment and financing. Prior to joining our Company,
Mr. Dai served as the deputy general manager and secretary of the board of directors of Shenzhen Tongyi Industrial Co.,
Ltd.* (深圳市同益實業股份有限公司) from August 2018 to April 2019. Mr. Dai worked as the secretary of the board of
directors in Tianma from November 2016 to January 2018. From April 2014 to January 2018, Mr. Dai served as an assistant
president of Tianma. From May 2011 to April 2014, he worked at Ping An Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (平安基金管理有限
公司). He worked in Da Cheng Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (大成基金管理有限公司) from October 2009 to May 2011 and
worked at Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd.* (平安人壽保險股份有限公司) from April 2004 to October 2009.
From May 2000 to August 2002, Mr. Dai worked at Yingda Securities Co., Ltd.* (英大證券有限責任公司).


Mr. Dai obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in International Finance from Zhongnan University of
Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學) in June 1999.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      29
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Non-Executive Directors
     Ms. Hu Jing (胡婧女士), born in November 1989, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Ms. Hu has served at Jiangsu
     Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司) since January 2021 where she has successively served as
     assistant to general manager, a member of the Party Committee, director and deputy general manager. In September 2024,
     she was appointed as a member of the Party Committee and deputy general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group
     Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司).


     Prior to joining Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司), Ms. Hu served as a financial
     management specialist at the Local Financial Supervision and Administration Bureau in Jintan District, Changzhou City* (常
     州市金壇區地方金融監督管理局) from September 2019 to December 2020, responsible for the shareholding system reform
     and listing of enterprises in Jintan District. From May 2017 to September 2019, Ms. Hu served as the general manager of
     the Fund Management Department at Jiangsu Yida Huijing Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (江蘇毅達匯景資產管理有限公司),
     responsible for the company’s fund operation and management. From May 2015 to April 2017, Ms. Hu worked at Nanjing
     Branch, The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited, responsible for financial market business. From July 2014 to February 2015,
     Ms. Hu worked at Xiamen Branch, Agricultural Bank of China.


     Ms. Hu also holds various positions in Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) and its
     subsidiaries and associates, including:


     •      the legal representative and chairwoman of Changzhou Jianghuan Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (常州江環能源科技
            有限公司) since November 2024;


     •      the appointed representative of the executive affairs partner of Changzhou Jintan Hualuogeng Technological
            Innovation Angel Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (常州金壇華羅庚科創天使投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
            since May 2024;


     •      a director of Beidian New Energy Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (北電新能源科技(江蘇)有限公司) since May 2024;


     •      a director of EGING PV Technology Co., LTD., a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai
            Stock Exchange (stock code: 600537), since April 2024;


     •      a supervisor of Jiangsu Zhongdian Cable Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (江蘇中電線纜研究院有限公司) since March
            2022;


     •      the general manager of Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙科技投資有限公司) since
            January 2022;


     •      the legal representative and an executive director of Changzhou Jintan District Industrial Innovation and
            Development Private Equity Fund Co., Ltd.* (常州市金壇區產業創新發展私募基金有限公司) since January 2022.


     Ms. Hu obtained a dual bachelor’s degree in engineering and economics from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2011,
     and a master’s degree in finance from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2014.




30   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Li Jiancun (李建存先生), born in September 1989, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Mr. Li has served as the
deputy general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) since October 2024.
Prior to that, Mr. Li served as the deputy general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控
股有限公司) from December 2022 to October 2024. From January 2020 to December 2022, Mr. Li worked at Jiangsu Jintan
Construction Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇建設發展有限公司) as the assistant to the general manager and served as
the general manager of Changzhou Jiangdong Resource Management Co., Ltd.* (常州江東資源經營有限公司). Mr. Li served
as a legal specialist of financial investment affairs at Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公
司) from September 2019 to December 2020. Mr. Li served as an internal control and compliance manager at Changzhou
Branch, China Bohai Bank from September 2017 to September 2019. During the same period, Mr. Li also served as a legal
specialist at Nanjing Branch, China Bohai Bank. From July 2014 to September 2017, Mr. Li worked at Changzhou Branch,
Bank of China and his last position was office secretary.


Mr. Li also holds various positions in Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) and its
subsidiaries, including:


•      a director of EGING PV Technology Co., LTD., a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai
       Stock Exchange (stock code: 600537), since 19 April 2024;


•      an executive director and the legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Jinsha Construction Investment Development Co.,
       Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金沙建設投資發展有限公司) since 30 January 2024;


•      an executive director and the legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇融資擔
       保有限公司) since 17 February 2023;


•      the chairman of Changzhou Changdanghu Smart Energy Co., Ltd.* (常州長盪湖智慧能源有限公司) since 2 March
       2023;


•      the chairman and legal representative of Changzhou Jiangdong Wojia Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (常州江東
       我家信息技術有限公司) since 25 July 2022;


•      the chairman and legal representative of Changzhou Jiangdong Urban Service Co., Ltd.* (常州江東城市服務有限公司)
       since 31 October 2022.


Mr. Li obtained a master’s degree majoring in law from Fudan University (復旦大學) in June 2014. Mr. Li obtained a
bachelor’s degree majoring in international economics and trade from Jiangsu Teachers University of Technology* (江蘇技術
師範學院) in June 2011.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      31
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Xie Jieping (謝潔平女士), born in November 1972, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Ms. Xie has served as
     the general manager of Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司) from 27 May 2024 until now.
     Ms. Xie successively served as the general manager of the fund management department and deputy general manager from
     April 2013 to February 2015 and general manager from February 2015 to May 2024, and has served as the chairwoman
     (responsible for daily operations) since December 2024 in Xiamen Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門市創業投資有限公司). Ms.
     Xie served as the deputy general manager of Xiamen Taikun Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門泰坤投資有限公司) from January
     2005 to July 2012. From July 2002 to December 2004, she served as the financial director and assistant to chairman of
     Xiamen Weidiya Technology Co. Ltd.* (廈門威迪亞科技有限公司). From July 1993 to June 2002, she successively served
     as clerk and head of the international settlement department and the fund operation department in Xiamen International
     Bank.


     Ms. Xie also holds multiple positions in various companies currently, mainly including:


     •       a director of Xiamen Sky Semiconductor Technology Co. Ltd.* (廈門雲天半導體科技有限公司) from December 2024
             until now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Tianma Display Technology Co., Ltd.* (廈門天馬顯示科技有限公司) from November 2024 until
             now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Silan Jihong Semiconductor Co., Ltd.* (廈門士蘭集宏半導體有限公司) from September 2024
             until now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司) from March 2024 until now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Yaxun Zhilian Technology Co., Ltd.* (廈門雅迅智聯科技股份有限公司) from June 2023 until
             now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Tianma Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.* (廈門天馬光電子有限公司) from May 2022 until now;


     •       a director of UCAR (Xiamen) Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (神州優車(廈門)信息科技有限公司) from May 2019
             until now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Software Information Industrial Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門市軟件信息產業創業投資有限公
             司) from July 2016 until now;


     •       a director of Xiamen Fukaihai Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門富凱海創投資管理有限公司) from June
             2016 until now;




32   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•      a director of Xiamen Gaoneng Haiyin Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門高能海銀創業投資管理有限公司)
       from November 2015 until now;


•      a director of Xiamen Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門市創業投資有限公司) from March 2015 until now;


•      a director of Xiamen Saifu Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門賽富創業投資管理有限公司) from October
       2014 until now.


In addition, Ms. Xie currently serves as the president of the Xiamen Entrepreneurship and Investment Association (廈門市
創業與投資協會) and the director of the Private Equity Fund Self-discipline and Supervision Committee of the Securities,
Futures and Fund Association of Xiamen (廈門證券期貨基金業協會私募基金自律監察專業委員會). With many years of
experience in the financial industry and industrial and equity investment fund sectors, she was recognised as a “High-Level
Financial Specialist in Xiamen” (廈門市高層次金融人才) in 2021.


Ms. Xie Jieping obtained her degree of bachelor in economics in July 1993 and degree of master in business administration
in April 2013 from Xiamen University.


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Wu Guangquan (吳光權先生), born in May 1962, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wu joined our
Company and was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Wu is primarily
responsible for providing independent advice and judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our
Company. Mr. Wu is the chairman of our Remuneration Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and Nomination
Committee.


Mr. Wu has accumulated extensive experience in the field of corporate governance and business development through his
past experiences. Mr. Wu has served as the chairman of the presidium of China Federation of Industrial Economics (中國
工業經濟聯合會) from July 2019, which is a joint organization of the National Federation of Industries (全國工業行業協會)
with its main goal to actively promote the transformation of China’s industrialization and encourage technology innovation.
Since July 2019, he served as chairman of Council of Federation of Shenzhen Industries (深圳工業總會), an organization
aiming to nurture and establish associations of various industries, promote technological innovation and the transformation
and upgrading of enterprises in industrial sector. From May 2017 to July 2019, Mr. Wu served as the chairman of the board
of directors, and secretary of the leading party members’ sub-group (分黨組書記) at China Aviation Industry General Aircraft
Co., Ltd.* (中航通用飛機有限公司) and was mainly responsible for its overall management. From December 2016 to May
2017, he served as special commissioner of AVIC. From February 2010 to December 2016, he worked at AVIC International
Holding Corporation* (中國航空技術國際控股有限公司). During his tenure at AVIC International, he held various positions
and his last positions were chairman of the board of directors and secretary of leading party members’ sub-group (分黨組書
記) . From September 2002 to February 2010, Mr. Wu worked at AVIC Technology Shenzhen Limited* (中國航空技術深圳有
限公司) (formerly known as AVIC Technology International Holdings Shenzhen Co., Ltd.* (中國航空技術國際控股深圳有限公
司)) (“AVIC Shenzhen”) where his last positions were chairman of the board of directors and general manager. During the
term of his office at AVIC Shenzhen, Mr. Wu also served as the chairman of several listed companies under AVIC Shenzhen.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      33
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     From May 1997 to April 2000, he served as the general manager of Jiangxi Jiangnan Trust Joint Stock Company Limited*
     (江西江南信託投資股份有限公司) (formerly known as AVIC Trust Co., Ltd.* (中航信託股份有限公司)). From August 1982
     to May 1997, Mr. Wu worked at AVIC Shenzhen holding various positions and his last positions were deputy general
     accountant and manager of the financial department. Mr. Wu obtained the qualification of senior accountant from AVIC on
     28 February 1996.


     Mr. Wu obtained a diploma in industrial accounting from Zhengzhou University of Aeronautics* (鄭州航空工業管理學院) in
     July 1982 and received a master’s degree of business administration from Tongji University (同濟大學) in July 1999.


     Mr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生先生), born in March 1969, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wang joined
     our Company and was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Wang is mainly
     responsible for supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company.
     Mr. Wang is the chairman of our Audit Committee.


     Mr. Wang has extensive experience in investment, financing and corporate management. Since April 2017, Mr. Wang has
     been a professor and doctoral supervisor in the Department of Finance of Southern University of Science and Technology (南
     方科技大學).


     From April 2017 to August 2023, Mr. Wang served as an independent non-executive director of Shahe Industrial Co.,
     Ltd.* (沙河實業股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 000014). From December 2016 to July 2022, he served as an independent non-executive director of Tianma
     Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the
     Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000050). From January 2016 to February 2022, he served as an independent
     non-executive director of Wedge Industrial Co., Ltd., a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 000534). From July 2003 to April 2017, Mr. Wang worked at the Economics and Management
     School of Harbin Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School* (哈爾濱工業大學深圳研究生院) as a professor.


     Mr. Wang also currently serves as the following positions:


     •      an independent non-executive director of Changyuan Technology Group Ltd.* (長園科技集團股份有限公司), a
            company whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600525), and is principally engaged
            in the R&D and manufacturing of intelligent digitalization of industrial and power systems;


     •      an independent non-executive director of Dowell Service Group Co. Limited* (東原仁知城市運營服務集團股份有限
            公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 02352), and is principally
            engaged in the provision of comprehensive services for property projects.


     Mr. Wang has been qualified as a certified public accountant (non-practising member) in the PRC in May 1997.


     Mr. Wang graduated with a bachelor of science degree from Changsha Institute of Electric Power* (長沙電力學院) in July
     1991 and he graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) with a master’s degree in economics in 1994. Mr.
     Wang received his doctor degree in law majoring in international economic law from School of Law, Peking University (北京
     大學) in July 2000 and postdoctoral degree majoring in management from School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua
     University (清華大學) in July 2002. Mr. Wang also held a master’s degree in business administration from University of
     Chicago in May 2004.
34   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生), born in July 1970, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen joined our
Company and was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Chen is mainly
responsible for supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company.
Mr. Chen is a member of our Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.


Mr. Chen has extensive experience on providing advice on legal risk control, dispute resolution and mergers and acquisition
for listed companies and state-owned enterprises. Since August 2012, Mr. Chen has been a senior partner at JunZeJun Law
Offices (君澤君律師事務所). From November 2017 to June 2024, Mr. Chen served as an independent non-executive director
of Shenzhen Nanshan Power Co., Ltd.* (深圳南山熱電股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main
Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000037). From June 2016 to July 2022, he served as an independent
non-executive director of Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed
on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000050). From November 2016 to 2019, he served as an
independent non-executive director of New Sports Group Limited located in Hong Kong, a company whose shares are listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (currently known as Glory Sun Land Group Limited) (stock code: 00299). From
May 2014 to June 2020, he served as an independent non-executive director of Hubei Sanxia New Building Materials Co.,
Ltd. (湖北三峽新型建材股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
600293). From 2010 to 2012, he was a counsel at King & Wood Mallesons (金杜律師事務所). From 1994 to 2010, Mr.
Chen served at various positions at Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court where his last position was Deputy Chief Judge
at the Company Liquidation and Bankruptcy Division of Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court* (深圳市中級人民法院(公司
清算與破產審判庭)).


Mr. Chen also currently serves as an independent non-executive director at other companies including:


•      Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd.* (生命人壽保險有限公司);


•      Sino Life Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (生命保險資產管理有限公司);


•      Sino Life Insurance Holding Joint Stock Limited Company* (生命保險控股股份有限公司).


Mr. Chen is a registered foreign lawyer in Hong Kong, and a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong. He is also a
qualified lawyer in the PRC, and a managing partner at the Hong Kong Office of JunZeJun Law Offices (君澤君律師事務
所). Mr. Chen is an arbitrator at China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (中國國際經濟貿易仲裁
委員會) and Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration (深圳國際仲裁院). Mr. Chen graduated from Southwest University
of Political Science & Law (西南政法大學) with a bachelor’s degree in economic law in July 1994 and received his master’s
degree in common law from the University of Hong Kong in December 2003. He also obtained a doctoral degree in civil
and commercial law from Jilin University (吉林大學) in December 2008.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024    35
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Supervisors
     Mr. Li Hui (李輝先生), born in July 1982, is a non-employee representative Supervisor of the Company. Mr. Li has served as
     a member of the Party Committee and the secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission of Jiangsu Jintan Investment
     Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) since 6 September 2024. Since March 2019, Mr. Li has served as the deputy
     general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華羅庚科技發展有限公司).
     From June 2016 to February 2019, Mr. Li worked as a member of the Party Committee for the Zhiqian Town Government
     in Jintan District, Changzhou City. From November 2013 to May 2016, Mr. Li worked as a member of the Party Committee
     at the Rulin Town Government in Jintan District. Prior to joining Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資
     集團有限公司), Mr. Li served at the Jintan Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau* (金壇市人力資源和社會
     保障局) from December 2000 to October 2013, and his last position was secretary of the Party Branch for Labor and Law
     Enforcement and deputy captain of the Labor Supervision Brigade.


     Mr. Li also holds various positions in Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) and its
     subsidiaries, including:


     •       an executive director and the legal representative of Jiangsu Yanrui Precision Technology Company Limited* (江蘇炎
             瑞精密科技有限公司) since June 2024;


     •       an executive director and the legal representative of Changzhou Yuanmei New Materials Technology Company
             Limited* (常州源美新材料科技有限公司) since November 2023;


     •       an executive director of Jiangsu Huahang Energy Company Limited* (江蘇華航能源有限公司) since October 2023;


     •       a director of Jiangsu RDF Precision Technology Co., Ltd.* (江蘇瑞德豐精密技術股份有限公司) since October 2021;


     •       the general manager of Changzhou Huake Venture Capital Company Limited* (常州華科創業投資有限公司) since
             May 2021.


     Mr. Li has served as a public lawyer for Zhiqian Town Government in Jintan District, Changzhou City since November 2018,
     and a corporate lawyer for Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華羅庚科技發展有限
     公司) since May 2022. Mr. Li obtained a diploma in Law from Central Radio and TV University* (中央廣播電視大學) in July
     2006.




36   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士), born in August 1974, is our non-employee representative Supervisor. Ms. Cheng joined our
Company on 13 August 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on the same day. Ms. Cheng is mainly responsible
for supervising our Directors and senior management of our Company as to the fulfillment of their duties. Ms. Cheng
possesses extensive experience in the fields of financial and corporate governance. Ms. Cheng joined Sichuan Chengfei
Jicheng Technology Co., Ltd.* (四川成飛集成科技股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002190) (“Chengfei Jicheng”), since January 2002. Chengfei Jicheng is primarily
engaged in the design, development and manufacturing of the tools and dies, with typical products such as the dies for
the large and high-grade outer skin panels used in medium and high-grade cars. Ms. Cheng has successively served as
various positions including planner of planning department, person in charge of planning department, person in charge of
securities department, person in charge of project department and secretary of the third to the eighth sessions of the board
of directors of Chengfei Jicheng. Currently, she is a member of the Party Committee, director, chief accountant, board
secretary, general legal counsel, and chief compliance officer of Chengfei Jicheng, mainly responsible for Chengfei Jicheng’s
financial work, legal and compliance affairs, information-based management, information disclosure related matters,
management of relationship with investors and dealing with matters in relation to the board meetings.


Ms. Cheng also holds various positions in subsidiaries and associates of Chengfei Jicheng, including:


•      a director of Anhui Chengfei Jicheng Rayhoo Motor Dies Co., Ltd.* (安徽成飛集成瑞鵠汽車模具有限公司) since
       January 2025;


Ms. Cheng has received a number of awards over the years including:


•      “Top 10 Outstanding Corporate Financial Management Talents in Western China in 2023” (2023年度中國西部地區
       十大企業財務管理卓越人才) awarded by the China Enterprise Financial Evaluation Expert Committee* (中國企業財務
       評價專家委員會) and the China CFO Development Center* (中國CFO發展中心) in 2024;


•      rated 4A in the performance evaluation of the board secretaries awarded by the China Association for Public
       Companies for two consecutive years in 2023 and 2024;


•      excellent Board Secretary of the 14th “Tianma Award” for Investor Relations of Listed Companies in China awarded
       by Securities Times in 2023;


•      excellent Board Secretary of Listed Companies in Sichuan Province of the Year (四川上市公司年度優秀董事會秘書)
       for years of 2016, 2015 and 2013 awarded by Sichuan Listed Companies Association in October 2017, July 2016
       and July 2014, respectively;




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      37
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •       Top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise Board 2011 (2011中國中小
             板上市公司百佳董秘) and Top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise
             Board 2010 (2010中國中小板上市公司百佳董秘) awarded by Securities Times in 2012 and 2011, respectively.


     Ms. Cheng has been a Senior International Finance Manager (高級國際財務管理師) jointly recognized by International
     Financial Management Association and China Association of Chief Financial Officers since June 2010. She has also been a
     Senior Economist (高級經濟師) recognized by Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC since September
     2020.


     Ms. Cheng graduated from Northwestern Polytechnical University (西北工業大學) with a bachelor’s degree in machinery
     manufacturing process and equipment in July 1996, and she obtained a master’s degree in business administration from
     Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學) in December 2001.


     Ms. Nian Mingzhu (念明珠女士), born in March 1987, is the employee representative Supervisor of our Company. Ms.
     Nian joined our Company on 15 July 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on 15 September 2020. She is mainly
     responsible for supervising our Directors and senior management of our Company on fulfillment of their duties. Apart from
     being our Supervisor, she worked as an equipment procurement director at CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源 (廈
     門)有限公司) from July 2019 to September 2020 and had been the equipment procurement director of our Company since
     September 2020 to November 2023, mainly responsible for commercial affairs of our Company’s equipment procurement.
     Since November 2023, she has been a purchasing specialist of the cell purchasing department, primarily responsible for the
     delivery of cathode materials. She has been a project purchasing specialist since October 2024.


     Ms. Nian also serves as a supervisor for CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司), CALB Technology Co.,
     Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司), CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), CALB (Chengdu) Co.,
     Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司), CALB Technology (Shenzhen)
     Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限公司), CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司), CALB (Fujian)
     Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司), CALB (Sichuan) Co.,
     Ltd.* (中創新航科技(四川)有限公司) and CALB Smart Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司).


     Ms. Nian obtained her bachelor’s degree in financial management from Fujian Normal University (福建師範大學) in June
     2011.




38   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                       Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士), born in April 1970, is the chairwoman of the Board, our executive Director and general
manager of our Company. For the biography of Ms. Liu, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士), born in November 1984, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Dr. Pan
joined our Company on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as deputy general manager and chief technology officer
of our Company on 5 September 2019. She is mainly responsible for the market strategy and technology research and
development of our Company. Dr. Pan has also served as the person-in-charge of Shanghai Branch of the Company since
28 July 2022.


Dr. Pan has over ten years of experience in the R&D of battery. From July 2011 to April 2019, she successively served as the
director of the battery materials office, the director of the battery design office, the director of the battery design institute,
the project chief engineer, the deputy chief engineer and the chief technology officer of Luoyang Company, and was mainly
responsible for material R&D, battery products development, scientific research management and major project research.


In September 2017, Dr. Pan obtained the qualification of a senior engineer awarded by AVIC.


Dr. Pan received many honors, including:


•      in May 2023, she was awarded the “Jiangsu Youth May Fourth Medal” (江蘇青年五四獎章) jointly by Jiangsu
       Province Committee of Communist Youth League of China (共青團江蘇省委) and Jiangsu Youth Federation (江蘇省
       青年聯合會)；


•      in May 2022, she was awarded the “Ten Outstanding Young People in Changzhou” (常州市十大傑出青年) by
       Changzhou Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League and Changzhou Daily;


•      in March 2022, she was awarded the “March 8 Red Flag Bearer of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省三八紅旗手) by the
       People’s Government of Jiangsu Province;


•      in March 2022, she was awarded the “Most Beautiful Woman of Changzhou” (常州市最美巾幗人物) by the People’s
       Government of Jiangsu Province;


•      in October 2021, she was awarded the “Top Talent of Changzhou ‘Dragon City Talent Program’” (常州市”龍城英才
       計劃”頂尖人才) by Changzhou Talent Work Leading Group Office;


•      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020 Outstanding Entrepreneur” (2020年度優秀企業家)
       by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024       39
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2016-2020 Advanced Person of Moving Jintan”
            (2016-2020年感動金壇先進人物) by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


     •      in June 2019, she was appointed as a member of the Technical Committee of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage
            Battery Industry Innovation Alliance* (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟技術委員會);


     •      in April 2019, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Expert of Luoyang City” (洛陽市優秀專家) by the
            People’s Government of Luoyang City;


     •      in January 2019, she was awarded the honorary title of “Leader of Academic Technology in Henan Province” (河南
            省學術技術帶頭人) by the People’s Government of Henan Province;


     •      in January 2019, she was awarded the second prize of Henan Science and Technology Progress Award (河南省科學
            技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “Technology Development of High
            Specific Energy EV Battery Based on Hybrid Cathode Material” (基於混合正極材料的高比能量動力電池技術開發);


     •      in October 2017, she was awarded the honorary title of “Winner of Luoyang Youth Science and Technology Award”
            (洛陽市青年科技獎獲獎者) by the Luoyang Talent Work Leading Group (洛陽市人才工作領導小組);


     •      in September 2017, she was awarded the second prize of the Fujian Science and Technology Progress Award (福建
            省科學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Fujian Province for the project of “High-Safety Ceramic Separator
            and Its Application in Power Lithium-ion Batteries” (高安全陶瓷隔膜及其在動力鋰離子電池中的應用);


     •      in December 2016, she was awarded the second prize of Henan Science and Technology Progress Award (河南省科
            學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “High Safety CAM72FI Metal Shell
            Lithium-ion EV Battery” (高安全性CAM72FI金屬殼鋰離子動力電池);


     •      in July 2015, she was awarded the first prize of the Luoyang Science and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科
            學技術進步獎) by the Luoyang Municipal People’s Government for the project of “CAM72FI Metal Shell Battery
            Development” (CAM72FI金屬殼電池研製); and


     •      in March 2015, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Scientific and Technological Worker” (優秀科技
            工作者) by AVIC.


     Dr. Pan obtained her doctoral degree in physical chemistry from University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技
     術大學) in June 2011.




40   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生), born in June 1978, is the executive Director, deputy general manager and joint company
secretary of our Company. For the biography of Mr. Dai, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生), born in November 1982, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Mr. Geng joined
our Company on 1 July 2018 and was appointed as the deputy general manager on 6 August 2018, responsible for the
digital intelligence and the businesses of the Ship Division of our Company. Mr. Geng is the legal representative, director
and general manager of CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科
技(四川)有限公司) and Sichuan Ganmei Xinhang New Energy Resources Co., Ltd.* (四川甘眉新航新能源資源有限責任公司).
Mr. Geng is also the legal representative and general manager of CALB Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航材料科技(四
川)有限公司).


Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Geng served as assistant president at Tianma from February 2014 to January 2018
and was mainly responsible for Tianma’s engagement of finance and information technology, during which time he was
also responsible for procurement, business management and administrative management. He also served as the financial
controller of Tianma from January 2012 to January 2014. From October 2010 to December 2011, Mr. Geng served as
the financial controller at Shanghai AVIC Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海中航光電子有限公司). From February 2009 to
December 2011, he worked as the financial controller at Chengdu Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (成都天馬微電子股
份有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma. From January 2007 to January 2009, he worked as a financial accountant of Shanghai
Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海天馬微電子股份有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma. Mr. Geng earned his bachelor’s
degree of management in accounting from Anhui University of Technology (安徽工業大學) in July 2003.


Ms. Gao Yan (高艷女士), born in October 1983, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Ms. Gao joined our
Company on 20 April 2020 and was appointed as the deputy general manager on 25 April 2020. Ms. Gao is the financial
controller of our Company and mainly responsible for the financial and human resources work of our Company. She also
served as the person-in-charge of the Beijing Branch of the Company.


Ms. Gao has over 15 years of experience in finance. Prior to joining our Company, she worked successively at Tianma as
financial controller from May 2015 to April 2020 (mainly responsible for functioning of the accounting organization of
Tianma), as a financial manager from June 2010 to April 2015 and as a financial accountant from April 2008 to May 2010.


Ms. Gao obtained her bachelor’s and master’s degree of management in accounting from Central South University (中南大
學) in June 2005 and December 2007, respectively.


Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生), born in October 1984, joined our Company on 8 December 2015 and was appointed
as the deputy general manager of our Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. Wang is mainly responsible for the Energy
Storage Division affairs and the affairs of quality and intellectual property rights of the Company. Mr. Wang has been the
legal representative and general manager of CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司) since 1
February 2023. Mr. Wang has been serving as the legal representative, director and general manager of Jiangsu Power and
Energy Storage Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd.* (江蘇動力及儲能電池創新中心有限公司) since 1 November 2021. Mr.
Wang has been serving as the legal representative and general manager of CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江蘇)有
限公司) since 23 June 2021.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024     41
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Wang served as vice general manager of our Company from August 2016 to August 2018, and was mainly responsible
     for the relevant engagement of our Company’s overall operation and manufacturing. From August 2013 to September
     2015, he had successively served as vice general manager and general manager of the manufacturing department at China
     Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司) and was mainly responsible for the engagement
     of crafts technology, equipment technology and manufacturing management. He served as the plant manager at the Lean
     Plant 1* (精益一廠) of the manufacturing department of Luoyang Company from September 2011 to July 2013 and was
     mainly responsible for production management of the sub-factory. He also served as engineer at the process technology
     department of Luoyang Company from October 2010 to August 2011 and was mainly responsible for the engagement of
     crafts development. Prior to joining of Luoyang Company, he served as technical engineer at Shanxi Taigang Stainless Steel
     Co., Ltd.* (山西太鋼不銹鋼鋼管有限公司) from July 2009 to October 2010 and was mainly responsible for workshop crafts.


     Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor of engineering degree in material science and engineering from Zhengzhou University (鄭州
     大學) in July 2006 and a master of engineering degree in material science from University of Science and Technology Beijing
     (北京科技大學) in June 2009.


     Mr. He Fan (何凡先生), born in October 1977, joined our Company on 20 August 2018 and was appointed as vice general
     manager of our Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. He is responsible for the manufacturing operations, engineering
     construction, environmental safety of our Company. Mr. He also acts as the legal representative, director and general
     manager of CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司). He has been serving as the legal representative and
     general manager of CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司) since August 2024.


     Before being appointed as vice general manager of our Company, Mr. He acted as the assistant to general manager of our
     Company from August 2018 to November 2021 and was mainly responsible for engineering construction. Prior to joining
     our Company, Mr. He had successively served as senior manager of factory affairs, deputy director of factory affairs, and
     director of factory affairs in Tianma from July 2011 to November 2017 and was mainly responsible for project construction
     and operation management. From April 2007 to June 2011, he had successively served as environment safety engineer and
     environment safety manager in Tianma.


     Mr. He obtained his bachelor’s degree in environment engineer from Suzhou Institute of Urban Construction and
     Environmental Protection* (蘇州城建環保學院) in June 2001.




42   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生), born in September 1982, joined our Company on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as vice
general manager of our Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. Xie is mainly responsible for the sales of in-vehicle business
and research and development of in-vehicle battery products of our Company.


Before being appointed as vice general manager of our Company, Mr. Xie acted as the assistant to general manager
of our Company from July 2019 to October 2021 and was mainly responsible for sales of domestic passenger vehicles.
From January 2019 to June 2019, he was a senior product director of marketing center of our Company and was mainly
responsible for development of passenger vehicle products. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Xie had successively served as
the head of engineering department, the deputy president of technology research institute and the deputy chief engineer
of the science and technology department at Luoyang Company from September 2008 to December 2018, and was mainly
responsible for project management and development of battery pack products. From November 2007 to August 2008, he
served as an engineer in the engineering department at Luoyang Company, and was mainly responsible for the development
of battery pack products. From August 2006 to October 2007, Mr. Xie served as an engineer at the engineering department
of CAMA (Luoyang) Electromechanic Co., Ltd.* (凱邁(洛陽)機電有限公司) and was responsible for product development.


Mr. Xie has obtained the qualification of senior engineer from AVIC in 2016. He received the first prize of Luoyang Science
and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科學技術進步獎) for the project “research on lithium energy storage technology
of large-scale wind-solar storage and transportation system*” (大規模風光儲輸綜合系統鋰電儲能技術研究) awarded by
People’s Government of Luoyang City in June 2016. He was also awarded the AVIC Science and Technology Award* (中航
工業集團科學技術獎) for the project “High reliability CA60F I lithium-ion EV battery*” (高可靠性CA60F I鋰離子動力電池) by
AVIC in December 2015. In January 2014, he was awarded the second prize of the Science and Technology Progress Award
of Henan Province (河南省科學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project “Megawatt-level
Lithium-ion Battery Grid Peak-shaving Energy Storage System” (兆瓦級鋰離子電池電網調峰儲能系統).


Mr. Xie obtained his bachelor of engineering       degree in computer science and technology from Harbin Engineering
University (哈爾濱工程大學) in June 2006.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of our Company on 6 January 2022. For the
biography of Mr. Dai, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (張啟昌先生) was appointed as the other joint company secretary of our Company on 6
January 2022. Mr. Cheung is a senior manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited mainly responsible
for assisting listed companies in professional company secretarial work. Prior to joining SWCS Corporate Services Group
(Hong Kong) Limited, Mr. Cheung served as the company secretary of certain companies, each of which is listed on the
Stock Exchange. Mr. Cheung is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom.


Mr. Cheung obtained a Bachelor of Arts (Honours) degree in Accounting and Finance at the University of Glamorgan in the
United Kingdom in June 1996.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      43
     Corporate Governance Report

     The Board hereby presents the corporate governance report (the “Corporate Governance Report”）of the Company for
     the year ended 31 December 2024.


     Corporate Governance Practices
     The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and has established and implemented
     good corporate governance practices to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements on management structure,
     internal control, risk management and information disclosure, so as to achieve effective transparency and accountability to
     safeguard the interests of all shareholders.


     The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”）set out in Appendix
     C1 to the Listing Rules as its own corporate governance code since 6 October 2022 (the “Listing Date”）. During the
     Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code, except for the
     following deviations:


     Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairwoman and General Manager should be separate and
     should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairwoman and General
     Manager should be clearly established and set out in writing.


     Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman and general manager of the Company, mainly responsible for overall strategic planning
     and operational decision of the Group. Taking into consideration the Company’s current situation, the Board believes that
     vesting the roles of both chairwoman and general manager in the same person are beneficial to ensure consistent leadership
     within the Group and enable the Group to formulate overall strategic planning more effectively and efficiently. The
     Directors also believe that the current arrangement will not impair the balance of duties and authorities and the structure
     will enable the Company to make decisions and implement them in a timely and effective manner. Under the leadership of
     Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board works effectively and performs its responsibilities to discuss all important and appropriate issues
     in a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board and the relevant
     Board committees, and there are three independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent views, the
     Board is therefore of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers within
     the Board. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time in light of
     prevailing circumstances, to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


     The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices to ensure that it continues to comply with the CG
     Code and is in line with the latest developments of the regulatory authorities.




44   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Culture
Mission: We shoulder the mission of energy safety for mankind. We drive the positive development of the industry with
innovative concepts and leading core technologies. Adhering to our corporate spirit of “transcend commerce to benefit
humanity”, we are committed to leading the new energy era.

Values: sincerity, efficiency and win-win.

Our strategy: We strive to lead the energy evolution and create a better world for mankind through the following strategies.

•      Culture and talent strategy

•      Leading product and technology strategy

•      Quality strategy

•      Brand strategy

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Composition of the Board
Our Company has established a Board, which comprises 8 Directors, including 2 executive Directors, 3 non-executive
Directors and 3 independent non-executive Directors. The Board shall have one chairperson. The chairperson of the Board
shall be elected and removed by more than one half of all Directors. The term of office of the chairperson shall be three
years. Chairperson may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiration of his/her term of office.

The Board delegates certain responsibilities to various dedicated committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of
Association and the Listing Rules. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 31 December 2024 in relation
to poll results of the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting, the resolution on the election of directors to the second
session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved in the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting. On
the same day, the Company held the first meeting of the second session of the Board to resolve on the composition of all
special committees (the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee) under the Board.

Executive Directors
Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman and General Manager)
Mr. Dai Ying

Non-executive Directors
Ms. Hu Jing (appointed on 31 December 2024)
Mr. Li Jiancun (appointed on 31 December 2024)
Ms. Xie Jieping (appointed on 31 December 2024)

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Wu Guangquan
Mr. Wang Susheng
Mr. Chen Zetong

Ms. Hu Jing, Mr. Li Jiancun and Ms. Xie Jieping have confirmed that (i) they have obtained the legal opinion as described in
Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 26 December 2024; and (ii) they are aware of their responsibilities as directors of listed
issuers under the Listing Rules.



                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024       45
     Corporate Governance Report




     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management” of this report. To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of them has any personal relationship (including
     financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) with any other Directors, the chairwoman and the chief
     executives of the Company. The Company considers that the composition of the Board has been well balanced. Each of the
     Directors has the relevant experience, knowledge and expertise that can contribute to the business of the Company. The
     executive Directors oversee the day-to-day operations of the Group, while the independent non-executive Directors provide
     independent judgement to the decision-making process of the Board.


     Responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the Board and management
     The Company has formalized and adopted written terms of reference on the division of functions reserved to the Board
     and those delegated to the management of the Company. The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the
     Company, including the approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, risk management
     and internal control systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial data,
     appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.


     All Directors have full and timely access to the relevant data of the Group as well as the advice and services of the joint
     company secretary and senior management of the Company, in order to ensure compliance with the Board procedures
     and all applicable laws and regulations. Any Director may request independent professional advice in appropriate
     circumstances at the Company’s expense, upon reasonable request being made to the Board. The Board has delegated the
     responsibility for implementing its corporate strategies and the day-to-day management, operation and administration to
     the management of the Company under the leadership of the executive Directors. Clear guidance has been made as to
     the matters that should be reserved to the Board for its decision which include matters on, inter alia, capital, finance and
     financial reporting, internal control, communication with Shareholders, Board composition, delegation of authority and
     corporate governance. The Board periodically reviews the delegated functions and work tasks. Prior to entering into any
     significant transactions, the aforesaid officers have to obtain the Board’s approval.


     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which includes:


     (1)    to develop and review the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make
            recommendations to the Board;


     (2)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;


     (3)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


     (4)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to Directors and
            employees; and


     (5)    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report of the
            Company.




46   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




Continuous professional development of Directors
All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of being a
Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business of the
Company and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their appointment
as Directors to ensure that he or she has a proper understanding of the operation and business of the Company and
full awareness of Directors’ responsibilities and obligation under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
All Directors have been provided monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
performance, financial position and prospects to keep the Directors’ abreast of the Group’s affairs in order to discharge
their duties. All Directors are also updated from time to time on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
practices, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
the Company.


During the year ended 31 December 2024, all Directors had participated in continuous professional development in the
following manner in compliance with code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code:


                                                                  Continuous professional development
Directors                                                          Attend trainings                      Read materials


Executive Directors
Liu Jingyu                                                                         √                                   √
Dai Ying                                                                           √                                   √


Non-executive Directors
Hu Jing (appointed on 31 December 2024)                                             –                                  √
Li Jiancun (appointed on 31 December 2024)                                          –                                  √
Xie Jieping (appointed on 31 December 2024)                                         –                                  √
Zhou Sheng (retired on 31 December 2024)                                           √                                   √
Zhang Guoqing (retired on 31 December 2024)                                        √                                   √
Li Yunxiang (resigned on 26 August 2024)                                           √                                   √


Independent Non-executive Directors
Wu Guangquan                                                                       √                                   √
Wang Susheng                                                                       √                                   √
Chen Zetong                                                                        √                                   √




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      47
     Corporate Governance Report




     Appointment, re-election and removal
     Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of
     office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself/herself for re-election and re-appointment, but the term of office of an
     independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules
     of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed. The term of office of a director shall commence from his/
     her accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the Board. Where election of directors fails to be timely
     conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former directors, the former directors shall, prior to the accession of the
     newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental
     rules and the Articles of Association.


     Subject to the relevant laws and regulations, and the regulatory rules of the jurisdictions where the Company’s shares are
     listed, any person appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the Board shall hold
     office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


     When a Director’s resignation becomes effective or his/her term of office expires, he/she shall duly carry out all handover
     procedures with the Board. His/her fiduciary obligations to the Company and Shareholders shall not necessarily terminate
     from the end of his/her term of office and shall remain effective within a reasonable period as specified in the Articles of
     Association.


     If any Director fails to attend in person or appoint other Directors as his/her representative to attend meetings of the Board
     for two consecutive times, such Director shall be deemed to have failed to perform his/her duties, and the Board shall
     propose to replace such Director at the general meeting.


     Independent non-executive Directors
     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company has complied with Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10A of the
     Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, representing more than
     one-third of the Board and at least one of them has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
     financial management expertise. All independent non-executive Directors also meet the guidelines for assessment of their
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
     each of the independent non-executive Directors as required under the Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the year ended
     31 December 2024 and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent. The Board will assess its
     independence annually.


     Board meetings
     Pursuant to the CG Code and the Articles of Association, the Board is scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year,
     to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings
     will be held when necessary.


     Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely data to allow them to fulfill their duties properly.




48   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Notices for regular Board meetings and meeting agenda are sent to all Directors, supervisors and general manager in
advance. Notice of at least 14 days is given for a regular Board meeting. For other Board meetings, all Directors, supervisors
and general manager shall be notified within a reasonable period (not less than five days) prior to the meeting. Board
papers together with all appropriate, complete and relevant data are dispatched to all Directors at least three days before
each regular Board meeting to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the related documents and be
adequately prepared for the meeting.


The joint company secretary is responsible for keeping minutes of all Board and committee meetings. Draft minutes are
normally circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable period after each meeting and the final version is
open to Directors for inspection. The Articles of Association contain provisions requiring Directors to abstain from voting
and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their
associates have a material interest.


Directors’ attendance records
During the Reporting Period, eleven Board meetings and three general meetings were held. The attendance records of
Directors are set out below:


                                                              Meetings of the Board                      General meetings
                                                        Attendance rate/Number of             Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                             meetings                             meetings


Liu Jingyu                                                                       11/11                                   3/3
Dai Ying                                                                         11/11                                   3/3
Hu Jing                                                                           1/1(1)                                0/0(2)
Li Jiancun                                                                        1/1(1)                                0/0(2)
Xie Jieping                                                                       1/1(1)                                0/0(2)
Zhou Sheng                                                                      10/10   (1)
                                                                                                                         3/3
Zhang Guoqing                                                                   10/10(1)                                 3/3
Li Yunxiang                                                                       4/4   (3)
                                                                                                                        2/2(3)
Wu Guangquan                                                                     11/11                                   3/3
Wang Susheng                                                                     11/11                                   3/3
Chen Zetong                                                                      11/11                                   3/3




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024       49
     Corporate Governance Report




     Notes:

     (1)      On 31 December 2024, the Company held the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting to consider and approve the resolution on the
              election of directors to the second session of the Board of the Company. As Mr. Zhou Sheng and Mr. Zhang Guoqing, who were members
              of the first session of the Board, ceased to serve as non-executive Directors of the Company upon the election of the second session of the
              Board at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company, they did not attend the first meeting of the second session of the Board held on
              the same day; and Ms. Hu Jing, Mr. Li Jiancun and Ms. Xie Jieping, who were appointed as non-executive Directors of the second session of
              the Board, attended the first meeting of the second session of the Board held on the same day.

     (2)      Ms. Hu Jing, Mr. Li Jiancun and Ms. Xie Jieping did not attend the 2024 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 31
              December 2024, at which their appointments were approved.

     (3)      Since Mr. Li Yunxiang has tendered his resignation as a non-executive Director of the Company due to work adjustment on 26 August 2024,
              he did not attend the Board meetings held on 29 August 2024, 27 September 2024, 31 October 2024, 15 November 2024, 6 December
              2024 and 31 December 2024, as well as the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 31 December 2024.


     During the Reporting Period, one meeting was held between the chairwoman of the Board and all of the independent
     non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.


     Chairwoman and General Manager
     Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairwoman and general manager should be separate and
     should not be performed by the same individual. Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman and general manager of the Company,
     mainly responsible for overall strategic planning and operational decision of the Group. Taking into consideration the
     Company’s current situation, the Directors believe that the roles of chairwoman and general manager in the same person
     are beneficial to ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enable the Group to formulate overall strategic planning
     more effectively and efficiently. The Directors also believe that the current arrangement will not impair the balance of duties
     and authorities and the structure will enable the Company to make decisions and implement them in a timely and effective
     manner. Under the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board functions effectively and discharges its responsibilities to discuss
     all important and appropriate issues in a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with
     members of the Board and the relevant Board committees, and the Board has three independent non-executive Directors
     to provide independent views, the Board considers that there are adequate safeguards to ensure an adequate balance of
     powers of the Board. However, the Board will review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time in light
     of prevailing circumstances to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


     Terms of appointment of non-executive Directors
     Pursuant to the Articles 96 and 106 of the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general
     meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself for
     re-election and re-appointment, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise
     provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed.
     The term of office of a Director shall commence from his accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the
     Board. Where election of Directors fails to be timely conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former Directors,
     the former Directors shall, prior to the accession of the newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in
     accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of Association.


     Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with
     the Company for a term of three years commencing from the respective appointment date.




50   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Board committees
The Board has established three Board committees, namely, the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”）, the
remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”）and the nomination committee (the “Nomination
Committee”）, to assist them in the efficient implementation of their functions and to oversee particular aspects of the
Company’s affairs. Specific responsibilities, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company, have been delegated to the above committees and the corporate
governance duties as required under the CG Code have been performed. All committees are provided with sufficient
resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in
appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.


Audit Committee
The Audit Committee was established by the Company in accordance with Rules 3.21 to 3.23 of the Listing Rules. The
terms of reference of the Audit Committee were adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to:


(i)     review the Company’s financial information and monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual
        report and accounts and half-year report and review significant financial reporting judgments contained therein
        before submission to the Board;


(ii)    manage the relationship with the external auditors, including but not limited to making recommendation to the
        Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors, review and monitor the external
        auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable
        standards, discussing with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
        the audit commences, and develop and implement a policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit
        services;


(iii)   review the Company’s financial information, monitor the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management
        and internal control procedures;


(iv)    review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance issues, including but limited to training and
        continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and the Company’s compliance with
        legal and regulatory requirements and the CG Code; and


(v)     review the Company’s environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”）management approach, policies and
        strategies.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      51
     Corporate Governance Report




     Our Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman), Mr. Wu Guangquan and Mr. Chen
     Zetong all being Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee
     held six meetings and the work performed by the Audit Committee was summarised as follows:


     (1)    reviewing the findings and recommendations from external auditors and independent internal control reviewers;


     (2)    reviewing the independence of the external auditors and engagement of external auditors;


     (3)    reviewing the audit plan, internal control plan, the development in accounting standards and their effects on the
            Group, financial statements and risk management matters;


     (4)    reviewing the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff in the Company’s accounting and
            financial reporting functions;


     (5)    reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems; and


     (6)    reviewing the ESG management guidelines, policies, targets and strategies of the Company; continuing to pay
            attention to developments such as ESG system building and team building.


     The attendance records of each committee members are set out below:


                                                                                               Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                                                   meetings


     Mr. Wang Susheng                                                                                                     6/6
     Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                     6/6
     Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                      6/6


     The Company’s annual report and annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been
     reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of opinion that the preparation of such financial information
     complied with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the Listing Rules and any other applicable legal
     requirements, and that adequate disclosures have been made.




52   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Remuneration Committee
The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
Code and the terms of reference have been adopted. The Remuneration Committee adopted the approach under code
provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code to make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of independent
Directors and senior management.


The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to:


(i)     make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior
        management of the Company, and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for developing
        remuneration policy;


(ii)    review and approve the senior management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
        and objectives;


(iii)   be delegated by the Board to determine the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management or to recommend to the Board the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management; and this should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
        compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;


(iv)    make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; and


(v)     review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
        Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024     53
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman), the Independent
     Non-executive Director, Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Executive Director and Mr. Chen Zetong, the Independent Non-executive
     Director. The Remuneration Committee shall consult the chairwoman and/or the general manager of the Company on
     proposals relating to the remuneration of other executive Directors. The remuneration of the Directors was determined with
     reference to the salaries paid by comparable companies and the experience, responsibilities, workload, time devoted to the
     Group and individual performance of the Directors, as well as the performance of the Group.


     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings and the work performed by the
     Remuneration Committee was summarised as follows: (1) reviewing the appropriateness of the remuneration policy; (2)
     evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of the Group; and (3) revising the terms of reference of
     the Remuneration Committee.


     The attendance records of each committee members are set out below:


                                                                                               Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                                                   meetings


     Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                     2/2
     Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                                                       2/2
     Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                      2/2


     Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of senior management of the Company during the
     year ended 31 December 2024 fell with the following bands. The following remuneration includes salaries, allowances,
     equity-settled share-based payments and contributions to retirement benefits schemes. Details of the remuneration
     components are set out in note 16 and note 47 to the consolidated financial statements.


     Remuneration level                                                                                  Number of persons


     RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                                           1
     RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                           1
     RMB4,000,001 to RMB4,500,000                                                                                           1
     RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                                           1
     RMB6,500,001 to RMB7,000,000                                                                                           2
     RMB10,000,001 to RMB10,500,000                                                                                         1
     RMB16,500,001 to RMB17,000,000                                                                                         1




54   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Remuneration Policy
Our executive Directors receive, in their capacity as our employees, compensation in the form of salaries and
benefits-in-kind, including our contributions to the pension scheme for our executive Directors, according to the laws of the
PRC. The aggregate amounts of remuneration (including fees, salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, discretionary bonus
and contributions to pension scheme) for our Directors and Supervisors for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2024
were approximately RMB34,420,000 and RMB24,589,000, respectively. None of our Directors waived any remuneration
during the aforesaid periods.


The information of the five highest paid individuals of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out in
note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


During the Reporting Period, no emoluments were paid by our Group to any of our Directors or the five highest paid
individuals (including Directors and employees of the Company) as an inducement to join or upon joining our Group or as
compensation for loss of office. None of our Directors has waived any emoluments during the Reporting Period.


Save as disclosed above, no other remuneration has been paid or is payable, during the Reporting Period, by our Group to
any of our directors or their representatives.


Nomination Committee
The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code.
The terms of reference have been adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to:


(i)     ensure that the Board and its committees consist of Directors with the appropriate balance of skills, diversity and
        knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties effectively;


(ii)    review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
        annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
        corporate strategy;


(iii)   develop, review and implement, as appropriate, the policy, criteria and procedures for the identification, selection
        and nomination of candidates as directors for Board approval. Such criteria include but are not limited to the
        potential contributions a candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience, independence
        and gender diversity;




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024       55
     Corporate Governance Report




     (iv)   assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


     (v)    make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and senior management
            and succession for Directors and senior management, in particular the chairman of the board and the general
            manager; and


     (vi)   draw up, review and update, as appropriate, the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives for
            implementing such Board Diversity Policy as may be adopted by the Board from time to time and to review and
            update the progress on achieving the objectives; and to make disclosures of its progress and its review results in the
            annual report of the Company annually.


     The Nomination Committee consists of three members. The Nomination Committee of the first session of the Board of
     the Company comprised Mr. Chen Zetong, the independent non-executive Director, Mr. Wu Guangquan, the independent
     non-executive Director, and Ms. Liu Jingyu, the executive Director, and its chairman was Mr. Chen Zetong, the independent
     non-executive Director. On 31 December 2024, the first meeting of the second session of the Board of the Company
     resolved that the Nomination Committee shall comprise Ms. Liu Jingyu, the executive Director, Mr. Chen Zetong, the
     independent non-executive Director, and Mr. Wu Guangquan, the independent non-executive Director, and Ms. Liu Jingyu
     shall serve as the chairwoman. During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held three meeting and the work
     performed by the Nomination Committee is summarised as follows:


     (1)    to review and confirm that the structure, size and composition of the Board and the proportions of executive
            Directors and independent non-executive Directors remain appropriate for the Board to discharge its duties;


     (2)    to review and confirm the diversity of skills, knowledge, experience and gender of the members of the Board;


     (3)    to review the Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”）; and


     (4)    to formulate the Company’s nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”）and make recommendations to the
            Board for adoption.




56   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




The attendance records of each committee member are set out below:


                                                                                             Attendance rate/Number of
                                                                                                                 meetings


Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                                                          3/3
Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                         3/3
Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                        3/3


Nomination Policy
The Nomination Committee identifies individuals with suitable qualifications to become members of the Board by
considering the proposed candidates’ skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, etc., having due regard to the Board Diversity
Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company, and evaluates the independence of the proposed independent
non-executive Directors (as the case may be). The Nomination Committee then makes recommendations to the Board. The
Board considers the candidates recommended by the Nomination Committee after due consideration of the Board Diversity
Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company. The Board will then confirm the candidate for appointment
as a director or recommend a candidate for re-election at a general meeting of the Company. According to the Articles of
Association, any person appointed by the Board as a director to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or to increase the number
of members on the Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall be eligible
for re-election at that time.


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for discharging its corporate governance responsibilities as described in the “Roles and
Responsibilities of the Board and Management” in this report. During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the
Company’s corporate governance policies and practices and compliance with the CG Code, reviewed and monitored the
continuous professional development of the Directors, and also reviewed and monitored the Company’s policies and
practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.


Joint Company Secretaries
Mr. Dai Ying and Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie are appointed as joint company secretaries of the Company and are
responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters. The primary contact person for Mr. Cheung Kai
Cheong Willie is Mr. Dai Ying.


In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Dai Ying and Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie have confirmed that
they have taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31 December 2024.


Directors and Supervisors’ Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”）as
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company by the
Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that
they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      57
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     During the Reporting Period, the Company has established appropriate and effective risk management and internal
     control systems in compliance with the paragraph D.2 of the CG Code. The Company has adopted and implemented a
     comprehensive risk management policy encompassing risks that may arise in R&D, procurement management, production
     management and sales management. Our risk management and internal control systems also cover the general functional
     operations such as human resources, financial management, asset management, warehousing and logistics management,
     information system management and corporate governance as well as decision-making processes. Meanwhile, the Board is
     committed to supervising and evaluating the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems to ensure
     that the system is rectified and effectively controlled as our business develops.


     The management of the Company, under the supervision of the Board, has implemented and maintained appropriate and
     effective risk management and internal control systems. However, the risk management and internal control systems can
     only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses. The key features of the risk
     management and internal control systems are described in the following sections:


     Risk Management System
     The Company has adopted a risk management system to manage risks related to its business and operation. The system
     includes the following stages:


     •      Risk identification: extensively and continuously collect internal and external environmental factors, stakeholders’
            needs, etc. related to enterprise risk and risk management of the Company; identify risks that may affect the
            Company’s operation and business (including ESG risks).


     •      Risk evaluation: systematically analyze the collected risk information, evaluate the impact of the risk, and determine
            the risk values and risk levels based on the risk assessment standards.


     •      Risk response and control: based on its own conditions and external environment and adhering to the development
            strategy, select appropriate basic risk management strategies and formulate risk management solutions to prevent,
            avoid or mitigate risks.


     •      Risk monitoring and improvement: continuously carry out risk monitoring, dynamically assess the rationality and
            implementation effectiveness of risk strategies and solutions, timely identify defects and make improvements, and
            continuously revise and improve risk management and control measures based on actual conditions.




58   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Internal Control System
The Company has established an internal control system which enables the Company to achieve its objectives regarding
operational effectiveness and efficiency, reliability of financial statements and compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. Internal control process is designed to monitor the Company’s operations and ensure full compliance. The
components of the internal control system framework are set out below:


•      Monitoring environment: a set of standards, procedures and frameworks has been implemented to provide the basis
       for the Company’s internal monitoring.


•      Risk evaluation: a dynamic interactive process of identifying, evaluating and analyzing risks to achieve the Company’s
       objectives and forming the basis for determining how to manage risks.


•      Monitoring activities: actions established in accordance with policies and procedures to help ensure that
       management’s instructions to mitigate risks and achieve objectives are being implemented.


•      Information and communication: regular and effective internal and external communications provide the Company
       with information needed for daily monitoring.


•      Monitoring: continuous and individual evaluations to determine the existence and effective operation of each
       component of the internal control system.


The Company has also adopted and implemented inside information policies and procedures in order to enhance the
Company’s system for handling and releasing inside information and ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and
timeliness of its public disclosures. The Company has taken certain reasonable measures from time to time to ensure its
access to potential inside information and to maintain the confidentiality of such information in order not to breach the
Company’s disclosure requirements, including:


•      Information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a notice basis. Employees who are in possession of
       inside information are fully aware of their confidentiality obligations;


•      Confidentiality agreements will be entered into when the Company conducts material negotiations;


•      Different operating units have their own reporting channels to report any potential inside information to the
       designated departments; and


•      An executive director is a designated person who speaks on behalf of the Company when communicating with
       external parties such as the media, analysts or investors and responding to external enquiries.


Based on the internal monitoring review conducted for the year ended 31 December 2024, no material internal monitoring
deficiencies were identified.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024     59
     Corporate Governance Report




     Internal Audit Function
     The Company has established a professional internal control team, which is responsible for establishing risk management
     and internal control systems. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the members of our internal control management team
     have an average of more than 10 years of relevant work experience, and hold relevant professional certificates.


     Effectiveness of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The Board is responsible for overseeing the implementation and management of the Company’s risk management and
     internal control systems and ensuring that the effectiveness of such systems is reviewed annually. The review covered all
     significant controls of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls. The Board has considered certain
     aspects in the review, including but not limited to


     (i)     changes in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks) since the last annual review, and the
             Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment;


     (ii)    the management monitors the scope and effectiveness of the risks (including ESG risks) and internal control systems
             on an ongoing basis;


     (iii)   the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board (or its committees), which helps the
             Board to assess the control and effectiveness of risk management of the issuer;


     (iv)    significant control failures occurred or weaknesses identified during the period, and the extent to which such
             failures or weaknesses have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies as well as the material impacts
             those outcomes or contingencies have had, could have had, or may in the future have, on the issuer’s financial
             performance or condition;


     (v)     the effectiveness of the Company’s procedures for financial reporting and compliance with the requirements of the
             Stock Exchange Listing Rules;


     (vi)    the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff, training programmes and budget in respect of the
             accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions of the issuer and the ESG performance and reporting of
             the Company.


     Through its review and the review by its independent audit department and the Audit Committee, the Board concluded
     that the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate. However, such systems are designed to
     manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board also considers that the resources, staff qualifications
     and experience of the relevant staffs are adequate and the training programmes and budget provided are adequate. Having
     conducted the review, the Board was of the view that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company
     were adequate and effective during the Reporting Period.




60   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Anti-corruption
The Company pursues a zero-tolerance policy towards fraudulent acts such as bribery, corruption and embezzlement. The
Company has adopted an “Employee Code of Conduct” and “Management Measures Against Fraud” that contain relevant
requirements for confidentiality, integrity, conflicts of interest and other guidelines on the code of behaviors. The Company
also provides our employees with education in respect of anti-bribery and anti-corruption through various channels such as
compliance training, and meanwhile publicizing the integrity regulations to our suppliers and entering into the “Anti-bribery
Undertaking Agreement” with suppliers.


Whistle-blowing Policies
We have put in place a whistle-blowing channel where external suppliers, employees and other relevant parties can file
complaints or report violations.


Auditor’s Emoluments
The Group’s domestic auditor RSM China (special general partnership) and international auditor RSM Hong Kong are both
independent external auditors employed by the Group. The emoluments paid and payable to the domestic and international
auditors of the Group for their services provided during the Reporting Period are set out below:


Items                                                                                                             Charges
                                                                                                                (RMB’000)




Audit services
－IFRS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                     3,694
－CAS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                        420




Non-audit services (note)                                                                                              578


Note: The non-audit services mainly include agreed upon procedures service.


Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain
diversity of our Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of our Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the
Company seeks to achieve diversity of our Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting
candidates to our Board, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and
education background, ethnicity and length of service. Our Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having
a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in
maintaining our Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract talents and to retain and motivate
employees. We have also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company,
including but not limited to our Board and the senior management levels.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      61
     Corporate Governance Report




     Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic and business development,
     sales, legal compliance and corporate investment and finance. The ages of our Directors range from 35 years old to
     62 years old, and we have both male and female representatives on the Board, which is in line with the regulations on
     gender diversity of directors in the Listing Rules. Our Nomination Committee will review and assess the composition of the
     Board and make recommendations to the Board on appointment of members of the Board. Meanwhile, our Nomination
     Committee will consider the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including without limitation, professional experience, skills,
     knowledge, education background, age, gender, cultural and ethnicity and length of service, in order to maintain an
     appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and diversity on the Board.


     The Nomination Committee has made below recommendations to the Board on the measurable objectives for the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and Nomination Policy: (1) at least one female Director is appointed; and (2)
     at least one third of the Board members are independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee will review
     the Board Diversity Policy and Diversity Profile in due course and at least once every year to ensure they are continuously
     effective from time to time and, if necessary, make any necessary changes and recommend any such changes to the
     Board for consideration and approval. The Board confirmed that the measurable objectives had been achieved at the end
     of the Reporting Period. The Nomination Committee will disclose the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy in the
     Company’s Corporate Governance Report on an annual basis.


     In addition, as of 31 December 2024, the Group had 10,534 employees, including 7,764 male employees and 2,770 female
     employees, accounting for 73.65% and 26.29%, respectively, which satisfied the requirement of employee gender diversity.
     We are aiming to achieve a more balanced gender ratio in the workforce in the future and will continue to monitor
     and evaluate the diversity policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. Our Nomination Committee is
     delegated by the Board to be responsible for compliance with relevant codes governing diversity under the CG Code. Our
     Nomination Committee will review our diversity policy on an annual basis and to ensure its continued effectiveness.


     Board Independence/Mechanism
     The Company has formulated internal policies (including but not limited to the Articles of Association, the Rules of
     Procedures of the Board and the Terms of Reference and Procedures of the Remuneration Committee) to ensure that the
     Board has access to independent views and opinions. These policies cover the Company’s procedures and criteria for the
     election and appointment of Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), the abstention mechanism for
     voting on relevant resolutions of the Board by related Directors, and the special authorities of the independent appointment
     of external audit institutions and consulting agencies by independent Directors, etc. Upon reviewing the implementation of
     the aforesaid mechanisms, the Board considers that the aforesaid mechanisms are able to effectively ensure that the Board
     is provided with independent views and opinions.




62   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Dividend Policy
The Company did not pay or declare any dividends since the Listing Date. The Company currently does not have a
predetermined dividend payout ratio. The Board may declare and our Company may pay dividend after taking into account
our results of operations, future business development strategies and other factors that may be deemed as relevant.


Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements
The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for each financial
year and ensures that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable
accounting standards. The Board also ensures that the financial statements are published in a timely manner in accordance
with statutory and/or regulatory requirements. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, confirm that they are
not aware of any material uncertainties or circumstances that may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities and opinions on the
financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 86 to 95 of this report.


Shareholders’ Rights
The Shareholders’ general meeting of the Company is the organ of authority of the Company, which consists of all
the shareholders and exercises its powers in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of
Association.


Procedures for Shareholder Request to Convene Extraordinary General Meeting
For a Shareholder request to convene an extraordinary general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in compliance
with the Articles 50, 51, 52 and 53 of the Articles of Association.


Pursuant to the Article 50 of the Articles of Association, shareholders holding more than 10% of our Company’s
shares, either individually or jointly, shall be entitled to request and demand the board to convene extraordinary general
meetings and shall make written request to the board. The board shall, in accordance with the requirements of the laws,
administrative regulations and the provisions of the Articles, reply in writing regarding the acceptance or refusal to convene
the extraordinary general meeting within ten (10) days upon receiving the request. If the board agrees to convene the
extraordinary general meeting, notice convening the meeting shall be issued within five (5) days after the board resolves
to do so. Should there be amendments to the original requests in the notice, consent has to be obtained from the relevant
shareholders. If the board does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting or does not reply in writing within
ten (10) days upon receiving the request, shareholders holding more than 10% of our Company’s shares, either individually
or jointly, shall have the right to request the Supervisory Committee in writing to convene an extraordinary general
meeting. If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall issue a notice thereof
within five (5) days of its receipt of the request, and any amendment made in the notice to the original proposals shall
be subject to the consent of the relevant shareholders. If the Supervisory Committee fails to issue a notice of the general
meeting within a specified period, it shall be deemed that the Supervisory Committee shall not convene and preside over
the general meeting, the shareholder(s) who hold 10% or more of the shares of the Company which carry rights to vote at
the proposed meeting either individually or jointly, for a consecutive period of more than 90 days may convene and preside
over the meeting on their own.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024       63
     Corporate Governance Report




     Pursuant to the Article 51 of the Articles of Association, Supervisory Committee or shareholders, if decided to convene
     general meetings on their own, shall inform the Board in writing. Prior to the publication of announcement of the
     resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meeting, holding by the convening shareholders shall not be less than 10%. The
     Supervisory Committee or the convening Shareholders shall submit relevant evidence to the stock exchange(s) on which
     the shares of the Company are listed upon the issuance of the notice of the Shareholders’ general meeting and the
     announcement of the resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meeting.


     Pursuant to the Article 52 of the Articles of Association, the Board and the secretary to the Board should cooperate with
     the Supervisory Committee or shareholders convening general meetings on their own after receiving the notice. The Board
     shall provide the register of shareholders as of the share capital registration day.


     Pursuant to the Article 53 of the Articles of Association, the Company will bear all the necessary and reasonable costs for
     the general meeting convened by the Supervisory Committee or shareholders.


     For a Shareholder request to propose new resolutions at the general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in
     compliance with the Articles 54 and 55 of the Articles of Association.


     Pursuant to the Article 54 of the Articles of Association, the contents of a proposal shall be within the scope of the duties
     and powers of the general meeting, have definite themes and specific matters for resolutions, as well as in compliance with
     the relevant requirements of the laws, administrative regulations, and the Articles of Association.


     Pursuant to the Article 55 of the Articles of Association, in relation to a general meeting convene by the Company, the
     Board, the Supervisory Committee and shareholders separately or aggregately holding more than 3% of the total number
     of voting shares of the Company are entitled to propose motions to the Company in writing. Shareholders holding more
     than 3% of our Company’s shares separately or aggregately shall have the right to put forward new proposals in writing
     to our Company and submit them to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting. The convener shall
     issue a supplementary notice of the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within 2 days
     after receipt thereof. Except as stipulated above, the convener shall not alter the motions listed in the notice of general
     meeting or add new motions after the notice of general meeting has been published. The proposals that have not been set
     out in the notice of the shareholders’ general meeting or that do not comply with Article 54 of the Articles of Association,
     shall not be voted on or resolved at the shareholders’ meeting.


     Procedures for Making Enquiries
     Shareholders shall make enquiries with the Company’s H Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited,
     regarding their shareholdings, share transfer, registration and payment of dividends as follows:




64   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Tricor Investor Services Limited
Address: 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong


E-mail: is-enquiries@ vistra.com


Tel: (852) 2980 1333


Fax: (852) 2810 8185


Shareholders may at any time submit any enquiries to the Company through the Company’s designated contact person,
correspondence address, email address and enquiry hotline:


Recipient: Office of IR of CALB GROUP CO., LTD.


Address: No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


E-mail: Ir@calb-tech.com


Tel: 86-0519-68903688-664580


Shareholders are reminded to submit their enquiries with their contact data so that the Company can respond promptly as
it deems appropriate.


Shareholders may propose a resolution at a general meeting to nominate candidates for Directors. According to the Article
96 of the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings. According to the Article
55 of the Articles of Association, shareholders who individually or collectively hold more than 3% of the Company’s total
number of voting shares shall have the rights to put forward new proposals in writing to our Company and submit them
to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting. Accordingly, if a Shareholder proposes to nominate a
candidate for election as a Director, such notice of intent and a notice signed by the nominated candidate indicating his/her
willingness to accept the appointment shall be duly lodged with the Company’s registered office for the attention of the
Company Secretary and the Board of our Company.


Further data on the procedures for Shareholders to nominate a person for election as a Director is available on the
Company’s website. In addition, the Shareholders or the Company may refer to the above procedures to put forward any
other proposals at the general meetings.


INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Board believes that transparency and timely disclosure of the Company’s information is essential to enhance investor
relations and will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions and have a better understanding
of the Company’s business performance and strategies. The Company is committed to maintaining an on-going dialogue
with shareholders, in particular through annual general meetings and other general meetings. The Chairman of the Board
and the chairmen of the Board Committees will endeavor to meet with the Shareholders at the general meetings to answer
any questions raised by the Shareholders.


                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024       65
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”）which
     aims to ensure transparent, accurate and open communication with Shareholders to ensure that Shareholders’ views and
     concerns are properly addressed and will be reviewed annually to ensure its effectiveness. Pursuant to the requirements of
     the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, Shareholders can communicate with the Company through channels such as the
     Company’s official website, new media platforms, investor relations hotlines, emails, etc., by means of general meetings,
     investor briefings, roadshows, analyst meetings, receptions, and forums.


     The Company also has a website at www.calb-tech.com , with a dedicated “Investor Relations” section containing corporate
     communications documents, listings documents, announcements, reports, company information and other documents
     published by the Company on the website of the Stock Exchange for public inspection. The Company’s website serves as a
     platform for communication with shareholders and investors.


     Shareholders and investors may also write to the Company’s principal place of business and headquarters in the PRC
     at No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province or email to Ir@calb-tech.com or call
     86-0519-68903688-664580 for enquiries. Such enquiries will be fully responded to as soon as possible.


     The Board regularly reviews the Shareholders’ Communication Policy on an annual basis to ensure its effectiveness. After
     reviewing the various measures, the Board is of the view that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy for the year ended
     31 December 2024 has been properly implemented and effective.


     Articles of Association
     There were no changes to the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.
     The Articles of Association are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange respectively.




66   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Directors’ Report

The Board of the Company is pleased to present this Directors’ Report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is a joint stock limited company incorporated in Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province under the Company Law of
the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022. The Company is a high-technology new energy
enterprise specializing in development, manufacturing, sales and market application development of lithium batteries,
battery management system and related integrated products, and lithium battery materials. As a specialist in the battery
technology, the Company is committed to building a comprehensive energy operation system to provide complete product
solutions and full life-cycle management for the all-scenario application market of new energy represented by EV batteries
and ESS products.


Details of the business of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in the financial statements. There was no material change
in the nature of the Company’s principal activities for the year ended 31 December 2024. For further discussion and analysis
on principal activities, please refer to the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the Group’s results for the year, a discussion and analysis of key factors related to its financial position and the
prospects of the Group’s business are set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report,
respectively.


RESULTS
The operating results of the Group for the reporting period are set out in the “Financial Review” section of this annual
report.


RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
•         Market risk
          With rapid development of lithium batteries industry, market competition is getting increasingly intense. The
          Company must consistently uphold its competitiveness by focusing on market share, technological innovation and
          cost control to respond to the intense market competition.


          The Company has responded to challenges from market changes in an active manner to ensure that its products
          have an edge in application fields, by continuously making technological innovations and playing a leading role
          in dimensions including advanced materials, advanced manufacturing technologies, high performance batteries
          and system technologies, new batteries, and battery full life cycle management; the Company tightened cost
          control through technological innovation, optimization of production and operation management, supply chain
          management, etc.; at the same time, the Company actively expanded overseas markets, accelerated overseas
          industrial layout, actively expanded market business in the field of energy storage and pay close attention to
          emerging market dynamics.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024       67
     Directors’ Report




     •      International operation risk
            The Company actively expanded overseas markets, established subsidiaries and built new factories overseas. In
            the event of geopolitical conflicts, the implementation of policies such as increased tariffs or non-tariff barriers, or
            the Company’s failure to identify overseas local laws and regulations and operational risks, the Company’s local
            operations may be adversely affected. Establishment of overseas base necessitates a prolonged period, which may
            result in the Company missing the market capacity peak. In addition, the threshold for assessing international market
            continues to improve, presenting more challenges to the Company’s global operations.


            In order to reduce the risk of international operation, the Company will continue to improve the operation and
            management level of overseas business, identify possible risks in overseas business, formulate risk response
            strategies, and formulate relevant management standards and policies in line with local laws, regulations and
            customs. Meanwhile, the Company should keep accurately informed of the timeframe for the issuance of overseas
            policies related to new energy, and accordingly align supply with demand in advance by proactively engaging with
            clients in respect of their vehicle models mass-produced or to be mass-produced in order to fully explore potential
            market demands from international customers.


     •      Risks to Technology and Research and Development
            As a technology-intensive and talent-intensive industry, the technological upgrading of EV battery and energy
            storage battery industry is fast, while safety, stability and advancement are also highly required in EV battery and
            energy storage battery market. For these reasons, only with continued investment in technological research and
            development can we continuously adapt to the changing market situations. Next-generation batteries of new energy
            vehicle, such as all-solid-state lithium batteries, are still in the stage of basic and application research and have a
            long way to go before accomplishing technology maturity and commercialization. However, once such batteries are
            successfully commercialized, they will have influence on the industry.


            Thanks to its long-term technologies accumulation and talent development, the Company has a technology patent
            R&D team which plays a leading role in the industry, and puts in place the mechanism to respond to market needs
            rapidly; furthermore, the Company continues to increase expenditure on the research and development of the
            next-generation technologies such as all-solid-state batteries, to maintain the leading role; at the same time, the
            Company maintains long-term cooperation with universities, colleges, scientific research institutions, and players in
            the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain to accelerate the process of technological breakthrough and
            commercialization.




68   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




FINANCIAL REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the key factors relating to reviewing the financial position of the Group during the year is set
out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the total share capital of the Company. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the total share capital of the Company was 1,772,301,858 shares. Reference is made to the announcement of
the Company dated 27 March 2024 in relation to the completion of the H Share “Full Circulation” by the Company.
345,822,805 domestic shares of the Company were converted into H Shares on 27 March 2024 and listed on the Stock
Exchange on 28 March 2024. Upon the completion of the H Share “Full Circulation”, H Shares of the Company increased
by 345,822,805 shares and domestic shares decreased by 345,822,805 shares. The total number of issued shares of the
Company remained unchanged after the conversion. Details are as follows:


                                                     Immediately before completion            Upon completion of the
                                                     of the Conversion and Listing          Conversion and the Listing
                                                                           Percentage                          Percentage
                                                                          of the total                        of the total
                                                                           number of                            number of
                                                                                issued                              issued
                                                         Number of           shares of       Number of           shares of
 Type of Shares                                              Shares     the Company               Shares    the Company


 Domestic Shares                                     1,506,456,558             85.00%     1,160,633,753            65.49%
 H Shares                                              265,845,300             15.00%       611,668,105            34.51%


 Total                                               1,772,301,858               100%     1,772,301,858              100%


For details of the H Share “Full Circulation”, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company dated 29 January
2024, 8 March 2024, 14 March 2024 and 27 March 2024. Movements in the share capital of the Company during the year
are set out in note 40 to the consolidated financial statements.


SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINAL DIVIDENDS
The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      69
     Directors’ Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is not exposed to any significant environmental risks. During the Reporting Period, it is to the knowledge of
     Directors that the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group
     in all material respects.


     Further details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company are set out in the “2024 Environmental,
     Social and Governance Report” which is to be published on the same day with this report.


     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE
     The Group may be involved in various legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations in the ordinary course of business
     from time to time. Save as disclosed in this report and during the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any
     legal proceedings, arbitration or litigation which, in our opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the ordinary
     business, financial condition or results of operations and, to our knowledge, there is no risk of any such legal proceedings,
     arbitrations or administrative litigations.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”）on 6 October 2022 (the “Listing Date”）, with the total net proceeds from the listing, after deducting the
     underwriting fees, commissions, and estimated expenses, amounting to approximately HK$9,980.10 million. In accordance
     with the plans for use of proceeds disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus
     of the Company dated 23 September 2022 (the “Prospectus”）, approximately 80% of the net proceeds were used to
     fund part of the expenditure for the construction of new production facilities of the Company in Chengdu Phase I Project,
     Wuhan Phase II Project, Hefei Phase I and II Project, Guangdong Jiangmen Phase I Project and Sichuan Meishan Project,
     totalling 95GWh of EV batteries and energy storage system production lines; approximately 10% of the net proceeds
     were used for advanced technology research and development; and approximately 10% of the net proceeds were used for
     working capital and general corporate purposes.


     As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 6 December 2024 (the “Announcement”）, as of 31 October
     2024, the balance of unutilized net proceeds was HK$529.96 million. After taking into account the changes in market
     demand, making adjustments to the structure of production capacity, and improving the utilization efficiency of the
     proceeds, and as considered and approved by the Board and shareholders at the general meeting, the net proceeds of
     HK$529.96 million originally allocated for the construction of production lines for the Sichuan Meishan Project was changed
     to replenish working capital. As of 31 December 2024, the net proceeds have been fully utilized. Details are set out in the
     table below:




70   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                        Directors’ Report




                                                   Percentage of                      Amount used
                                                    expected use     Net proceeds       for the ten    Net amount            Revised      Net amount
                                                   of proceeds as         from the    months ended       unutilized     allocation of   unutilized as at
                                                     disclosed in listing available     31 October         as at 31   unutilized net     31 December
Item                                               the Prospectus          for use            2024    October 2024         proceeds              2024
                                                             (%) (in HK$ million) (in HK$ million) (in HK$ million) (in HK$ million)    (in HK$ million)


To fund part of the expenditure for the
  construction of new production facilities of
  the Company in Chengdu Phase I Project,
  Wuhan Phase II Project, Hefei Phase I and
  II Project, Guangdong Jiangmen Phase I
  Project and Sichuan Meishan Project, totalling
  95GWh of EV batteries and energy storage
  system production lines                                    80.0         7,984.08          307.13          529.96                 –                 –
For advanced technology research and
  development                                                10.0           998.01               –                –                –                 –
For working capital and general corporate
  purposes                                                   10.0           998.01               –                –           529.96                 –


Total                                                      100.0          9,980.10          307.13          529.96            529.96                 –


Save as disclosed above, the Group has not utilized any other listing proceeds during the Reporting Period. The net
proceeds have been fully utilized in accordance with the intended use as set out in the Prospectus and the Announcement.


RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as of 31 December 2024 are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 42 to the financial statements, respectively.


The Group’s reserves available for distribution as at 31 December 2024, calculated in accordance with the applicable laws
of the PRC, the place of incorporation of the Company, amounted to approximately RMB1,266,350,000.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note
19 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024           71
     Directors’ Report




     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The percentages of sales amount and purchase amount of the Group’s major customers and suppliers for the year ended 31
     December 2024 are as follows:


     Sales amount

     – The largest customer                                           13.1%
     – Total of the five largest customers                            55.4%


     Purchase amount

     – The largest supplier                                           11.5%
     – Total of the five largest suppliers                            40.1%


     Among the five largest suppliers of the Group, except for China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電
     (洛陽)有限公司) (“Luoyang Company”) which is a connected person of the Company (for more details, refer to the section
     headed “Directors’ Report - Continuing Connected Transactions”), the Directors of the Company, their close associates or
     any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) do
     not have any interest in any of the other abovementioned major suppliers or customers.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     The Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreement in 2024 and no such agreement existed at the end of 2024.


     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
     The Company maintained appropriate liability insurance for Directors and officers of the Company and such permitted
     indemnity provision for the benefit of Directors is still in force and continued to be in force for the year ended 31 December
     2024. Apart from this, the Company had no other valid permitted indemnity provisions during the Reporting Period and at
     the time of approval as at the date of this annual report.


     ISSUED DEBENTURE
     In order to further broaden the financing channels and optimize the debt financing structure, the Company convened the Board
     meeting and the second extraordinary general meeting of 2024 on 6 December 2024 and 31 December 2024, respectively,
     at which the “Resolution on Application for Registration and Issuance of Debt Financing Instruments” was considered and
     approved. The Company intends to apply for registration and issuance of debt financing instruments of not more than RMB5
     billion (inclusive) with the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (the “NAFMII”), which will be issued
     in batches within the validity period of the regulatory approvals or registrations for the relevant debt financing instruments. The
     maximum term of the debt financing instruments shall not exceed 5 years, and the specific term of issuance will be determined
     in accordance with the Company’s capital requirements and market conditions. The Company will disclose the progress of
     the issuance of the medium-term notes in a timely manner in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. Details of
     which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 6 December 2024 and the circular of the Company dated 31
     December 2024.


     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue corporate bonds.

72   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




DONATION
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group made charitable and other donations totalling RMB125,000.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed for the year ended 31 December 2024.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report are:


Executive Directors
Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman and General Manager)
Mr. Dai Ying


Non-executive Directors
Ms. Hu Jing (appointed on 31 December 2024)
Mr. Li Jiancun (appointed on 31 December 2024)
Ms. Xie Jieping (appointed on 31 December 2024)
Mr. Zhou Sheng (1) (retired on 31 December 2024)
Mr. Zhang Guoqing (1) (retired on 31 December 2024)
Mr. Li Yunxiang (2) (resigned on 26 August 2024)


Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Wu Guangquan
Mr. Wang Susheng
Mr. Chen Zetong


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
Each of the independent non-executive Directors has provided a written confirmation to confirm his independence from
the Company under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Upon assessment, the Company considers each of the
independent non-executive Directors to be independent.




(1)    Mr. Zhou Sheng and Mr. Zhang Guoqing ceased to be non-executive Directors upon the election of the second session of the Board at the
       extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

(2)    Mr. Li Yunxiang resigned as a non-executive Director due to work adjustment.

                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         73
     Directors’ Report




     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     All of the executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and Supervisors of the Company have entered into
     service contracts or letters of appointment with the Company, respectively. The term of office of each Director is thereafter
     renewed annually by mutual consent, unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ prior
     written notice. In accordance with Articles 96 and 106 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors shall
     be elected or replaced at the general meetings, with a term of three years. Upon expiry of the term of office, the Directors
     may be re-elected, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed six years (unless the term of office of
     an independent Director is otherwise provided for by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the exchange where
     the Company’s shares are listed).


     None of the Directors or Supervisors who are to be re-elected at the annual general meeting has entered into any service
     contract with the Group which may not be terminated by the Group within a year without payment of any compensation
     (other than statutory compensation).


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     None of the Directors, the Directors of the Company’s subsidiaries or their respective associates has an interest in any
     business which competes or is likely to compete (whether directly or indirectly) with the business of the Company and
     its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2024 (except for directors and/or directors of their subsidiaries and their
     respective associates).


     ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party to any
     arrangement enabling the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of equity or debt securities, including
     the debentures of the Company or any other body corporate during the year ended 31 December 2024.


     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the Group’s continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


     I.     Sales Framework Agreement
            On 4 January 2024, Luoyang Company entered into a sales framework agreement with the Company (the “Sales
            Framework Agreement”）, under which the Group will sell lithium batteries components and related products
            (including raw materials, work in progress and finished goods) to Luoyang Company and its associates for a term
            from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024, which has been renewed on the Board meeting held on 15 November
            2024. The prices of lithium batteries and related products sold by the Group to Luoyang Company and its associates
            are determined primarily by arm’s length negotiations with reference to market prices and sales prices of similar
            products offered by the Group to other independent third-party customers, taking into account the costs plus a
            reasonable profit margin. As of the date of the Sales Framework Agreement, Jintan Holding directly and indirectly
            held approximately 26.02% issued Shares of the Company and is one of the substantial shareholders of the
            Company. Luoyang Company is directly owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and Jincheng Technology is
            wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a substantial shareholder of the Company, and hence Luoyang Company is an
            associate of Jintan Holding and a connected person of the Company. Therefore, the transactions with Luoyang
            Company constitute continuing connected transactions.


74   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




      The Directors are of the view that the transactions under the Sales Framework Agreement are to the benefit of our
      Company, because Luoyang Company and its associates have a thorough understanding of our product category,
      product quality and cooperation model, and therefore it is cost-effective to continue cooperation, which is mutually
      beneficial for both parties.


      The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB1,400
      million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2024 was approximately RMB1,263.54
      million.


II.   Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement
      On 4 January 2024, Luoyang Company entered into an entrusted processing framework agreement with the
      Company (the “Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”）, pursuant to which the Company agrees
      to entrust Luoyang Company and Luoyang Company agrees to provide processing services of lithium batteries
      for the Company for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024,
      which has been renewed on the extraordinary general meeting held on 31 December 2024. Luoyang Company
      will be responsible for the raw materials, front line workers and technicians whose licences and qualifications
      are recognized by us and completing the production and processing. The prices for lithium batteries processing
      services it provided are determined with reference to the cost of processing and producing lithium batteries and
      the prevailing market price of processing services in the same or proximity areas charged by independent third
      parties. The Group and Luoyang Company will also enter into a specific entrusted processing agreement in respect
      of the detailed terms of the processing services. As of the date of entering into the Entrusted Processing Framework
      Agreement, Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 26.02% issued Shares of the Company and is
      one of the substantial shareholders of the Company. Luoyang Company is directly owned as to 51% by Jincheng
      Technology and Jincheng Technology is wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a substantial shareholder of the Company,
      and hence Luoyang Company is an associate of Jintan Holding and a connected person of the Company. Therefore,
      the transactions with Luoyang Company constitute continuing connected transactions.


      The Directors are of the view that the transactions under the Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement are to the
      benefit of the Company, because (1) Luoyang Company has established mature and stable production lines which
      allow it to serve the Company’s existing customers nearby, and it is more cost-effective for the Company to use
      Luoyang Company’s existing production capacity than to build new production lines, which can ensure the stability
      of relevant product models and the continuity of orders so as to meet customer needs; (2) Luoyang Company as
      well as the shareholders of Luoyang Company have entered into a non-competition undertaking in favour of each
      member of the Group that Luoyang Company will not engage in the manufacturing, research and development
      and sales of lithium batteries, unless the Company’s demands for entrusted processing services for lithium batteries
      have been satisfied and an express consent has been obtained from the Company. Such undertaking can effectively
      avoid potential competition from Luoyang Company; and (3) it is not easy to find an alternative for the provision
      of lithium battery processing services in the market with similar quality, pricing, capacity, as well as similar levels of
      trust and understanding.


      The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB3,000
      million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2024 was approximately RMB2,858.91
      million.



                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024       75
     Directors’ Report




     III.   The General Contracting Agreements for Construction Projects
            On 15 December 2020, 30 September 2021, 29 April 2021 and 27 August 2021, the members of the Group, as
            the developer and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction Engineering Co., Ltd.* (江蘇城東建設工程有限公司) (“Jiangsu
            Chengdong Construction”) as the contractor, entered into certain general contracting agreements, respectively,
            for construction projects including the industrial park of the Company, the laboratory building of Jiangsu Research
            Institute, the newly established EV batteries project of the Company and the production and living facilities of the
            newly established EV batteries project of the Company for a term ranging from 521 days to 720 days, pursuant to
            which, Jiangsu Chengdong Construction will provide the general contracting services for design, procurement, and
            construction for certain industrial parks or buildings of the Group. Jiangsu Chengdong Construction is a company
            owned as to approximately 54.18% by Changzhou Zhongcheng Industrial Co., Ltd.*（常州眾成實業發展有限公
            司）, which is wholly owned by Jintan Holding, being a substantial shareholder. Therefore, Jiangsu Chengdong
            Construction is an associate of Jintan Holding and a connected person of our Company and the transactions with
            Jiangsu Chengdong Construction constitute continuing connected transactions. These agreements have been
            classified as aggregated under the Listing Rules.


            The amount charged by Jiangsu Chengdong Construction under the General Contracting Agreements for
            Construction Projects is determined through bidding procedure with reference to the prices charged by independent
            third parties in the area or nearby areas where similar engineering and construction services are provided in the
            ordinary and usual course business at the relevant time.


            The Directors believe that general contracting services provided by Jiangsu Chengdong Construction in respect
            of design, procurement and construction to certain industrial parks or buildings of the Group are in line with our
            strategy and expansion plan, and lay a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Group, which will
            have a positive impact on the current and future performance of the Group.


            In addition, the Board agreed on 15 November 2024 to enter into the Supplemental Agreement to the 2024-2026
            Engineering Construction Framework Agreement between the Company and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction to
            revise the annual caps under the 2024-2026 Engineering Construction Framework Agreement, for the purpose of
            early completion, acceptance and settlement of the above construction projects between the Group and Jiangsu
            Chengdong Construction and allowing these projects to yield benefits earlier, thereby improving the Company’s
            market share and competitiveness. Save for the revision of the annual caps, the other principal terms of the
            2024-2026 Engineering Construction Framework Agreement remain unchanged.


            The annual cap for above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB400
            million. The actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2024 was approximately RMB383.34 million.


     Confirmation of Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the abovementioned
     continuing connected transactions and, after taking into consideration of factors such as market environment, transaction
     amounts and corporate governance, confirmed that they were entered into by the Group: (i) in the ordinary course of
     business; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on
     terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.




76   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




Confirmation of Auditor
The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The auditor has issued a letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the abovementioned
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, and concluded that:


(i)     nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the abovementioned continuing
        connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


(ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
        causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
        policies of the Group;


(iii)   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not carried out, in
        all material respects, in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and


(iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
        attention that causes the auditor to believe that the amounts have exceeded the related annual caps for the year
        ended 31 December 2024.


A copy of the auditor’s letter on the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024
has been provided to the Company.


The related party transactions set out in Note 47 to the consolidated financial statements do not constitute non-exempt
connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules, except that the transactions entered into between the Group and their connected persons constitute continuing
connected transactions as disclosed above, and the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.


Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which
are required to be disclosed by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 in accordance with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
which a Director, a Supervisor or any entity in connection with any Director or Supervisor had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2024.


CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
There is no Shareholder of the Company holding more than 30% of the voting rights of the Company.



                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024       77
     Directors’ Report




     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     Company’s listed securities (including sale or transfer of treasury shares). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
     Company did not hold treasury shares.


     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     As at 31 December 2024, the total number of employees of the Group was 10,534. Staff costs (including Directors’
     remuneration) of the Group for the year of 2024 amounted to approximately RMB1,685,143,000, and the total
     remuneration of the Group’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management in 2024 amounted to approximately
     RMB57,829,000. The staff costs include basic remuneration, bonuses and employee benefits.


     The Company has established and continuously improved the remuneration and benefit management system, optimized
     the salary structure, and actively built a remuneration and benefit system of “determining salary based on position
     and determining bonus based on contribution” with both external competitiveness and internal fairness. The Company
     establishes a systematic training mechanism, builds a fair and transparent promotion and development platform for
     employees, comprehensively evaluates and analyzes employees’ potential for promotion, competency, performance
     and values, and analyzes employees’ comprehensive capabilities and potentials. The Company has established a salary
     adjustment system that is externally competitive, internally fair, and individually balanced to maximize the potential
     of the team and individuals. The Company promotes the optimization of tiered and categorized incentive systems and
     performance-oriented incentive schemes, comprehensively evaluates the degree of achieving its corporate-level and all
     systematic operational targets and then distributes the bonuses according to the employees’ performance contributions.
     The Company continues to optimize and promote the talent incentive plan, and establishes a hierarchical and classified
     incentive system for different employee categories to stimulate and motivate their enthusiasm, further enhancing their sense
     of belonging, accomplishment and honor. In line with the philosophy of caring for and respecting people, the Company
     stimulates and mobilizes employees’ enthusiasm through a combination of material and spiritual incentives, allowing
     employees to showcase their talents in an open and equal environment, fully unleashing their potential and maximizing
     their enthusiasm.


     EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Details of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management are set out in note 16 and note 47 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     FIVE HIGHEST-PAID EMPLOYEES
     Details of the five highest-paid individuals are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.




78   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                       Directors’ Report




NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
The non-competition agreement dated 2 March 2022 was entered into by each member of Jintan Group in favor of the
Company (for the Company and as trustee for each of its subsidiaries), as further described under the section headed
“Relationship with Jintan Group – Non-Competition Agreement” in the Prospectus.


The Company has received an annual declaration in writing from each member of Jintan Group confirming that it had
complied with the non-competition undertakings provided to the Company under the non-competition agreement. The
independent non-executive Directors reviewed the status of compliance and enforcement of the non-competition agreement
and confirmed that all the undertakings thereunder have been complied with for the year ended 31 December 2024.


RELATIONS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The success of the Group relies on the support of important relations such as employees, suppliers and customers. The
Company maintains a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers in order to ensure smooth business
operation.


Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2024, the long positions and short positions in Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our Company
or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of
our Company have or are taken or deemed to have (a) which shall be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in
the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to the Supervisors)
are as follows:


                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                                 shareholdings        Percentage of
Name of Directors,                                                                                in respective       shareholdings
Supervisors or chief                          Nature of           Class of     Number of         class of share          in the total
executive                     Position         interests           shares    shares held   (1)
                                                                                                      capital   (2)
                                                                                                                      share capital(3)


Liu Jingyu             Executive Director Beneficial owner Domestic Shares      2,002,265               0.17%                  0.11%
Dai Ying               Executive Director Beneficial owner Domestic Shares      1,196,820               0.10%                  0.07%




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024           79
     Directors’ Report




     Notes:

     (1)      All interests above represent long positions.

     (2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2024 (i.e.
              1,160,633,753 Domestic Shares and 611,668,105 H Shares).

     (3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as
              at 31 December 2024.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of our Company
     had or was taken or deemed to have the long positions and short positions in Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of
     our Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (a) which shall be notified to us and
     the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section
     352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if
     they applied to the Supervisors).




80   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




Interests and Short Positions of Major Shareholders and Other Persons in the
Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
As at 31 December 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors, Supervisors
or the chief executive of the Company) had the interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which shall
be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required to
be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                                              Shareholdings in     Percentage of
                                                                                                                                    respective     shareholdings
                                                                                                 Class of      Number of         class of share       in the total
Name of Shareholder                                  Nature of interests                          shares     shares held(1)           capital(2)   share capital(3)


Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.     Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   172,255,431(L)           14.84%(L)           9.72%(L)
 （“Jinsha Investment”） (7)
                                                     Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares     8,642,400(L)            0.74%(L)           0.49%(L)
                                                     Beneficial owner                            H Shares    79,874,850(L)           13.06%(L)           4.51%(L)
Changzhou Huake Engineering Construction Co., Ltd.   Beneficial owner                            H Shares    55,897,277(L)            9.14%(L)           3.15%(L)
 （“Huake Engineering”）(7)




                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024             81
     Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                        Shareholdings in        Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                              respective        shareholdings
                                                                                                                        Class of      Number of            class of share          in the total
     Name of Shareholder                                                    Nature of interests                          shares     shares held   (1)
                                                                                                                                                                capital   (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                share capital(3)


     Changzhou Huake Technology Investment Co., Ltd.                        Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    77,785,163(L)               6.70%(L)              4.39%(L)
      （“Huake Investment”）       (7)


     Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd. Interest in controlled corporation      Domestic Shares   120,546,199(L)              10.39%(L)              6.80%(L)
      （“Jintan Hualuogeng”）       (4) & (7)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    55,897,277(L)               9.14%(L)              3.15%(L)
     Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.                            Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   301,444,030(L)              25.97%(L)             17.01%(L)
      （“Jintan Holding”）(5) & (6) & (7)                                     Others                               Domestic Shares    24,000,000(L)               2.07%(L)              1.35%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares   135,772,127(L)              22.20%(L)              7.66%(L)
     Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd.   (8)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)               8.56%(L)              5.60%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    42,559,842(L)               6.96%(L)              2.40%(L)
     Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership                     Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)               8.56%(L)              5.60%(L)
       (Limited Partnership)（“Lihang Jinzhi”）(8)                            Beneficial owner                            H Shares    42,559,842(L)               6.96%(L)              2.40%(L)
     Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.,                                Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    26,306,305(L)               2.27%(L)              1.48%(L)
      （“Xiamen Industrial Investment”）(9)                                   Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)               8.56%(L)              5.60%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    42,559,842(L)               6.96%(L)              2.40%(L)
                                                                            Beneficial owner                            H Shares    11,274,130(L)               1.84%(L)              0.64%(L)
     Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.（“Jinyuan Investment”）  (9)
                                                                            Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    26,306,305(L)               2.27%(L)              1.48%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   149,612,604(L)              12.89%(L)              8.44%(L)
                                                                            Beneficial owner                            H Shares    11,274,130(L)               1.84%(L)              0.64%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    66,616,541(L)              10.89%(L)              3.76%(L)
     Sichuan Chengfei Jicheng Technology Co., Ltd.                          Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   105,802,107(L)               9.12%(L)              5.97%(L)
      （“Chengfei Jicheng”）(10)                                              Beneficial owner                            H Shares    45,343,760(L)               7.41%(L)              2.56%(L)
     Aviation Industry Corporation of China Limited（“AVIC”）  (10)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   163,970,995(L)              14.13%(L)              9.25%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    45,343,760(L)               7.41%(L)              2.56%(L)
     Guangdong Guangqi Ruidian Equity Investment Partnership                Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    63,912,844(L)               5.51%(L)              3.61%(L)
       Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
     Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (11)                                 Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    46,764,100(L)               7.65%(L)              2.64%(L)
     HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd., representing HUAAN-XJ8-QDII,          Others                                      H Shares    40,735,300(L)               6.66%(L)              2.30%(L)
       HUAAN-XJ10-QDII and HUAAN-XJ12-QDII         (11)


     Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.(12)                                        Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares    31,931,800(L)               5.22%(L)              1.80%(L)
                                                                            Interest in controlled corporation          H Shares     5,486,200(S)               0.90%(S)              0.31%(S)




82   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report




Notes:

(1)       (L), (S) and (P) represent long position, short position and lending pool respectively.

(2)       The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2024 (i.e.
          1,160,633,753 Domestic Shares and 611,668,105 H Shares).

(3)       The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2024 (i.e.
          1,772,301,858 shares).

(4)       Each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Hualuogeng. Jintan Hualuogeng is deemed to be interested in
          the Shares held by each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(5)       Jinsha Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Jintan Hualuogeng is owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding. Jintan Holding is deemed to
          be interested in the Shares held by each of Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(6)       The investment by Jintan International in our Company was made in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding and Jintan
          International exercises its voting rights in our Company in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding.

(7)       Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International, Changzhou Changjin New Energy Partnership (Limited
          Partnership), Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding are a group of largest Shareholders and directly or indirectly control an aggregate of
          approximately 26.02% of our Company’s voting rights.

(8)      Lihang Jinzhi is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC with Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd.*
         （廈門鋰航股權投資管理有限公司）being its general partner and Xiamen Industrial Investment being its limited partner. According to the
         partnership agreement of Lihang Jinzhi which provides, among other things, that the investment decision committee of Lihang Jinzhi
         shall comprise three members, of which Xiamen Industrial Investment shall be entitled to nominate two members, and Xiamen Industrial
         Investment exercises de facto control of Lihang Jinzhi. As such, Xiamen Industrial Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
         by Lihang Jinzhi under the SFO. Xiamen Industrial Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore
         Xiamen Industrial Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 10.13% of our Company’s voting rights.

(9)       Xiamen Industrial Investment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jinyuan Investment and as such Jinyuan Investment is deemed to be interested
          in all the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi and Xiamen Industrial Investment under the SFO. Moreover, each of Xiamen Jinli No. 2 and Jinli
          Investment owns approximately 1.35% and 0.72% interests in our Company respectively. Xiamen Jinli No. 2 is a limited partnership with
          Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) being its general partner. Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity
          Investment Co., Ltd.* is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. Jinli Investment is a limited partnership with Jinyuan Capital Management
          (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* being its general partner. Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (金圓資本管理（廈門）有限公司) is ultimately
          controlled by Jinyuan Investment. As such, Jinyuan Investment is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of Xiamen Jinli No.
          2 and Jinli Investment under the SFO. Jinyuan Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore Jinyuan
          Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 14.32% of our Company’s voting rights.

(10)      Chengfei Jicheng is a joint stock limited company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002190) and
          ultimately controlled by AVIC. As such, AVIC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Chengfei Jicheng under the SFO. Moreover,
          each of Aviation Industry Integration Fund, Missile Academy, Aviation Investment and Hongdu Airline owns approximately 0.68%, 0.55%,
          0.09% and 0.08% interests in our Company respectively, and each of the above companies and partnerships is ultimately controlled by AVIC,
          which is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by such companies and partnerships under the SFO. Therefore, AVIC indirectly
          controls an aggregate of approximately 9.93% of our Company’s voting rights.

(11)      HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd. is the asset manager of (1) HUAAN-XJ8-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN, (2)
          HUAAN-XJ10-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and (3) HUAAN-XJ12-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and is deemed to be
          interested in the Shares held by abovementioned three assets management plans under the SFO. Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. held 51%
          of the equity interest in HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd. and is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by HuaAn Fund Management
          Co., Ltd. under the SFO.

(12)      Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. held 100% interests in Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited. Huatai International Financial
          Holdings Company Limited held 100% interests in Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited and Huatai Capital Investment Limited.
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited held 7,043,100 H Shares in long position. Huatai Capital Investment Limited held 24,888,700
          H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position. Therefore, Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited is
          deemed to be interested in 31,931,800 H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position and Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. is
          deemed to be interested in 31,931,800 H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position under the SFO.




                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024           83
     Directors’ Report




     Pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, shareholders are required to submit disclosure of interest forms if certain conditions are
     fulfilled. In the event of a change in a shareholder’s shareholding in the Company, it is not necessary for the shareholder
     to notify the Company and the Stock Exchange unless certain conditions have been fulfilled, so the shareholder’s latest
     shareholding in the Company may differ from the shareholding submitted to the Stock Exchange.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
     which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions under the Articles of Association and the laws of the PRC which oblige the Company to offer
     pre-emptive rights of new shares to existing shareholders based on their shareholding proportion.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
     The Group is not aware of any tax relief and exemption to the holders of any securities of the Company as a result of their
     holding of such securities.


     PENSION SCHEME
     The employees of the subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to participate in a central pension scheme managed by
     the local municipal government in Mainland China. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a prescribed percentage of
     the relevant part of the payroll of these employees to the central pension scheme. The Group has no obligation for the
     payment of retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they
     become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme. No forfeited contributions are available to
     reduce the contribution payable by the Group in the future years.


     RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed in this report, at any time during the Reporting Period, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding
     companies or any subsidiaries of the Company’s holding companies had not entered into any arrangement which would
     empower the Directors or Supervisors to acquire benefits by acquiring shares in or debentures of the Company or any other
     corporate body, and no Directors or Supervisors or any of their spouses or minor children had been granted any rights to
     subscribe for equity interests in or debt securities of the Company or any other corporate body, nor had they exercised any
     such rights.


     At the beginning of the Reporting Period, there were no incentive share outstanding or not vested with any of the
     Directors, the five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period and other employees as beneficiaries. During the
     Reporting Period, there were no incentive share granted to any of the Directors, the five highest paid individuals and the
     other employees. At the end of the Reporting Period, there were no incentive share outstanding or not vested with any of
     the Directors, the five highest paid individuals or other employees as beneficiaries.


     During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company did not issue shares pursuant to any Equity Incentive Scheme.




84   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




PUBLIC FLOAT
The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rule 8.08(1)(a) of
the Listing Rules, provided that the minimum public float of the Company shall be the higher of: (1) approximately 13.08%
of the total issued share capital of the Company; (2) the percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately following
the completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. Based on the information publicly
available to the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors
confirm that the Company has maintained the aforementioned minimum public float as required by the Stock Exchange
during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On 7 March 2025, the Company has been officially included in the stock list under the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
program, and such an adjustment came into effect from 10 March 2025. As of the date of this annual report, shares of
the Company have been included in the Hong Kong Stock Connect list under the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect and
the Hong Kong Stock Connect list under the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, which would broaden the Company’s
investment base and enhance the liquidity and trading activity of the Company’s shares.


In addition to the subsequent events disclosed in the note 48 to the consolidated financial statements of this report, after
due and careful consideration, our Directors confirm that, there has not been any material adverse change in financial or
trading position or prospects of the Company since 31 December 2024, and there has been no event since 31 December
2024 and up to the date of this report which would materially affect the information set out in the Independent Auditor’s
Report.


AUDITOR
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s domestic auditors were performed by RSM China (special general
partnership), and the international auditors were performed by RSM Hong Kong. The financial statements set out in this
annual report have been audited by RSM Hong Kong. There has been no change in auditor of the Group since the Listing
Date.




For and on behalf of the Board
CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
Liu Jingyu
Chairwoman, executive Director and General Manager


Changzhou, the PRC
26 March 2025




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024      85
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     (A joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability)


     Opinion
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CALB Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
     (the “Group”) set out on pages 96 to 216, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
     December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
     then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
     Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
     then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the
     “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
     in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
     we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
     obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
     opinion on these matters. The key audit matters we identified are:


     1.     Assessment of the Group’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern


     2.     Revenue Recognition


     3.     Assessment of Provisions and Disclosure for Litigation Claims


     4.     Valuation of Allowance for Inventories


     5.     Government Grants


86   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Assessment of the Group’s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern


Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.       Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s ability to
                                                                continue as a going concern included the following:
As at 31 December 2024 the Group had net current
liabilities of approximately RMB9,979 million and total         •      Assessing and challenging the reasonableness
bank borrowings of approximately RMB46,116 million,                    of the key assumptions used by management in
with approximately RMB18,960 million due within                        the cashflow forecast (including sales volumes,
one year. The Group also had capital commitments of                    average unit selling price, gross profit margin and
approximately RMB14,620 million which are mostly                       availability of banking facilities) by comparing them
expected to be fulfilled within the next 18 months.                    to historical production data, market trends for
                                                                       EV battery and ESS product prices and operational
While management forecasts revenue growth and margin                   plans;
improvement in coming year, the Group’s ability to
meet its obligations depends on successfully increasing         •      Comparing the prior year’s cash flow forecast
production capacity, reliably anticipating market demands,             prepared in the prior year with current year’s
securing additional long-term financing for capital                    performance of the Group to assess the accuracy of
expenditures, successfully rollover short-term borrowing               the prior year’s cash flow forecast, and discussing
facilities and maintaining compliance with financial                   with management the reasons for any significant
covenants of loans.                                                    variations identified;


The directors of the Company have reviewed a                    •      Assessing the availability of banking facilities
comprehensive cashflow forecast for a period of not less               during the Forecast Period by inspecting relevant
than twelve months from 31 December 2024 (“Forecast                    underlying documents, which included banking
Period”) in which certain key assumptions are applied by               facility agreements signed before and after the
management for going concern assessment. These key                     reporting period end, and evaluating whether the
assumptions included forecasts sales volumes, average                  facilities are sufficient to meet the Group’s needs
unit selling price, gross profit margin, planned capital               in the context of the cashflow forecast, taking
expenditure and the availability of banking facilities. Based          into the account any breach of loan covenants
on the assessment, the directors concluded that there are              which may trigger early repayment of loans, and
no material uncertainties related to events and conditions             the growing working capital requirements due to
which, individually or collectively, may cast significant              forecasted scaling of manufacturing operations;
doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024     87
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Assessment of the Group’s Ability to Continue as a
      Going Concern (Continued)


      We identified going concern assessment as a key audit        •     Assessing the Group’s ability to renew or refinance
      matter because significant degree of management                    existing banking facilities upon maturity by
      judgement and estimates are involved in making this                performing a retrospective review of past renewal
      assessment and in forecasting the future cash flows of the         or roll-over history of banking facilities in prior year,
      Group which are inherently uncertain.                              and evaluate the management’s plan and their
                                                                         assessment of feasibility of obtaining additional
                                                                         banking facilities in the Forecast Period;


                                                                   •     Obtaining financial information after the reporting
                                                                         period and assessing for any post-year-end
                                                                         deterioration in performance or adverse events that
                                                                         could impact going concern assumptions;


                                                                   •     Reviewing management’s sensitivity analyses on
                                                                         key assumptions used in the cashflow forecast and
                                                                         assessing their impact on the conclusions of the
                                                                         going concern assessment; and


                                                                   •     Assessing the related disclosures in the
                                                                         consolidated financial statements with reference
                                                                         to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                                         standards.




88   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue Recognition



Refer to note 4(v) and note 8 to the consolidated financial   Our audit procedures in relation to the recognition of
statements.                                                   revenue included the following:


The Group’s revenue is principally generated from sales of    •      Understanding and assessing the design,
EV batteries, ESS products and other related goods. During           implementation and operating effectiveness of
the year, the Group has recorded revenue of approximately            the key internal controls over the Group’s systems
RMB27,752 million.                                                   which govern revenue recognition;


Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control        •      Inspecting sales contracts with major customers to
of the goods has transferred, being when the goods                   understand and assess the terms and conditions
have been shipped to the customer’s specific location.               therein which may affect the recognition of
                                                                     revenue;
The Group’s accounting system generally records
sales transactions when the goods leave the Group’s           •      Testing revenue recorded on sample basis covering
warehouses. Accordingly, there is a risk that revenue is             different business locations and customers, by
recognised for sales of individual products before the               examining the relevant supporting documents
control of the same have passed to the customer.                     including sales orders, sales contract, goods delivery
                                                                     notes with customer’s acceptance, sales invoices
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter              and credit notes issued subsequently;
because revenue is one of the key performance indicators
of the Group and because there is an inherent risk that       •      Comparing sales transactions recorded just before
revenue could be recorded in an incorrect period or could            and after the year end with the underlying goods
be subject to manipulation in order to achieve financial             delivery notes to assess if the related revenue had
targets and expectations.                                            been recognised in the appropriate accounting
                                                                     period;


                                                              •      Examining the numeric sequence of goods delivery
                                                                     notes before and after year end and investigating
                                                                     any apparent abnormalities;


                                                              •      Checking to inventories and sales records
                                                                     subsequent to the year end for any significant sales
                                                                     returns that occurred after the reporting period;
                                                                     and


                                                              •      Scrutinizing all manual journal entries relating
                                                                     to revenue which were raised during the year,
                                                                     enquiring of management the reasons for
                                                                     such adjustments and inspecting underlying
                                                                     documentation on a sample basis.

                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      89
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Assessment of Provisions and Disclosure for Litigation
      Claims


      Refer to note 36 and note 44(b) to the consolidated           Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s litigation
      financial statements.                                         provisions and disclosures included the following:


      Provisions are made for litigation and claims of the Group.   •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
      The amount recorded at 31 December 2024, which                       by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
      represented management’s best estimates of the amounts               and level of other inherent risk factors including
      likely to be required to settle these matters, totalled              subjectivity;
      RMB8.16 million.
                                                                    •      Understanding and evaluating key internal controls
      In determining whether provision for these legal claims              over the Group’s process for assessment of
      in dispute is appropriate, management needs to exercise              provisions and disclosure for litigation claims;
      significant judgement, with reference to legal advice
      given by the Group’s legal counsel, about the estimation      •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
      of probability that an outflow of resources embodying                of provisions and disclosure for litigation claims to
      economic benefits will be required for settling the                  assess effectiveness of the Group’s processes for
      obligation and an estimation of the amount of the                    estimation and disclosure;
      obligation which can be measured reliably at the end of
      the reporting period.                                         •      Discussing significant litigation and claims with the
                                                                           Group’s internal legal counsel;
      We identified the assessment of provisions for litigation
      and claims as a key audit matter because the estimates        •      Reviewing legal opinions of the Group’s external
      on which these provisions are based involve a significant            legal advisors including their views regarding the
      degree of management judgement and because                           likely outcome and magnitude of and exposure to
      determining the level of provisions may be subject to a              the relevant litigation and claims; and
      degree of management bias.
                                                                    •      Assessing the adequacy of the provision for
                                                                           litigation claims by evaluating management’s
                                                                           assessment regarding the nature and status of
                                                                           material litigations and other relevant factors.




90   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Valuation of Allowance for Inventories


Refer to note 4(j) and note 24 to the consolidated financial      Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s valuation
statements.                                                       of allowance for inventory included the following:


As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of                    •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
inventories is approximately RMB5,263 million and                        by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
allowance for inventories of approximately RMB150 million                and level of other inherent risk factors including
was charged to profit or loss during the year.                           subjectivity;


Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net               •      Understanding and evaluating managements key
realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling          controls over the assessment of the net realisable
price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated             value of inventories and related loss allowances
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to                 including periodic review on inventories;
make the sale.
                                                                  •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
We identified the valuation of the allowance for inventories             of net realisable value of inventories to assess the
as a key audit matter because there is a significant                     effectiveness of management’s estimation process;
inherent risk related to assessing the net realisable value of
inventories. This assessment involves significant estimates       •      Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness
and subjective judgments of management.                                  of the methods and estimations used in net
                                                                         realisable value of inventories; and


                                                                  •      Comparing the carrying value of inventories to
                                                                         actual prices for sales transactions subsequent to
                                                                         the end of the reporting period, on a sample basis.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024    91
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Government Grants


      Refer to note 4(z), note 9, note 26 and note 33 to the         Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s
      consolidated financial statements                              government grants included the following:


      The Group recognises government grant when there is            •      Inspecting, on a sample basis, documents relating
      reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with                  to government grants received or receivable
      the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be             during the year, identifying the specific conditions
      received.                                                             attached, and assessing whether the Group’s
                                                                            determination on classification of income related
      The Group has recognised significant government grants in             and long-term asset related grants complied with
      profit or loss during the year, and had significant deferred          IAS 20 Accounting for Government Grants and
      income as at end of reporting period as set out in note 9             Disclosure of Government Assistance;
      and note 33, respectively.
                                                                     •      For income-related government grants, we verified
      Most of the government grants recognised during the                   the occurrence and recognition of the expenditures,
      year were related to compensation for operating costs                 checking whether related government grants
      and expenses incurred, hence being income-related and                 released to profit or loss matched corresponding
      recognised in profit or loss in the same period as the                expenditures;
      relevant expenditures.
                                                                     •      For asset-related government grants, we verified
      As at end of the reporting period, certain government                 total government grant amount recognised as
      grant receivables as set out in note 26 were recognised               deferred revenue matched the corresponding
      but not yet received.                                                 capitalized expenditures of assets purchased or
                                                                            under construction, and verified the relationship
      We identified accounting for government grants as a key               between grants and assets items; once these
      audit matter because of its significance to the consolidated          government grant related long-term assets were
      financial statements and because of the exercise of                   ready to use we checked whether the recognised
      management judgement in the conditions attached to the                deferred revenue was amortised on a straight-line
      government grants and assessing whether they are met                  basis to the profit or loss for the period over the
      and whether the grants will be received.                              useful life of related assets; and


                                                                     •      Assessing the adequacy of loss allowance on
                                                                            government grants receivables for the year by
                                                                            reviewing subsequent settlements after the
                                                                            reporting period and evaluating the methodologies,
                                                                            input and assumptions used by management.




92   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report




Other Information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in
the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024     93
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
     Statements
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
     in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
     as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
     accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
     but to do so.


     The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
     process.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
     from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
     report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
     liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
     will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
     taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:


     •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
            or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
            and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
            fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
            misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.


     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
            disclosures made by the directors.




94   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
       audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
       Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
       of the entities or business activities within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
       statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
       of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Szeto Tai Shun.




RSM Hong Kong
Certified Public Accountants
29th Floor, Lee Garden Two
28 Yun Ping Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong
26 March 2025




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024   95
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                      2024           2023
                                                                         Note     RMB’000        RMB’000


     Revenue                                                              8     27,751,526     27,005,885
     Cost of sales                                                              (23,341,632)   (23,494,367)


     Gross profit                                                                4,409,894      3,511,518
     Investment and other income                                          9        357,560        200,492
     Other losses, net                                                   10        (139,021)      (877,052)
     Selling expenses                                                              (615,974)      (343,162)
     Administrative expenses                                                     (1,257,403)      (675,753)
     Research and development expenses                                           (1,417,611)      (991,961)
     Impairment losses on trade and bills receivables                    25         (91,058)       (60,763)
     (Impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on prepayments,
        deposits and other receivables                                   26         (40,987)          880


     Profit from operations                                                      1,205,400        764,199
     Finance costs                                                       12        (415,116)      (330,439)
     Share of losses of associates                                                      (85)          (157)


     Profit before tax                                                             790,199        433,603
     Income tax credit                                                   13         53,427           3,560


     Profit for the year                                                 14        843,626        437,163


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                         591,196        294,377
     Non-controlling interests                                                     252,430        142,786


                                                                                   843,626        437,163


     Earnings per share                                                  18
     Basic (RMB per share)                                                          0.3336         0.1661


     Diluted (RMB per share)                                                        0.3336         0.1661




96   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                   Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024


                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000


Profit for the year                                                        843,626             437,163


Other comprehensive (expense)/income:
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value through other
  comprehensive income (FVTOCI)                                            (76,423)            (29,366)


Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                       1,570               (1,313)


Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax                       (74,853)            (30,679)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                    768,773             406,484


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                      516,343             263,698
Non-controlling interests                                                  252,430             142,786


                                                                           768,773             406,484




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024        97
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                   2024          2023
                                                                      Note     RMB’000       RMB’000


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                     19     81,005,464    67,694,816
     Right-of-use assets                                               20      1,749,505     1,786,328
     Intangible assets                                                 21      1,480,521     1,358,099
     Investments in associates                                         23        16,109        16,194
     Other financial assets                                            28       829,152       639,267
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment    26       993,795      1,255,202
     Deferred tax assets                                               37       793,450       568,099


                                                                              86,867,996    73,318,005


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                       24      5,263,435     7,125,768
     Trade and bills receivables                                       25      8,414,300     6,829,306
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       26      7,455,596     8,536,035
     Amounts due from related parties                                  27       201,399       232,585
     Other financial assets                                            28      1,834,516      143,676
     Current tax assets                                                             185        27,790
     Pledged bank deposits                                            29(a)    3,377,123     1,381,631
     Restricted bank balances                                         29(b)         280           267
     Bank and cash balances                                           29(c)    9,058,553     7,833,962


                                                                              35,605,387    32,111,020


     Current liabilities
     Trade and bills payables                                          30     19,486,536    19,958,859
     Accruals and other payables                                       31      6,779,961     7,513,703
     Contract liabilities                                              32       141,294       616,955
     Amounts due to related parties                                    27        27,250       425,700
     Lease liabilities                                                 34        31,463        17,036
     Bank borrowings                                                   35     18,960,089     8,114,805
     Provisions                                                        36       122,660        98,678
     Financial guarantee                                               38        34,563              –
     Current tax liabilities                                                        485        75,725


                                                                              45,584,301    36,821,461


     Net current liabilities                                                  (9,978,914)   (4,710,441)


     Total assets less current liabilities                                    76,889,082    68,607,564



98   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                            Note            RMB’000              RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Deferred income                                                              33               297,907             192,846
Lease liabilities                                                            34                69,137              65,765
Bank borrowings                                                              35           27,156,291          21,055,929
Provisions                                                                   36             1,303,117             895,286
Deferred tax liabilities                                                     37                   8,705            11,948


                                                                                          28,835,157          22,221,774


NET ASSETS                                                                                48,053,925          46,385,790


Capital and reserves
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                                40             1,772,302           1,772,302
Reserves                                                                     42           33,411,542          32,873,598


                                                                                          35,183,844          34,645,900


Non-controlling interests                                                                 12,870,081          11,739,890


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                              48,053,925          46,385,790


Approved by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            LIU Jingyu                                                 DAI Ying




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        99
      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                           Safety      Contribution                                       Financial assets
                                                  Share capital/         Capital          Merger       production              from         Exchange        Put option         at FVTOCI                                     Non-
                                                  Paid-in capital        reserve          reserve            fund       shareholder           reserve         Reserve             reserve    Retained                  controlling        Total
                                                       (Note 40) (Note 42(b)(i)) (Note 42(b)(ii)) (Note 42(b)(iii)) (Note 42(b)(iv))   (Note 42(b)(v)) (note 42(b)(vi)) (Note 42(b)(vii))    earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


      At 1 January 2023                                1,772,302      32,455,446            8,058               –            98,980            (7,653)        (261,157)          (120,654)    433,996    34,379,318     7,196,141    41,575,459


      Total comprehensive income for the year                  –               –                –               –                  –           (1,313)               –            (29,366)    294,377      263,698        142,786      406,484
      Capital contribution from non-controlling
        shareholders                                           –               –                –               –                  –                –                –                  –           –             –     4,400,000     4,400,000
      Share-based payments (note 39)                           –               –                –               –            40,631                 –                –                  –           –       40,631              –       40,631
      Share issue expenses                                     –         (36,784)               –               –                  –                –                –                  –           –       (36,784)            –       (36,784)
      Safety production fund                                   –               –                –          12,606                  –                –                –                  –     (13,569)         (963)          963             –


      Changes in equity for the year                           –         (36,784)               –          12,606            40,631            (1,313)               –            (29,366)    280,808      266,582      4,543,749     4,810,331


      At 31 December 2023                              1,772,302      32,418,662            8,058          12,606           139,611            (8,966)        (261,157)          (150,020)    714,804    34,645,900    11,739,890    46,385,790




100   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                         Safety      Contribution                                        Financial assets
                                            Share capital/          Capital           Merger        production               from         Exchange        Put option          at FVTOCI                                      Non-
                                            Paid-in capital         reserve           reserve             fund        shareholder           reserve          Reserve             reserve    Retained                   controlling        Total
                                                 (Note 40)    (Note 42(b)(i)) (Note 42(b)(ii)) (Note 42(b)(iii)) (Note 42(b)(iv))    (Note 42(b)(v)) (note 42(b)(vi)) (Note 42(b)(vii))     earnings          Total      interests       equity
                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2024                                1,772,302       32,418,662             8,058            12,606           139,611            (8,966)         (261,157)          (150,020)    714,804     34,645,900    11,739,890    46,385,790


Total comprehensive income for the year                  –                –                 –                 –                 –             1,570                 –            (76,423)    591,196       516,343        252,430      768,773
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders                                           –                –                 –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –            –             –       884,000      884,000
Share-based payments (note 39)                           –                –                 –                 –            26,150                 –                 –                  –            –       26,150              –       26,150
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                 –            6,493                 –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –            –         6,493       (17,281)      (10,788)
Safety production fund                                   –                –                 –            28,608                 –                 –                 –                  –      (39,650)      (11,042)       11,042             –


Changes in equity for the year                           –            6,493                 –            28,608            26,150             1,570                 –            (76,423)    551,546       537,944      1,130,191     1,668,135


At 31 December 2024                              1,772,302       32,425,155             8,058            41,214           165,761            (7,396)         (261,157)          (226,443)   1,266,350    35,183,844    12,870,081    48,053,925




                                                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024                  101
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                       2024          2023
                                                                           Note    RMB’000       RMB’000


      CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                                             790,199       433,603
      Adjustments for:
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        19     2,242,732     1,524,605
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                  20        58,942        65,219
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                    21       171,850       160,400
      Equity-settled share-based payments                                  39        26,150        40,631
      Share of losses of associates                                        23             85          157
      Gain on disposal of associates                                       10              –          (358)
      Allowance for inventories                                            10       149,755       864,164
      Impairment losses on trade and bills receivables, net                25        91,058        60,763
      Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) on other
         receivables, net                                                  26        40,987           (880)
      Net (gain)/loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment        10           (819)      16,069
      Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                       10        (37,599)      30,297
      Expense on issuance of financial guarantees to investee companies    10        34,563              –
      Net gain on lease modification                                       10              –        (1,561)
      Provision/(reversal of provision) for litigation                     36         7,915         (8,400)
      Net foreign exchange gains                                           10         (6,879)      (31,559)
      Interest income                                                       9      (154,822)     (135,447)
      Finance costs                                                        12       415,116       330,439


      Operating profit before working capital changes                             3,829,233     3,348,142
      Decrease in inventories                                                     1,712,578     3,832,015
      Increase in trade and bills receivables                                     (2,034,076)   (1,414,808)
      Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, deposits and other receivables          1,046,237      (327,700)
      Decrease in amount due from a subsidiary of shareholders                       31,169       719,388
      (Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                                (2,064,592)     603,152
      Decrease in amounts due to subsidiaries of shareholders                      (398,450)       (45,952)
      Decrease in trade and bills payables                                         (220,367)    (1,687,903)
      Increase/(decrease) in accruals and other payables                          1,282,502     (1,643,629)
      Increase in provisions                                                        423,898       469,780
      (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                                  (475,661)      126,423
      Increase/(decrease) in deferred income                                        192,252      (986,404)
      Decrease in restricted bank balances                                               (13)            –


      Cash generated from operations                                              3,324,710     2,992,504
      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                          (3,860)       (4,691)
      Income tax paid                                                              (207,748)       (87,645)


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                3,113,102     2,900,168



102   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                        2024                2023
                                                                         Note      RMB’000              RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest received                                                                    141,980             135,447
Disposal of associates                                                                       –            66,358
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                               –        (2,057,587)
Payment of property, plant and equipment                                         (16,334,962)       (17,707,971)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                              20,056              41,885
Received government grants in relation to assets                                             –            22,211
Payment of right-of-use assets                                                               –          (246,389)
Addition of intangible assets                                                       (271,620)           (117,073)
Purchase of other financial assets                                                (5,949,297)           (241,194)
Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                                   4,290,620             240,014
Purchase of shares of an unlisted equity security                                   (179,938)                    –
Investment in limited partnership and limited partnership fund                       (82,300)                    –
Investment in associates                                                                     –           (66,000)
Decrease in amount due from a shareholder                                                  17                 181
Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                     81,912                     –
Decrease in restricted bank balances                                                         –                 31


Net cash used in investing activities                                            (18,283,532)       (19,930,087)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net proceeds from bank borrowings                                                16,400,198          10,496,771
Proceeds received under supplier finance arrangements                                225,563                     –
Principal elements of lease payments                                                   (4,560)           (19,036)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                  884,000           4,400,000
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                             (10,788)                    –
Increase in pledged bank deposits                                                    (12,812)                    –
Share issue expenses                                                                         –           (13,026)
Interest paid                                                                     (1,087,959)           (966,487)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                     16,393,642          13,898,222


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                               1,223,212          (3,131,697)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                                     7,833,962         10,931,814


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                1,379              33,845


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                           9,058,553           7,833,962


ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Bank and cash balances                                                   29(c)     9,058,553           7,833,962


                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024        103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.      General information
              CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司) is a joint stock limited company registered in the People’s
              Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Company’s H-shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
              Limited since 6 October 2022. The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is No. 1
              Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


              The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
              ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below.


                                                  Principal country or
                                                  region of operation/
                                                  country or region of                             Percentage of equity
                                                  incorporation/Kind     Registered     Paid-up        attributable         Principal
              Name                                of legal entity           capital     amount       to the Company         activities
                                                                                                     Direct      Indirect


              中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,500      RMB7,500       100%            N/A   Research and
                CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*           liability company        million     million                              development
                (“Jiangsu Company”)                                                                                           production and sales
                                                                                                                              of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                              products


              中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限                     PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB1,000      RMB1,000       100%            N/A   Research and
                公司 CALB Technology Co., Ltd.*       liability company        million     million                              development of
                (“Jiangsu Research Institute”)                                                                                EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                              products


              中創新航新能源(廈門)有限                       PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB5,000       100%            N/A   Research and
                公司 CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.*         liability company        million     million                              development
                (“Xiamen Company”)                                                                                            production and sales
                                                                                                                              of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                              products


              中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限                    PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB100       RMB100        100%            N/A   Research and
                公司 CALB Technology                  liability company        million     million                              development of
                (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*                                                                                         EV battery and ESS
                (“Shenzhen Research Institute”)                                                                               products


              中創新航科技(成都)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/               RMB4,000      RMB4,400        51%            N/A   Research and
                CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.*           Limited liability        million     million                              development,
                (“Chengdu Company”)                 company                                                                   production and sales
                                                                                                                              of EV battery and
                                                                                                                              ESS products


104   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




1.   General information (Continued)

                                            Principal country or
                                            region of operation/
                                            country or region of                             Percentage of equity
                                            incorporation/Kind     Registered     Paid-up        attributable
     Name                                   of legal entity           capital     amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                               Direct      Indirect


     中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,000      RMB6,404        51%            N/A   Research and
      CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*                 liability company        million     million                              development,
      (“Wuhan Company”)                                                                                                 production and sales
                                                                                                                        of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB4,150      29.4%            N/A   Research and
      CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.*                 liability company        million     million                              development,
      (“Hefei Company”)                                                                                                 production and sales
                                                                                                                        of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(福建)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB2,500      RMB2,500        51%            N/A   Research and
      CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*                liability company        million     million                              development,
      (“Fujian Company”)                                                                                                production and sales
                                                                                                                        of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(江門)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,400      RMB4,308      63.7%            N/A   Research and
      CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.*              liability company        million     million                              development,
      (“Jiangmen Company”)                                                                                              production and sales
                                                                                                                        of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(四川)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB2,953        51%            N/A   Research and
      CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*               liability company        million     million                              development,
      (“Sichuan Company”)                                                                                               production and sales
                                                                                                                        of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司                       PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB600       RMB600        100%            N/A   Research and
      CALB Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*     liability company        million     million                              development,
      (“Materials Company”)                                                                                             production and sales
                                                                                                                        of battery
                                                                                                                        materials




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      1.      General information (Continued)

                                                    Principal country or
                                                    region of operation/
                                                    country or region of                                   Percentage of equity
                                                    incorporation/Kind      Registered        Paid-up           attributable
              Name                                  of legal entity             capital       amount          to the Company            Principal activities
                                                                                                               Direct      Indirect


              立鼎化學材料科技(江蘇)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/Limited            HKD850         HKD850             N/A             N/A    Research and
               Liding Chemical Materials              liability company         million        million                                    development of new
               Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*#                                                                                           material technology
               (“Liding Chemical”)                                                                                                        and sales of battery

              中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司                        PRC/PRC/Limited            RMB100         RMB100           100%              N/A    Research and
               CALB Smart Energy Technology           liability company         million        million                                    development,
               Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                                 production and sales
                                                                                                                                          of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                                          products

              CALB GmbH                             Germany/Germany/         EUR25,000     EUR25,000           100%              N/A Research and
                                                      Limited liability                                                                development,
                                                      company                                                                          production and sales
                                                                                                                                       of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                                       products

              CALB (HK) Co., Limited                PRC/Hong Kong           USD50,000      USD50,000           100%              N/A Investment holding and
                                                      Limited                                                                          sales of EV battery and
                                                      liability company                                                                ESS products

              CALB (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.            Singapore/Singapore/    USD50,000      USD50,000             N/A           100% Investment holding
                                                      Limited liability                                                               and sales of EV battery
                                                      company                                                                         and ESS products

              CALB (EUROPE), S.A.                   Portugal/Portugal/     EUR200,000 EUR200,000                 N/A           100% Research and
                                                      Limited liability                                                               development,
                                                      company                                                                         production and sales
                                                                                                                                      of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                                      products

              CALB (THAILAND) CO., LTD.             Thailand/Thailand/          THB100        THB29.5            N/A           100% Research and
                                                      Limited liability          million       million                                development,
                                                      company                                                                         production and sales
                                                                                                                                      of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                                      products

              *       The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.


             #        The subsidiary was cancelled on 22 May 2024.

106   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




2.   Basis of preparation
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS Accounting
     Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). IFRS Accounting Standards
     comprise International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”); International Accounting Standards (“IAS”); and
     Interpretations. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the
     Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).


     The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for early
     adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
     policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for
     the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.


     As at 31 December 2024 the Group had net current liabilities of approximately RMB9,979 million. Bank and
     cash balances totalled approximately RMB9,059 million, while total outstanding bank borrowings amounted to
     approximately RMB46,116 million, with approximately RMB18,960 million due within one year.


     Additionally, the Group has capital commitments of approximately RMB14,620 million at the end of reporting period
     which are mostly expected to be fulfilled within the next 18 months.


     Notwithstanding the above events and conditions, the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) had adopted
     the going concern basis in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements of the Group on the grounds
     including but not limited to the following:


     (a)    The Group’s financial budget and production planning project increasing production volume and revenue in
            upcoming year, thereby anticipating improvements in operating cash inflow;


     (b)    The Group had sufficient committed banking facilities at the end of reporting period available to meet the
            operating requirements and foreseeable future capital investment requirements;


     (c)    Management expects the Group will successfully arrange the rolling-over of existing banking facilities and
            secure additional banking and other facilities, providing sufficient funding for the Group’s operating and
            capital investment needs; and


     (d)    Taking the above into consideration, the Directors have reviewed a comprehensive cashflow forecast of the
            Group for not less than twelve months from 31 December 2024 prepared by management for the purpose
            of assessing the Group’s working capital and banking facilities requirements. Based on this assessment,
            the Directors concluded that there are no material uncertainties related to events and conditions which,
            individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


     Therefore, the Directors are of the view that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis when preparing these
     consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3.      Adoption of new and revised IFRS accounting standards
              (a)     Application of new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards
                      The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB
                      for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2024
                      for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


                      Amendments to IAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                      Amendments to IAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                      Amendments to IFRS 16                            Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                      Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                   Supplier Finance Arrangements


                     Adoption of Amendments to IAS 1 “ Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                     Non-current ” and Amendments to IAS 1 “Non-current Liabilities with Covenants ”
                     (collectively the “IAS 1 Amendments ”)
                      As a result of the adoption of the IAS 1 Amendments, the Group changed its accounting policy for the
                      classification of borrowings as below:


                     “Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a
                     right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


                     Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are
                     considered in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the
                      Group is required to comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification.”


                      This new policy did not result in a change in the classification of the Group’s borrowings. The Group did
                      not make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting IAS 1 Amendments. The Group has provided
                      additional disclosures about its non-current liabilities subject to covenants in note 6(c).


                      Adoption of Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 “Supplier Finance Arrangements ”
                      The amendments introduce new disclosure requirements to enhance transparency of supplier finance
                      arrangements and their effects on an entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. The Group
                      provided the new disclosures in notes 6(c) and 35(f).


                      Except for the above, other amendments listed above did not have any material impact on the amounts
                      recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




108   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




3.   Adoption of new and revised IFRS accounting standards (Continued)
     (b)   New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
           Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new
           standards and amendments to standards, which are not effective for the year ended 31 December 2024 and
           which have not been adopted in these financial statements. The Group has not early applied the following
           which may be relevant to the Group:


                                                                                                   Effective for
                                                                                                   accounting
                                                                                                   periods
                                                                                                   beginning
                                                                                                   on or after


           Amendments to IAS 21 and IFRS 1 – Lack of Exchangeability                               1 January 2025


           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Classification and Measurement
              of Financial Instruments                                                             1 January 2026


           Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                            1 January 2026


           IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                           1 January 2027


           IFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures                       1 January 2027


           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of                              To be determined
              Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                        by the IASB


           The Directors are in the process of making an assessment of what the impacts of these new standards and
           amendments to standards are expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that
           the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


           Amendments to IAS 21 “Lack of Exchangeability ”
           The amendments specify when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not and
           how an entity estimates the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable. In addition, the
           amendments require disclosure of information that enables users of its financial statements to evaluate
           how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect, the entity’s financial performance,
           financial position and cash flows.


           The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025, with early
           application permitted. The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the
           financial position and performance of the Group.



                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      3.      Adoption of new and revised IFRS accounting standards (Continued)
              (b)     New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
                     Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments –
                     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
                      The IASB issued targeted amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 to respond to recent questions arising in practice,
                      and to include new requirements not only for financial institutions but also for corporate entities. These
                      amendments:


                      •       clarify the date of recognition and derecognition of some financial assets and liabilities, with a new
                              exception for some financial liabilities settled through an electronic cash transfer system;


                      •       clarify and add further guidance for assessing whether a financial asset meets the solely payments of
                              principal and interest (“SPPI”) criterion;


                      •       add new disclosures for certain instruments with contractual terms that can change cash flows (such
                              as some financial instruments with features linked to the achievement of environment, social and
                              governance targets); and


                      •       update the disclosures for equity instruments designated at fair value through other comprehensive
                              income (“FVTOCI”).


                      The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
                      performance of the Group.


                      IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements ”
                      IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”, introducing new requirements that will
                      help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant
                      information and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement
                      of items in the consolidated financial statements, IFRS 18 introduces significant changes to the presentation
                      of financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance present in the statement
                      of profit or loss, which will affect how the Group present and disclose financial performance in the financial
                      statements. The key changes introduced in IFRS 18 relate to (i) the structure of the statement of profit
                      or loss, (ii) required disclosures for management-defined performance measures (which are referred to
                      alternative or non-GAAP performance measures), and (iii) enhanced requirements for aggregation and
                      disaggregation of information.


                      Directors are currently assessing the impact of applying IFRS 18 on the presentation and the disclosures of
                      the consolidated financial statements.




110   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




3.   Adoption of new and revised IFRS accounting standards (Continued)
     (b)    New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
            Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
            Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture ”
            The amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements and IAS 28 Investments in Associates and
            Joint Ventures deal with situations where there is a sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its
            associate or joint venture. Specifically, the amendments state that gains or losses resulting from the loss of
            control of a subsidiary that does not contain a business in a transaction with an associate or a joint venture
            that is accounted for using the equity method, are recognised in the parent’s profit or loss only to the extent
            of the unrelated investors’ interests in that associate or joint venture. Similarly, gains and losses resulting
            from the remeasurement of investments retained in any former subsidiary (that has become an associate
            or a joint venture that is accounted for using the equity method) to fair value are recognised in the former
            parent’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investors’ interests in the new associate or joint
            venture.


            The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
            performance of the Group.


4.   Material accounting policy information
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless mentioned
     otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. financial instruments that are measured at fair value).


     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain
     critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
     the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
     assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
              below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


              (a)     Consolidation
                      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
                      made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
                      entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
                      ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power over an entity when
                      the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. activities that
                      significantly affect the entity’s returns.


                      When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights held
                      by other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise
                      that right.


                      Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
                      de-consolidated from the date the control ceases.


                      The gain or loss on the disposal of a subsidiary that results in a loss of control represents the difference
                      between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment retained in
                      that subsidiary and (ii) the Company’s share of the net assets of that subsidiary plus any remaining goodwill
                      and any accumulated exchange reserve relating to that subsidiary.


                      Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
                      unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of
                      subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
                      Group.


                      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the
                      Company. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                      consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are presented in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                      income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between the
                      non-controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.


                      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                      Company and to the non-controlling shareholders even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
                      deficit balance.




112   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (a)   Consolidation (Continued)
           Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
           accounted for as equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity as owners). The carrying
           amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
           interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests
           are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and
           attributed to the owners of the Company.


     (b)   Separate financial statements
           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
           impairment loss, unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that
           is classified as held for sale). The result of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
           dividend received or receivable.


           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
           investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
           dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
           the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


     (c)   Merger accounting for business combination under common control
           These consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
           businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if the current group structure had always
           been in existence.


           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the combining entities as if they
           had been combined from the date when they first came under the control of the controlling party.


           The consolidated statements of profit or loss and the other comprehensive income include the results of each
           of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities
           first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common
           control combination.


           The consolidated statements of financial position have been prepared to present the assets and liabilities of
           the combining entities as if the group structure had been in existence at the end of each reporting period.
           The net assets of the combining entities are combined using the existing book values from the controlling
           party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or gain on bargain purchase at the time
           of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the controlling party’s interest.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (d)     Business combination (other than under common control) and goodwill
                      The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary in a business combination.
                      The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at the acquisition-date fair value
                      of the assets given, equity instruments issued, liabilities incurred and any contingent consideration.
                      Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the
                      services are received. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the subsidiary in the acquisition are measured at
                      their acquisition-date fair values.


                      The excess of the sum of the consideration transferred over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
                      subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Any excess of the Group’s share of
                      the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the sum of the consideration transferred is
                      recognised in consolidated profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase which is attributed to the Group.


                      In a business combination achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest in the subsidiary is
                      remeasured at its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated profit
                      or loss. The fair value is added to the sum of the consideration transferred in a business combination to
                      calculate the goodwill.


                      The non-controlling interests in the subsidiary are initially measured at the non-controlling shareholders’
                      proportionate share of the net fair value of the subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition
                      date.


                      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of
                      Impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the cash-generating
                      units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
                      Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the Group
                      at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill impairment reviews
                      are undertaken annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential
                      impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the goodwill is compared to its recoverable amount,
                      which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised
                      immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.


              (e)     Associates
                      Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
                      participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity but is not control or joint control over
                      those policies. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible,
                      including potential voting rights held by other entities, are considered when assessing whether the Group
                      has significant influence. In assessing whether a potential voting right contributes to significant influence, the
                      holder’s intention and financial ability to exercise or convert that right is not considered.




114   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (e)   Associates (Continued)
           Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method
           and are initially recognised at cost. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the associate in an acquisition are
           measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the investment over the
           Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill
           which is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
           value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated profit
           or loss.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
           When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is
           tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount
           (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss
           recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
           investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that
           the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           The Group’s share of an associate’s post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income is
           recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. When the Group’s
           share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term
           interests that, in substance, from part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group does not
           recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate. If
           the associate subsequently reports profits, the Group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after
           its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.


           The gain or loss on the disposal of an associate that results in a loss of significant influence represents the
           difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment
           retained in that associate and (ii) the Group’s entire carrying amount of that associate (including goodwill)
           and any related accumulated exchange reserve. If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a
           joint venture, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.


           Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the
           Group’s interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
           evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed
           where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (f)     Foreign currency translation
                     (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                              currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the
                              Company’s functional and presentation currency.


                     (ii)    Transactions and balances in each entity ’s financial statements
                              Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition
                              using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
                              currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses
                              resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.


                              Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the
                              exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.


                              When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
                              exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a gain
                              or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
                              or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


                     (iii)   Translation on consolidation
                              The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which has the currency of
                              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the Company’s presentation
                              currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:


                              –       Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                                      closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;


                              –       Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this
                                      average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
                                      the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates
                                      on the transaction dates); and


                              –       All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                                      accumulated in the exchange reserve.




116   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (f)   Foreign currency translation (Continued)
           (iii)   Translation on consolidation (Continued)
                   On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form
                   part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                   accumulated in the exchange reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences
                   are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.


                   Goodwill and fair value adjustment arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
                   and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


     (g)   Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated financial statements at cost, less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


           Subsequent costs are included in the assets carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
           appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
           Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised
           in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.


           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less
           their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates are as
           follows:


           Buildings                                     20-35 years
           Machinery                                     10%
           Computer equipment                            12% – 32%
           Furniture and office equipment                19% – 32%
                                                         Over the shorter of the term of the lease and estimated
           Leasehold improvements                           useful life of 5 years
           Motor vehicles                                24%


           The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the
           end of each reporting period.


           The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
           proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024        117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (h)     Leases
                      At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
                      or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                      time in exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the
                      use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


                     The Group as a lessee
                      Where the contract contains lease components and non-lease components, the Group has elected not
                      to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
                      components as a single lease component for all leases.


                      At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
                      for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which,
                      for the Group are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of
                      a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease
                      payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic
                      basis over the lease term.


                      Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
                      payments payable over the lease tern, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
                      cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
                      liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
                      Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
                      lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


                      The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
                      the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,
                      and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an
                      estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site
                      on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
                      asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.


                      Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
                      assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
                      Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
                      life and the lease term.


                      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
                      to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
                      right-of-use assets.




118   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (h)   Leases (Continued)
           The Group as a lessee (Continued)
           The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
           an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
           a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will
           be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
           remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use
           asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
           zero.


           The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for
           a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (‘lease modification”) that is not accounted
           for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and
           lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


     (i)   Other intangible assets
           (a)     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
                   Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An
                   internal generated intangible asset is recognised only if all of the following conditions are met:


                   –      The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
                          sale;


                   –      Management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


                   –      There is ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


                   –      It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                          benefits;


                   –      Adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete development and to use or sell
                          the intangible assets are available;


                   –      The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably
                          measured.


                   Development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses. The development costs are amortised
                   using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding 10
                   years after the products are put into commercial production.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (i)     Other intangible assets (Continued)
                     (b)     Intangible assets acquired separately
                              The following intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
                              losses. Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:


                              Computer software                     Not more than 10 years
                              Trademark                             10 years
                              Patent                                Not more than 10 years
                              Others                                Not more than 10 years


                              The amortisation period and the amortisation method for intangible assets with finite useful life are
                              reviewed at least at each financial year end.


              (j)     Inventories
                      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
                      average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour and
                      an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where appropriate, subcontracting
                      charges. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the
                      estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


              (k)     Other contract costs
                      Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs
                      to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
                      intangible assets.


                      Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
                      a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental costs of
                      obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the
                      expected amortisation period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in which
                      case the costs are expensed when incurred. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


                      Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
                      identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or services
                      in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a
                      specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
                      costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group
                      entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
                      plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.




120   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (k)   Other contract costs (Continued)
           Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment
           losses are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i)
           remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services
           to which the asset relates, less (ii) any costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have
           not yet been recognised as expenses.


           Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to which the asset
           relates is recognised.


     (l)   Contract assets and contract liabilities
           Contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally entitled to the
           consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for expected
           credit losses (‘ECL”) in accordance with the policy set out in note 4(cc) and are reclassified to receivables
           when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.


           A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
           related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
           receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding
           receivable would also be recognised.


           For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
           multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
           basis.


           When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued
           under the effective interest method.


     (m)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
           when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, transaction costs that are directly
           attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
           and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair
           value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
           directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
           loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024        121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (m)     Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments (Continued)
                      The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
                      expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
                      asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
                      ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the
                      asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
                      and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial
                      asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


                      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                      cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
                      and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
                      recognised in profit or loss.


              (n)     Financial assets
                      All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
                      Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
                      the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are
                      measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification
                      of the financial assets.


                     Debt investments
                      Debt investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


                      –       Amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                              solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the
                              effective interest method.


                      –       FVTOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments of
                              principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved
                              by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in
                              other comprehensive income, except for the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses,
                              interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and
                              losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive
                              income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


                      –       FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI
                              (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or
                              loss.




122   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (n)   Financial assets (Continued)
           Equity investments
           An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading
           purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate the
           investment at FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other
           comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be
           made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election
           is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the financial assets at FVTOCI
           reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated
           in the financial assets at FVTOCI reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
           through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as
           at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.


     (o)   Trade and other receivables
           A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
           to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
           consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
           consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.


           Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
           contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
           trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
           subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.


     (p)   Cash and cash equivalents
           Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
           financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within six
           months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.


     (q)   Financial liabilities and equity instruments
           Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual
           arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under IFRS
           Accounting Standards. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
           the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities
           and equity instruments are set out in notes (r) to (u) below.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024        123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (r)     Borrowings
                      Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently
                      measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds
                      (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of
                      the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are
                      recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility
                      will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no
                      evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a
                      prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.


                      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                      of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


              (s)     Financial guarantee contracts
                      Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                      liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:


                      –       the amount determined in accordance with the ECL model under IFRS 9 and


                      –       the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised
                              in accordance with the principles of IFRS 15.


                      The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
                      flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would
                      be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for
                      assuming the obligations.


                      Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the
                      fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


                      Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of investees, under debt instruments measured at
                      FVTOCI, are provided for no compensation, the fair values are accounted for as expenses and recognised in
                      profit or loss.


              (t)     Trade and other payables
                      Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
                      cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
                      they are stated at cost.




124   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (u)   Equity instruments
           Any equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an equity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue cost.


     (v)   Revenue and other income
           Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the amount
           of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected
           on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of
           any trade discounts.


           Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the
           goods have shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). A receivable is recognised by the Group
           when the goods are delivered to the customer as this represents the point in time at which the right to
           consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due.


           Revenue from the provision of services is recognised over the scheduled period on an input method because
           the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.


           Revenue from other sources
           Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
           periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
           benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset, lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or
           loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments that do not
           depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.


           Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
           at amortised cost or FVTOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied
           to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
           applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross candying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.


           Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment are established.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (w)     Employee benefits
                     (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                              Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                              employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                              result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.


                              Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


                     (ii)    Medical benefits
                              The Group’s contributions to various defined contribution medical benefit plans organised by the
                              relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC are expensed as incurred.


                     (iii)   Pension scheme – Mainland China
                              The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in Mainland China, are required to
                              participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
                              subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
                              pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
                              payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


                     (iv)    Housing fund – Mainland China
                              The Group contributes on a monthly basis to a defined contribution housing fund plan operated by
                              the local municipal government. Contributions to this plan by the Group are expensed as incurred.


                     (v)     Termination benefits
                              Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer
                              withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and involves
                              the payment of termination benefits.


              (x)     Share-based payments
                      The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors and employees. Equity-settled
                      share-based payments are measured at the fair value (excluding the effect of non-market based vesting
                      conditions) of the equity instruments at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of
                      the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
                      on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market based
                      vesting conditions.




126   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (y)   Borrowing costs
           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
           are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
           capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
           intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
           their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


           To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset,
           the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate
           to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs
           applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings
           made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. Any specific borrowing that remain
           outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intend use or sales included in the general borrowing pool
           for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowing.


           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


     (z)   Government grants
           A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
           conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.


           Government grants relating to the acquisition or construction of long-term assets are asset-related
           government grants . Such government grants are firstly recognised in deferred income until the corresponding
           long-term assets are completed and put to use. The government grants shall offset the carrying value of
           related assets and are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the related depreciable assets by way of
           reduced depreciation expenses.


           Income-related government grants are government grants other than asset-related government grants.
           Such government grants are deducted from the related operating costs and expenses and recognise in the
           same period as the expenses specifically relevant to the grants. Income-related government grants shall be
           recognised as deferred income and recognised as described above when the relevant costs or losses are
           recognised subsequently.


           For government grants that include both asset-related portion and income-related portion, different portions
           shall be accounted for separately.


           Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
           the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
           in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (z)     Government grants (Continued)
                      Repayment of income-related government grant is applied first against any unamortised deferred income set
                      up in respect of the grant. To the extent that the repayment exceeds any such deferred income, or where no
                      deferred income exists, the repayment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. Repayment of asset-related
                      government grant is recognised by increasing the carrying amount of the asset by the amount repayable. The
                      cumulative additional depreciation that would have been recognised in profit or loss to date in the absence
                      of the grant is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


              (aa) Taxation
                      Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.


                      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit recognised
                      in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
                      items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
                      that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


                      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
                      the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
                      profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
                      assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
                      taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses or unused
                      tax credits can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises
                      from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and
                      liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of
                      transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.


                      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries
                      and associates except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
                      probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


                      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
                      the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
                      the asset to be recovered.


                      Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled
                      or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
                      reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in
                      other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other
                      comprehensive income or directly in equity.




128   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (aa) Taxation (Continued)
          The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
          the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
          amount of its assets and liabilities.


          For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
          right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
          attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


          For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
          IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group recognises a deferred
          tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
          against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
          temporary differences.


          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
          tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
          authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the
          asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


     (bb) Impairment of non-financial assets
          The carrying amounts of other non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of
          impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined for an
          individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
          other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which
          the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal
          of the individual asset or the CGU.


          Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/CGU. Present values are
          computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset/
          CGU whose impairment is being measured.


          Impairment losses on CGUs are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then pro rata amongst the
          other assets of the CGU. Subsequent increases in the recoverable amount caused by changes in estimates are
          credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the impairment.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (cc)    Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
                      The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on investments in debt instruments that
                      are measured at amortised cost, trade receivables and contract assets. The amount of expected credit losses
                      is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective
                      financial instrument.


                      The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The expected credit
                      losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit
                      loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
                      assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including
                      time value of money where appropriate.


                      For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
                      increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has
                      not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
                      instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.


                      Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the
                      expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that
                      is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after
                      the reporting date.


                     Significant increase in credit risk
                      In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                      recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting
                      date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial recognition.
                      In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
                      reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
                      without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the
                      industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts,
                      governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various
                      external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.




130   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (cc)   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
            increased significantly since initial recognition:


            –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                    internal credit rating;


            –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial
                    instrument;


            –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                    cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


            –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


            –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;


            –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                    environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                    obligations.


            Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial
            asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days
            past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


            Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased
            significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
            reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:


            (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,


            (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and


            (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                    reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024        131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (cc)    Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
                      Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                      The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of
                      “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not
                      available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a
                      strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.


                      For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment
                      is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
                      for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
                      recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified
                      debtor will default on the contract.


                      The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                      significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
                      identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


                     Definition of default
                      The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
                      purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
                      generally not recoverable.


                      –       when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


                      –       information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                              unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                              held by the Group).


                      Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
                      more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
                      that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




132   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




4.   Material accounting policy information (Continued)
     (cc)   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            Credit-impaired financial assets
            A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
            future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired
            includes observable data about the following events:


            –      significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;


            –      a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


            –      the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s
                   financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                   otherwise consider;


            –      it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                   or


            –      the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


            Write-off policy
            The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
            financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been placed
            under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the
            amounts are over one year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
            to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
            appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      4.      Material accounting policy information (Continued)
              (cc)    Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
                     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                      The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
                      the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
                      of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as
                      described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross
                      carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount
                      drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in
                      the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific
                      future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information.


                      For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows
                      that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
                      receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.


                      If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL
                      in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime
                      ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the
                      current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.


                      The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
                      corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.


              (dd) Provisions and contingent liabilities
                      Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal or
                      constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
                      will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money
                      is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.


                      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
                      estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is
                      remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence
                      of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is
                      remote.


              (ee) Events after the reporting period
                      Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at the end
                      of the reporting period or those that indicate the going concern assumption is not appropriate are adjusting
                      events and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Events after the reporting period that are
                      not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.



134   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




5.   Critical judgements and key estimates
     In applying the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to make
     judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised and
     to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
     from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors
     that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
     recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
     the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that have
     the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart from those
     involving estimations, which are dealt with below).


     (a)    Going concern basis
            These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity of which
            depends on the banking facilities available to the group at a level sufficient to finance its working capital
            requirements and capital investment requirements. Details are explained in note 2 to the consolidated
            financial statements.


     (b)    Consolidation of entity with less than 50% equity interest holding
            Although the Company owns less than 50% of the equity interest in Hefei Company, Hefei Company is
            treated as a subsidiary because the Group is able to control the relevant activities of Hefei Company as a
            result of the voting rights entrustment agreement and concerted action agreement entered into between the
            Company and the other major shareholder of Hefei Company. The other major shareholder agrees to entrust
            31% voting rights to the Company and to act in concert for all voting decisions made by the Company in
            Hefei Company’s board of directors meeting and shareholders meeting. In addition, according to the articles
            of association of Hefei Company, the board of directors of Hefei Company shall comprise 3 directors, of
            which the Company has the right to nominate 2 directors.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      5.      Critical judgements and key estimates (Continued)
              Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)
             (c)     Business model assessment
                      Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI (i.e. Solely Payments of
                      Principal and Interest) test and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level
                      that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective.
                      This assessment includes judgement reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the
                      assets is evaluated and their performance measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
                      how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial
                      assets measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI that are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the
                      reason for their disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the objective of the business for which
                      the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group’s continuous assessment of whether the business model
                      for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to be appropriate and if it is not appropriate
                      whether there has been a change in business model and so a prospective change to the classification of
                      those assets. No such changes were required during the periods presented.


             (d)     Significant increase in credit risk
                      As explained in note 4(cc), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
                      or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
                      significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit
                      risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account
                      qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.


             (e)     Determining the lease term
                      In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that include renewal options exercisable
                      by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all
                      relevant facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option,
                      including favourable terms, leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset
                      to the Group’s operation.


                      Generally, periods covered by an extension option in other properties leases have not been included in the
                      lease liability because the Group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption. See
                      note 20 for further information.


                      The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in circumstance that is
                      within the Group’s control. During the current financial year, no lease term has been reassessed.




136   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




5.   Critical judgements and key estimates (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.


     (a)    Deferred tax asset
            As at 31 December 2024, a deferred tax asset of approximately RMB571,661,000 (2023: RMB276,810,000)
            in relation to unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries has been recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position. No deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of
            RMB1,158,514,000 (2023: RMB1,065,193,000) for certain subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future
            profit streams. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future
            profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future, which is a key source of estimation
            uncertainty. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less or more than expected, or
            change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material
            reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss
            for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.


     (b)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets
            Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are stated at costs less accumulated
            depreciation and impairment, if any. Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs)
            must be tested for impairment annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to
            exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or
            any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported
            by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which
            are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be
            applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount
            rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use
            assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong.
            Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow
            projections, could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.


            Further, the cash flows projections, growth rate and discount rate are subject to greater uncertainties in
            current year due to uncertainty on volatility in material cost.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      5.      Critical judgements and key estimates (Continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             (b)     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                     assets (Continued)
                      The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment was approximately RMB81,005,464,000 (2023:
                      RMB67,694,816,000) as at 31 December 2024.


                      The carrying amount of right-of-use assets was approximately RMB1,749,505,000 (2023: RMB1,786,328,000)
                      as at 31 December 2024.


                      The carrying amount of intangible assets was approximately RMB1,480,521,000 (2023: RMB1,358,099,000)
                      as at 31 December 2024.


             (c)     Impairment of trade receivables
                      The management of the Group estimates the amount of impairment loss for ECL on trade receivables based
                      on the credit risk of trade receivables. The amount of the impairment loss based on ECL model is measured
                      as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
                      contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
                      determined at initial recognition. Where the future cash flows are less than expected, or being revised
                      downward due to changes in facts and circumstances, a material impairment loss may arise.


                      The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by
                      the changing economic landscape of the PRC, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in the current
                      year as there is higher risk that a disruptions in general market could led to increased credit default rates.
                      The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables disclosed in note 6(b).


                      At 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB7,009,413,000 (2023:
                      RMB5,071,212,000) (net of allowance of doubtful debts of RMB179,697,000 (2023: RMB88,639,000).


             (d)     Net realisable value of inventories
                      Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
                      estimated costs of completion and selling expense. These estimates are based on current market conditions,
                      the historical experience in manufacturing and selling products of similar nature. It could change significantly
                      as a result of changes in customer’s demand in response to EV battery and ESS products industry cycles and
                      volatility. The Group will reassess the estimates by the end of each reporting period.


                      During the year, RMB149,755,000 (2023: RMB864,164,000) allowance for inventories was recognised.




138   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




5.   Critical judgements and key estimates (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     (e)   Warranty provisions
           As explained in note 36(a), the Group makes product warranty provision based on its best estimate of
           the expected settlement under the sales agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
           warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical
           warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities. As the Group
           is continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models, it is possible that the recent claim
           experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
           decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in current and future years.


     (f)   Estimated provisions for litigation claims
           The Group evaluates whether a present obligation exists under litigation claim after taking into account
           all available evidence, including the opinion of experts. A provision is recognised for litigation claim if the
           Directors consider it is more likely than not that present obligation exists and a reliable estimate can be
           made on the settlement amount of the claim. If it is more likely than not that no present obligation exists,
           the Group should disclose a contingent liability, unless the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in
           settlement is remote. Details of the Group’s provisions and contingent liabilities related to litigation claims
           are disclosed in note 36(b) and note 44(b), respectively.


     (g)   Income taxes
           Significant estimates are required in determining the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions
           and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is not completely certain during the ordinary course
           of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
           estimated based on the then circumstances, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax
           provisions in the period in which such outcome is finalized and agreed by relevant tax authorities. During the
           year, income tax credit of RMB53,427,000 (2023: RMB3,560,000) was recognised in profit or loss based on
           the latest assessment.


     (h)   Fair value measurement of financial investments
           In the absence of quoted market prices in an active market, the Directors estimate the fair value of the
           Group’s unlisted investments, details of which are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements,
           by considering information from a variety of sources, including the latest financial information, the
           historical data on market volatility as well as the price and industry and sector performance of the unlisted
           investments. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair
           value of these unlisted investments.


           As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of the unlisted investments was RMB730,988,000 (2023:
           RMB446,207,000).




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      6.      Financial risk management
              The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and
              interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
              markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


              (a)     Foreign currency risk
                      The Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and
                      liabilities are principally denominated in RMB. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging
                      policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group monitors its foreign
                      currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need
                      arise.


                      At 31 December 2024, if the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against United States Dollar with
                      all other variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB26,212,000
                      (2023: RMB14,252,000) higher/lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain/loss on bank
                      balances and trade receivables denominated in United States Dollar.


                      At 31 December 2024, if the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against Euro with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB11,437,000 (2023:
                      RMB27,707,000) higher/lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain/loss on bank balances
                      and trade receivables denominated in Euro.


                      No sensitivity analyses on the change of RMB against other currencies are prepared as the impact to the
                      financial statements is insignificant.


              (b)     Credit risk
                      Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
                      customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities
                      (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial
                      institutions, and other financial instruments. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from bank and cash
                      balances, restricted bank balances and pledged bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are banks
                      and financial institutions with high credit-rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies, for which
                      the Group considers to have low credit risk.


                      Except for the financial guarantee given by the Group as set out in note 38, the Group does not provide
                      any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk in
                      respect of these financial guarantees at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in note 38.




140   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




6.   Financial risk management (Continued)
     (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade and bills receivables
           Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Groups’ established policy, procedures
           and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are performed on all
           customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history
           of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to
           the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade
           receivables are normally due within 90 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more
           than 6 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted,
           Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.


           Of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2024, the Group does not have significant credit risk
           exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar characteristics. The Group
           defines counterparties as having similar characteristics if they are related entities. At the end of the reporting
           period, concentration of credit risk related to the largest customer did not exceed 25% of the total trade
           receivables (2023: did not exceed 25%). In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group
           has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      6.      Financial risk management (Continued)
              (b)     Credit risk (Continued)
                      Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
                      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
                      is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
                      significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
                      status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


                      The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                      receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023:


                      As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                    Past due                 Individually
                                                        Current    0-180 days   181-365 days   Over 1 year      assessed        Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)            –        5.7%          18.6%         37.0%         71.0%             –
                      Gross carrying amount            6,262,373      497,046       227,944       101,013        100,734    7,189,110
                      Expected credit losses                   –       28,356        42,370        37,419         71,552     179,697


                      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                    Past due                 Individually
                                                        Current    0-180 days   181-365 days   Over 1 year      assessed        Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)            –        5.6%          21.9%         50.0%        100.0%             –
                      Gross carrying amount            4,418,985      659,090        29,646        13,582         38,548    5,159,851
                      Expected credit losses                   –       36,797          6,503        6,791         38,548      88,639


                      Expected credit loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 year and are adjusted to reflect
                      differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical data has been collected,
                      current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.




142   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




6.   Financial risk management (Continued)
     (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                RMB’000


           At 1 January 2023                                                                                      27,876
           Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                            60,763


           At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                 88,639
           Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                            91,058


           At 31 December 2024                                                                                   179,697


           The ECLs for bills receivables, which are mainly bank acceptance bills, approximates to zero. Those banks
           who issue bank acceptance bills are creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.


           Financial assets other than trade and bills receivables
           All of the Group’s financial assets, other than trade and bills receivables, are considered to have low credit
           risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the year was therefore limited to 12-month expected losses.


           Financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables and amounts due from related
           parties.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      6.      Financial risk management (Continued)
              (b)     Credit risk (Continued)
                      Financial assets other than trade and bills receivables (Continued)
                      Movement in the loss allowance for financial assets at amortised cost is as follows:


                                                                                                               Deposit and other
                                                                                                                     receivables
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


                      As at 1 January 2023                                                                                 7,836
                      Reversal of loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                               (880)


                      At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                               6,956
                      Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                        40,987


                      At 31 December 2024                                                                                47,943


                      Financial assets at FVTOCI includes certificate of deposit. The loss allowance for certificate of deposit
                      at FVTOCI is recognised in profit or loss and reduces the fair value loss otherwise recognised in other
                      comprehensive income.


                      During the year, no loss allowance for financial assets at FVTOCI was provided (2023: Nil).


                      The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to the investments that are measured at FVTPL. The
                      maximum exposure as at 31 December 2024 is the carrying amount of these investments of RMB479,118,000
                      (2023: RMB188,164,000).




144   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




6.   Financial risk management (Continued)
     (c)   Liquidity risk
           Each entity within the Group is responsible for its own cash management, including the participation in
           supplier finance arrangements with banks and the raising of borrowings to cover expected cash demands,
           subject to approval by the Directors when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined level of authority.


           As disclosed in note 35(f), the Group has entered into certain reverse factoring arrangements with banks,
           under which the Group obtained extended credit in respect of the invoice amounts owned to certain
           suppliers.


           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
           maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


           As disclosed in note 35(e), certain Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilments of covenants. Some
           of those covenants relate to the Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly
           found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach these covenants,
           the related loans would become payable on demand. The Group holds various bank loans amounted to
           RMB23,766 million (2023: RMB16,891 million) as at 31 December 2024, which are subject to covenants.
           These covenants primarily require the borrowing entities to maintain liabilities-to-assets ratios below a
           specified level, ranging from 65% to 75%. Additionally, certain bank loans stipulate that the shareholders
           of the borrowing entities must remain unchanged, that no financial guarantees may be extended to external
           parties, and that there are specified limits on contingent liabilities for the borrowing entities and the Group,
           as applicable. These covenants are enforceable throughout the duration of the loan term.


           Up to the date of these consolidated financial statements, there are no indications that the Group would
           have difficulties complying with the above covenants when they will be next tested.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      6.      Financial risk management (Continued)
              (c)     Liquidity risk (Continued)
                      The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s financial liabilities is as
                      follows:


                                                                 Less than          Between          More than
                                                                     1 year      1 to 5 years            5 years               Total
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                      At 31 December 2024
                      Trade and bills payables                  19,486,536                   –                 –       19,486,536
                      Accruals and other payables                6,779,961                   –                 –        6,779,961
                      Amounts due to related parties                27,250                   –                 –              27,250
                      Lease liabilities                             34,872             74,857                  –             109,729
                      Bank borrowings                           19,892,393        25,264,283          4,227,894        49,384,570


                      At 31 December 2023
                      Trade and bills payables                  19,958,859                   –                 –       19,958,859
                      Accruals and other payables                7,513,703                   –                 –        7,513,703
                      Amounts due to related parties               425,700                   –                 –             425,700
                      Lease liabilities                             20,539             73,095                  –              93,634
                      Bank borrowings                            9,004,935        20,880,304          2,540,490        32,425,729


              (d)     Interest rate risk
                      The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk mainly arises from its bank deposits and bank borrowings. These
                      deposits and borrowings bear interests at variable rate varied with the prevailing market condition.


                      At 31 December 2024, if interest rates at that date had been 100 basis points higher with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB133,264,000 (2023:
                      RMB99,156,000) lower, arising mainly as a result of higher interest income on bank deposits net of higher
                      interest expenses on bank borrowings. If interest rates had been 100 basis points lower, with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB133,264,000 (2023:
                      RMB99,156,000) higher, arising mainly as a result of lower interest income on bank deposits net of lower
                      interest expenses on bank borrowings.




146   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




6.   Financial risk management (Continued)
     (e)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Financial assets:
           Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                    22,527,920         18,766,230
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                         479,118             188,164
           Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                      2,184,550             594,779


           Financial liabilities:
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                        72,338,044         57,012,203
           Lease liabilities                                                                 100,600              82,801
           Financial guarantee                                                                34,563                     –


     (f)   Fair values
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the consolidated
           statements of financial position approximate their respective fair values.


     (g)   Transfers of financial assets
           The following were the Group’s financial assets transferred to banks or suppliers by discounting those
           receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards
           relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of the receivables and has
           recognised the cash received on the transfer as a secured borrowing (note 25). These financial assets are
           carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


           As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                                       Bills receivables
                                                                                                          discounted to
                                                                                                        banks with full
                                                                                                                recourse
                                                                                                                RMB’000


           Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                 100,000
           Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             100,000


           Net position                                                                                                  –




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (g)     Transfers of financial assets (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2023


                                                                                                                   Bills receivables
                                                                                                                      discounted to
                                                                                                                    banks with full
                                                                                                                            recourse
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


                      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                 658,426
                      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             658,426


                      Net position                                                                                                  –


      7.      Fair Value Measurements
              Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
              between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
              fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


              Level 1 inputs:     quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
                                  access at the measurement date.


              Level 2 inputs:     inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly.


              Level 3 inputs:     unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


              The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
              event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.




148   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




7.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (a)   Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2024
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –    1,598,926                  –       1,598,926
           – Investment in a listed equity security        98,164            –                  –          98,164
           – Investment in unlisted equity securities           –            –          487,460           487,460
             Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        54,963            –                  –          54,963
           – Investment in unlisted debt instruments            –            –          243,528           243,528
           – Wealth management investment                       –      180,627                  –         180,627


                                                          153,127    1,779,553          730,988         2,663,668



                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2023
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –      104,926                  –         104,926
           – Investment in a listed equity security       193,060            –                  –         193,060
           – Investment in an unlisted equity security          –            –          296,793           296,793
             Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        38,750            –                  –          38,750
           – Investment in an unlisted debt instrument          –            –          149,414           149,414


                                                          231,810      104,926          446,207           782,943




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024        149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      7.      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
              (b)     Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3:

                                                                   Financial assets   Financial assets
                                                                        at FVTPL –       at FVTOCI –
                                                                    Investments in    Investments in
                                                                     unlisted debt    unlisted equity       2024
                                                                      instruments           securities     Total
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


                      At beginning of year                                149,414            296,793     446,207
                      Additions                                             82,300           179,938     262,238
                      Total gains recognised
                         in profit or loss                                  11,814                  –     11,814
                         in other comprehensive income                           –              4,239      4,239
                      Exchange difference                                        –              6,490      6,490


                      At end of year                                      243,528            487,460     730,988



                                                                   Financial assets   Financial assets
                                                                        at FVTPL –       at FVTOCI –
                                                                  Investment in an Investment in an
                                                                     unlisted debt    unlisted equity       2023
                                                                       instrument            security      Total
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


                      At beginning of year                                       –                  –          –
                      Transferred from Level 2                            149,263            286,712     435,975
                      Total gains recognised
                         in profit or loss                                     151                  –        151
                         in other comprehensive income                           –             10,081     10,081


                      At end of year                                      149,414            296,793     446,207




150   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




7.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (b)   Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3: (Continued)
           During the year, financial assets at FVTPL amounting Nil (2023: RMB149,263,000) and financial assets at
           FVTOCI amounting Nil (2023: RMB286,712,000) were transferred from measurement based on level 2 to
           level 3.


           The total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income are presented in fair value changes of
           equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


           The total gains or losses recognised in profit or loss including those for assets held at end of reporting period
           are presented in other losses, net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      7.      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
              (c)     Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and
                      inputs used in fair value measurements:
                      The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
                      required for financial reporting purposes, including level 2 and level 3 fair value measurements. The financial
                      controller reports directly to the Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
                      processes and results are held between the financial controller and the Directors at least once a year.


                      For level 2 fair value measurements, specific valuation techniques adopted by the Group to evaluate the
                      financial assets include the annual interest rates for certificate of deposits and net assets value of the wealth
                      management investment.


                      Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                 Effect on fair              Fair value
                                                                                              Unobservable       value for
                      Description                                  Valuation technique        inputs             increase of inputs         2024            2023
                                                                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000


                      Investment in unlisted debt instruments      Net assets value of        Net assets         Increase                243,528          149,414
                        classified as financial assets at FVTPL      underlying investments


                      Investment in an unlisted equity security    Net assets value of        Net assets         Increase                307,522          296,793
                        classified as financial assets at FVTOCI     underlying investment


                      Investment in an unlisted equity security    Market approach            Changes in share   Increase                179,938                –
                        classified as financial assets at FVTOCI                                price of
                                                                                                comparable
                                                                                                companies


      8.      Revenue
              (a)     Disaggregation of revenue
                      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service line for the year is as
                      follows:


                                                                                                                                  2024                    2023
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                RMB’000


                      Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
                      Sales of EV batteries                                                                                 19,550,893             22,249,046
                      Sales of ESS products and others                                                                       8,200,633              4,756,839


                                                                                                                            27,751,526             27,005,885


152   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2024




8.   Revenue (Continued)
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
           The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the
           following major product lines and geographical regions:


                                                                                Sales of ESS products
                                                      Sales of EV battery            and others                        Total
                                                         2024          2023         2024           2023            2024           2023
                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


           Primary geographical markets
             – Mainland China                       19,085,928   22,017,722     8,025,690    4,335,306      27,111,618     26,353,028
             – Europe                                 161,683        92,548        3,349          60,467      165,032           153,015
             – Asia                                   266,132       117,679      153,291       335,680        419,423           453,359
             – America                                 32,865        18,721       18,011          25,326          50,876         44,047
             – Others                                    4,285        2,376          292             60            4,577          2,436


           Revenue from external customers          19,550,893   22,249,046     8,200,633    4,756,839      27,751,526     27,005,885


           Timing of revenue recognition
             – Products transferred at a point in
                   time                             19,550,893   22,249,046     8,127,642    4,691,173      27,678,535     26,940,219
             – Products and services transferred
                   over time                                 –              –     72,991          65,666          72,991         65,666


           Total                                    19,550,893   22,249,046     8,200,633    4,756,839      27,751,526     27,005,885


     (b)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
           with customers
           The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied)
           as at year end and the expected timing of recognising revenue as follows:


                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000


           Within 1 year                                                                                141,294                616,955




                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024          153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      9.      Investment and other income

                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


              Interest income on:
                 – Bank deposits                                                                       121,707           131,672
                 – Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                           33,115              3,775


              Total interest income                                                                    154,822           135,447
              Government grants and subsidies (note)                                                    27,451            41,808
              Value-added tax additional deduction                                                     160,382                  –
              Compensation from suppliers                                                               11,150            12,778
              Insurance compensation income                                                              2,829              1,773
              Reversal of provision for litigation                                                            –             8,400
              Others                                                                                       926                286


                                                                                                       357,560           200,492


              Note:

              During the year, the Group recognised government subsidies as follow:



                                                                                                           2024              2023

                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000



              Research and development subsidies                                                         18,229             16,321

              Subsidies on industry development                                                           7,420             19,394

              Subsidies on recruitment                                                                      137              1,597

              Others                                                                                      1,665              4,496



                                                                                                         27,451             41,808



              The government subsidies as set out above were received for compensation for or reimbursement of costs or
              expenses previously incurred and recognised in profit or loss in the current period in which they became receivable.


              Apart from above, the Group has recognised government grants of approximately RMB434 million (2023: RMB5,524
              million) in total, which were accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set forth in note 4(z)
              to the consolidated financial statements. These government grants, mostly being income-related, were used to
              offset the related operating costs and expenses, or deduct from the carrying value of the related property, plant
              and equipment if they are asset-related. There were no conditions attached to these government grants that were
              unfulfilled as at the end of the reporting period.



154   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




10. Other losses, net

                                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Allowance for inventories                                                                         (149,755)            (864,164)
     Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                                      37,599              (30,297)
     Expense on issuance of financial guarantees to investee companies                                  (34,563)                     –
     Net foreign exchange gain                                                                             6,879              31,559
     Net gain/(loss) on disposals of property, plant and equipment                                           819             (16,069)
     Gain on disposal of associates                                                                             –                 358
     Net gain on lease modification                                                                             –              1,561


                                                                                                       (139,021)            (877,052)


11. Segment information
    The Group is mainly engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
    ESS products in the PRC, and all the assets are substantially located in the PRC. Accordingly, there is only one single
    business reportable segment which is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker.


    Revenue from major customers:


                                                                                                           2024                 2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


     Customer A                                                                                      3,622,311            4,913,962
     Customer B#                                                                                     3,470,117                    N/A
     Customer C                                                                                      2,971,549            3,026,489
     Customer D#                                                                                     2,794,586                    N/A
     Customer E   *
                                                                                                             N/A          7,770,461


    #      Revenue from this customer amounted to less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.

    *      Revenue from this customer amounted to less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024       155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      12. Finance costs

                                                                                        2024        2023
                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000


              Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 20)                          3,860       4,691
              Interest on bank borrowings and finance charges                       1,227,732    966,487


              Total borrowing costs                                                 1,231,592    971,178
              Amount capitalised                                                     (816,476)   (640,739)


                                                                                     415,116     330,439


      13. Income tax credit
              Income tax credit has been recognised in profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                        2024        2023
                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000


              Current tax – the PRC
                 Provision for the year                                                  (485)    (11,159)
                 Under provision in prior years                                      (159,336)    (63,375)


                                                                                     (159,821)    (74,534)


              Current tax – Others
                 Provision for the year                                                  (292)       (116)
              Deferred tax (note 37)                                                 213,540      78,210


                                                                                      53,427        3,560




156   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




13. Income tax credit (Continued)
    Under the relevant income tax law, the PRC subsidiaries are subject to Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a statutory
    rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the year.


    The Company and certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were approved to be high and new technology
    enterprises and were entitled to a reduced EIT rate of 15%. The high and new technology enterprises certificates
    need to be renewed every three years so as to enable the Company and those subsidiaries to enjoy the reduced EIT
    rate of 15%.


    The reconciliation between the income tax credit and the product of profit before tax multiplied by the PRC EIT rate
    is as follows:


                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


    Profit before tax                                                                       790,199             433,603


    Tax at the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate of 15%                                        118,530              65,040
    Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible                                           18,122                6,360
    Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                                 (4,168)                   –
    Tax effect of super deduction of qualified research and development
       expenditure                                                                         (260,670)           (256,038)
    Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                          (723)              2,998
    Tax effect of tax losses                                                               (114,289)             24,205
    Effect on deferred tax balance resulting from a change in tax rate                        1,579              96,871
    Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                            28,856               (6,371)
    Under provision in prior years                                                          159,336              63,375


    Income tax credit                                                                       (53,427)              (3,560)




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024        157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      14. Profit for the year
              The Group’s profit for the year is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000


              Allowance for inventories (note 10)                                                     149,755       864,164
              Amortisation of intangible assets (note 21)                                             171,850       160,400
              Auditor’s remuneration
              – Audit services                                                                           4,114         3,873
              – Non-audit services                                                                        578           577
              Cost of inventories sold                                                              23,341,632    23,494,367
              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 19)                                2,242,732     1,524,605
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 20)                                            58,942        65,219
              Net (gain)/loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment (note 10)                     (819)      16,069
              Net gain on lease modification                                                                 –        (1,561)
              Impairment losses on trade and bills receivables                                         91,058        60,763
              Impairment losses/(reversal of impairment losses) on prepayments,
                 deposits and other receivables                                                        40,987           (880)


      15. Employee benefits expenses

                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000       RMB’000


              Employee benefits expenses (including Directors’
                 emoluments):
                 Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                    1,525,267     2,256,455
                 Equity-settled share-based payments                                                   26,150        40,631
                 Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                              133,726       177,358


                                                                                                     1,685,143     2,474,444




158   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




15. Employee benefits expenses (Continued)
    Five highest paid individuals
    The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included two (2023: two) directors of the Company
    whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 16(a). The emoluments of the remaining three
    (2023: three) individuals are set out below:


                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


    Basic salaries and allowances                                                               11,339           11,383
    Equity-settled share-based payments                                                         10,454           16,252
    Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                       140                145


                                                                                                21,933           27,780


    Five highest paid individuals
    The emoluments fell within the following band:


                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                        Number of           Number of
                                                                                        headcount           headcount


    RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                    1                   1
    RMB6,500,001 to RMB7,000,000                                                                    2                   –
    RMB9,500,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                                    –                  2
    RMB10,000,001 to RMB10,500,000                                                                  1                   –
    RMB13,000,001 to RMB13,500,000                                                                   –                  1
    RMB16,500,001 to RMB17,000,000                                                                  1                   –
    RMB23,500,001 to RMB24,000,000                                                                   –                  1


                                                                                                    5                   5


    During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals
    as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024       159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      16. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments

                                                               Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,                 Emoluments paid
                                                                        whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking                                       or receivable
                                                                                                                                                                   in respect of
                                                                                                                                                                director’s other
                                                                                                                               Remunerations                          services in
                                                                                                                                       paid or                 connection with
                                                                                            (Note i)            Employer’s         receivable                 the management
                                                                                          Estimated         contribution to         in respect                 of the affairs of
                                                                  Salaries              money value           a retirement       of accepting                     the Company
                                                                      and Discretionary    of other                 benefit           office as       Housing or its subsidiary
                                                       Fees   allowances         bonus      benefits                scheme            director      allowance      undertaking        Total
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Chairwoman
                      Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士)              –       2,676           4,490            9,762                  50                    –           –                   –    16,978
                      Executive directors
                      Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生)                 –         949           1,970            3,691                  50                    –           –                   –     6,660
                      Non-Executive directors
                      Mr. Zhang Guoqing
                        (張國慶先生) (note iii)                –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                      Mr. Zhou Sheng (周勝先生)
                        (note iii)                        –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                      Mr. Li Yunxiang (李雲祥先生)
                        (note ii)                         –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                      Ms. Hu Jing (胡婧女士)
                        (note v)                          –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                      Mr. Li Jiancun (李建存先生)
                        (note v)                          –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                      Ms. Xie Jieping (謝潔平女士)
                        (note v)                          –            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                   –         –
                      Independent non-executive
                        directors
                      Mr. Wu Guangquan
                        (吳光權先生)                         240            –               –               –                   –                    –           –                  –        240
                      Mr. Wang Susheng
                        (王蘇生先生)                         240           –                –               –                   –                    –           –                  –        240
                      Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生)           240           –                –               –                   –                    –           –                  –        240
                      Supervisors
                      Mr. Jiang Jinhua
                        (姜金華先生) (note iv)                 –           –                –               –                   –                    –           –                  –          –
                      Mr. Li Hui (李輝先生) (note vi)         –           –                –               –                   –                    –           –                  –          –
                      Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士)                –           –                –               –                   –                    –           –                  –          –
                      Ms. Nian Mingzhu
                        (念明珠女士)                           –         194              11                –                  26                    –           –                  –        231


                      Total for the year ended
                        31 December 2024                720       3,819           6,471          13,453                 126                     –           –                   –    24,589


160   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




16. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)

                                                 Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,                     Emoluments paid
                                                              whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking                                      or receivable
                                                                                                                                                        in respect of
                                                                                                                                                     director’s other
                                                                                                                 Remunerations                             services in
                                                                                                                          paid or                   connection with
                                                                                   (Note i)        Employer’s          receivable                   the management
                                                                                 Estimated    contribution to          in respect                    of the affairs of
                                                   Salaries                   money value        a retirement        of accepting                      the Company
                                                       and Discretionary          of other             benefit          office as        Housing     or its subsidiary
                                         Fees   allowances           bonus        benefits             scheme            director       allowance       undertaking        Total
                                      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


          Chairwoman
          Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士)            –        2,606            4,753         16,252                  46                    –             –                   –     23,657
          Executive directors
          Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生)               –          934            2,764          6,095                  46                    –             –                   –      9,839
          Non-Executive directors
          Mr. Zhang Guoqing
            (張國慶先生)                         –            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –          –
          Mr. Zhou Sheng (周勝先生)             –            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –          –
          Mr. Li Yunxiang (李雲祥先生)           –            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –          –
          Independent non-executive
            directors
          Mr. Wu Guangquan (吳光權先
            生)                            240            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –        240
          Mr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生先
            生)                            240            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –        240
          Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生)         240            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –        240
          Supervisors
          Mr. Jiang Jinhua (姜金華先生)          –            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –          –
          Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士)              –            –                –              –                   –                    –             –                   –          –
          Ms. Nian Mingzhu
            (念明珠女士)                         –          164              14               –                  26                    –             –                   –        204


          Total for the year ended
            31 December 2023              720        3,704            7,531         22,347                118                     –             –                   –     34,420




                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024             161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      16. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (Continued)
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
                      Notes


                      (i)     Estimated money values of other benefits include equity-settled share-based payments.


                      (ii)    Mr. Li Yunxiang resigned as non-executive director on 26 August 2024.


                      (iii)   Mr. Zhang Guoqing and Mr. Zhou Sheng were retired as non-executive directors on 31 December 2024.


                      (iv)    Mr. Jiang Jinhua was retired as supervisor on 31 December 2024.

                      (v)     Ms. Hu Jing, Mr. Li Jiancun and Ms. Xie Jieping were appointed as non-executive directors on 31 December 2024.

                      (vi)    Mr. Li Hui was appointed as supervisor on 31 December 2024.


                      Neither the chief executives nor any of the directors waived any emoluments during the year 2024 and 2023.


              (b)     Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                      No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                      Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the director’s connected party had a
                      material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
                      year.


      17. Dividends
              No dividend has been paid or proposed during the year (2023: Nil).


      18. Earnings per share
              The calculation of the basic earnings per share during the year is based on the profit for the year attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue or deemed to
              be in issue.


              (a)     Basic earnings per share
                      The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the
                      Company of approximately RMB591,196,000 (2023: RMB294,377,000), and the weighted average number of
                      ordinary shares of approximately 1,772,302,000 (2023: 1,772,302,000) in issue during the year.


              (b)     Diluted earnings per share
                      No diluted earnings per share was presented for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 as the
                      Company did not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares.




162   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




19. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                          Furniture
                                                            Computer     and office      Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                                  Building    Machinery    equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement      in progress         Total
                                 RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023:
    Cost                         9,895,266    5,530,374      508,246       382,682      12,404          84,240      30,106,250     46,519,462
    Accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                  (266,601)    (483,739)     (114,793)      (80,945)     (4,501)        (41,251)              –      (991,830)


    Net carrying amount          9,628,665    5,046,635      393,453       301,737       7,903          42,989      30,106,250     45,527,632


    At 1 January 2023, net of
      accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                 9,628,665    5,046,635      393,453       301,737       7,903          42,989      30,106,250     45,527,632
    Additions                        1,374      598,272       64,505       178,639       5,413           2,429      22,927,260     23,777,892
    Disposals                       (3,995)     (26,168)      (10,868)       (5,979)      (360)               –         (10,584)      (57,954)
    Transfer                     1,405,055    4,711,300      368,348       207,557        (813)         92,223       (6,811,819)      (28,149)
    Depreciation provided
      during the year             (240,793)    (919,414)     (211,081)     (127,149)     (2,855)        (23,313)              –    (1,524,605)


    At 31 December 2023,
      net of accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                10,790,306    9,410,625      604,357       554,805       9,288         114,328      46,211,107     67,694,816




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024         163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      19. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                                                                     Furniture
                                                                      Computer      and office      Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                                            Building    Machinery     equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement      in progress         Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December 2023
                and at 1 January
                2024:
              Cost                        11,296,220    10,637,980      926,518       762,706      16,521         178,892      46,211,107     70,029,944
              Accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                  (505,914)   (1,227,355)     (322,161)     (207,901)     (7,233)        (64,564)              –    (2,335,128)


              Net carrying amount         10,790,306     9,410,625      604,357       554,805       9,288         114,328      46,211,107     67,694,816


              At 1 January 2024, net of
                accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                10,790,306     9,410,625      604,357       554,805       9,288         114,328      46,211,107     67,694,816
              Additions                        1,794      404,008        30,997        55,255       1,954           5,966      15,094,219     15,594,193
              Disposals                            –        (9,361)         (882)       (7,426)      (526)            (291)              –       (18,486)
              Transfer                     5,062,721    15,884,479       31,872        55,148            –            137      (21,056,684)      (22,327)
              Depreciation provided
                during the year             (416,644)   (1,480,317)     (138,873)     (169,945)     (3,173)        (33,780)              –    (2,242,732)


              At 31 December 2024
                net of accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                15,438,177    24,209,434      527,471       487,837       7,543          86,360      40,248,642     81,005,464




164   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2024




19. Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

                                                                     Furniture
                                                       Computer     and office      Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                            Building    Machinery     equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement      in progress        Total
                           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


    At 31 December 2024
    Cost                  16,360,735    26,917,106      988,505       865,683      17,949         184,704      40,248,642    85,583,324
    Accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment            (922,558)   (2,707,672)     (461,034)     (377,846)    (10,406)        (98,344)              –   (4,577,860)


    Net carrying amount   15,438,177    24,209,434      527,471       487,837       7,543          86,360      40,248,642    81,005,464


    The Group was still in the process of obtaining property ownership certificates for certain buildings with a net
    carrying amount of RMB8,409,266,000 (2023: RMB4,607,772,000).


    Property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB9,614,625,000 (2023:
    RMB3,346,163,000) was pledged as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.


    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the government subsidies related to assets of approximately
    RMB54,410,000 (2023: RMB52,914,000) were recognised and deducted from cost of related assets.




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      20. Right-of-use assets

                                                                                     Leasehold          Lease
                                                                                         lands     properties              Total
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


              At 1 January 2023                                                      1,504,966        113,211         1,618,177
              Additions                                                                246,389          5,487           251,876
              Depreciation                                                             (39,207)       (26,012)          (65,219)
              Early termination of leases                                                    –        (18,506)          (18,506)


              At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                 1,712,148         74,180         1,786,328
              Additions                                                                      –         26,478            26,478
              Depreciation                                                             (40,563)       (18,379)          (58,942)
              Exchange realignment                                                        (325)            85               (240)
              Early termination of leases                                                    –         (4,119)            (4,119)


              At 31 December 2024                                                    1,671,260         78,245         1,749,505



                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              Depreciation expenses on right-of-use assets                                             58,942            65,219
              Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                         3,860             4,691
              Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in cost of sales,
                 selling expenses and administrative expenses)                                         60,516           109,723
              Expenses relating to leases of low value assets (included in selling
                 expenses and administrative expenses)                                                  3,278            46,459


              Details of total cash outflow for leases is set out in note 43(b).


              During the year ended 2024, the Group leases various factories and office premise for its operations. Lease terms
              are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the
              lease term and assessing the length of non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and
              determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


              Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 3 year to 5 years. No extension options and termination options
              are included in the lease contracts.


              Right-of-use assets with carrying amounts of approximately RMB819,876,000 (2023: RMB739,773,000) was pledged
              as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.



166   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2024




21. Intangible assets

                                     Computer                                    Development
                                      software    Trademarks          Patents           costs         Others           Total
                                      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


     Cost
     At 1 January 2023                 139,915               4      1,449,848        478,499           4,326       2,072,592
     Additions – internal
       development                      44,019               –               –        72,722             332         117,073
     Transfer                           27,726               –        208,445        (208,445)           423          28,149


     At 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                  211,660               4      1,658,293        342,776           5,081       2,217,814
     Additions – internal
       development                      37,383               –               –       234,562                –        271,945
     Transfer                           22,327               –        153,520        (153,520)              –         22,327


     At 31 December 2024               271,370               4      1,811,813        423,818           5,081       2,512,086


     Accumulated amortisation
       and impairment
     At 1 January 2023                  22,322               1        676,186               –            806         699,315
     Charge for the year                24,873               1        134,524               –          1,002         160,400


     At 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                   47,195               2        810,710               –          1,808         859,715
     Charge for the year                25,511               1        145,310               –          1,028         171,850


     At 31 December 2024                72,706               3        956,020               –          2,836       1,031,565


     Carrying amount
     At 31 December 2023               164,465               2        847,583        342,776           3,273       1,358,099


     At 31 December 2024               198,664               1        855,793        423,818           2,245       1,480,521


    Computer software was purchased by the Group and has finite useful life. The computer software is stated at
    cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its
    estimated useful life of not more than 10 years.


    Trademarks were acquired in a business combination and recognised at fair values at the acquisition date.
    Trademarks have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated
    on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of 10 years.


                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      21. Intangible assets (Continued)
              Patents have finite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 10 years.


              Development costs are internally generated. The development costs mainly represent staff costs, materials and
              utilities used in development of technologies for battery production. The estimated useful lives of these projects will
              be determined after completion based on the period of time to generate probable economic benefits. Development
              costs are amortised using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding
              10 years. The development costs of relevant technology would be transferred to patents if they can be successfully
              patented.


              The average remaining amortisation period (in years) for the Group’s intangible assets at end of reporting periods
              are:


                                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                                              (years)              (years)


              Computer software                                                                                  6.1                   6.7
              Trademarks                                                                                         0.9                   1.9
              Patents                                                                                            7.3                   7.9
              Others                                                                                             2.6                   3.6
              Development costs                                                                                  N/A                  N/A


              Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs) must be tested for impairment annually. At
              31 December 2024, Jiangsu Company CGU had certain development costs not yet available for use. The recoverable
              amount of the CGU was determined on the basis of its value-in-use using discounted cash flow method. The Group
              prepares Jiangsu Company CGU cash flow forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets approved by the
              Directors for the period up to year 2029 and with the residual period using growth rate of 0%. 2027 is the year that
              Jiangsu Company CGU expected to attain its effective capacity and stabilized operating efficiency.


              The Group has engaged independent external valuers to assist management to estimate the recoverable amount of
              CGU.


              The Jiangsu Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions:


              Key assumptions                                                                        2024                            2023


              Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual                             Gradually attaining             Gradually attaining
                 sales volume                                                       35 GWh in FY2027 and            34.1 GWh in FY2028
                                                                                  kept the same to FY2029


              Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment                          10.5%                           10.3%
                 of time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU


168   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




21. Intangible assets (Continued)
    The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
    remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts:


     Change in key assumptions                                                         2024                         2023


     Sales volume                                                     Expected annual sales        Expected annual sales
                                                                     volume reduced by 0.8        volume reduced by 1.0
                                                                    GWh for all years across     GWh for all years across
                                                                         the forecast period          the forecast period


     Discount rate (post-tax)                                      Increase of discount rate    Increase of discount rate
                                                                                    of 0.2%                      of 0.3%


    Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Jiangsu Company
    CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
    The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 2% (2023: 3%) as at
    end of reporting period.


22. Investments in subsidiaries
    The following table shows information on the subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
    Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.


     Name                                                                                      Chengdu Company
                                                                                                 2024               2023


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                         PRC                 PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                    49%/49%             49%/49%



                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                                  10,346,891            7,521,625
     Current assets                                                                        4,711,882           4,569,686
     Non-current liabilities                                                              (5,234,143)         (3,819,100)
     Current liabilities                                                                  (5,099,146)         (4,128,140)


     Net assets                                                                            4,725,484           4,144,071


     Accumulated NCI                                                                       2,315,487           2,030,595



                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                   6,743,486    3,955,576
              Cost of sales                                            (6,032,007)   (3,185,504)
              Gross profit                                               711,479       770,072
              Profit before tax                                          184,090       131,284
              Profit for the year                                        181,412       152,302
              Total comprehensive income                                 181,412       152,302


              Profit allocated to NCI                                     86,478          74,628


              Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities    1,469,930       (56,029)
              Net cash used in investing activities                    (3,377,754)   (1,283,820)
              Net cash generated from financing activities              2,225,064    1,244,206
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                        574            (305)


              Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       317,814        (95,948)



              Name                                                        Wuhan Company
                                                                            2024           2023


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation           PRC            PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI        49%/49%      49%/49%



                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                       12,765,346    9,560,776
              Current assets                                            5,475,214    3,937,937
              Non-current liabilities                                  (4,428,631)   (2,461,077)
              Current liabilities                                      (6,934,760)   (4,752,502)


              Net assets                                                6,877,169    6,285,134


              Accumulated NCI                                           3,269,853    2,828,795




170   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                6,552,940           3,134,839
     Cost of sales                                                         (5,363,666)         (2,326,641)
     Gross profit                                                           1,189,274             808,198
     Profit before tax                                                        296,101             162,982
     Profit for the year                                                      296,035             143,277
     Total comprehensive income                                               296,035             143,277


     Profit allocated to NCI                                                  143,159              70,206


     Net cash used in operating activities                                   (122,320)           (165,259)
     Net cash used in investing activities                                 (3,544,688)         (4,121,258)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                           3,509,104           4,511,113
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                    1,175                 (202)


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (156,729)            224,394



     Name                                                                      Hefei Company
                                                                                 2024                2023


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                         PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                70.61%/39.61%            80%/49%



                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                     8,400,693           6,780,345
     Current assets                                                         3,036,582           2,277,152
     Non-current liabilities                                               (3,952,559)         (3,046,730)
     Current liabilities                                                   (3,539,381)         (2,039,181)


     Net assets                                                             3,945,335           3,971,586


     Accumulated NCI                                                        3,005,476           3,007,270




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                3,227,777      2,509,323
              Cost of sales                                          (2,776,323)   (2,360,848)
              Gross profit                                             451,454       148,475
              Loss before tax                                           (54,157)     (217,697)
              Loss for the year                                         (26,252)     (164,658)
              Total comprehensive expense                               (26,252)     (164,658)


              Loss allocated to NCI                                     (14,521)     (131,727)


              Net cash used in operating activities                   (569,945)      (172,733)
              Net cash used in investing activities                  (1,148,371)   (1,952,242)
              Net cash generated from financing activities           2,092,611      2,167,011
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                    1,854            3,338


              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                376,149           45,374



              Name                                                      Fujian Company
                                                                          2024            2023


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation         PRC             PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI     49%/49%        49%/49%



                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                     2,958,692      2,405,988
              Current assets                                         3,545,032      3,228,382
              Non-current liabilities                                (1,370,198)     (968,970)
              Current liabilities                                    (2,509,985)   (2,091,425)


              Net assets                                             2,623,541      2,573,975


              Accumulated NCI                                        1,285,535      1,261,248




172   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                2,742,581           1,186,561
     Cost of sales                                                         (2,315,928)           (539,870)
     Gross profit                                                             426,653             646,691
     Profit before tax                                                         33,518              86,208
     Profit for the year                                                       49,567              72,553
     Total comprehensive income                                                49,567              72,553


     Profit allocated to NCI                                                   23,079              35,551


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                   420,302            (915,413)
     Net cash used in investing activities                                   (773,386)         (1,286,859)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                             989,742           1,118,337
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        37                 205


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                     636,695          (1,083,730)



     Name                                                                    Jiangmen Company
                                                                                 2024                2023


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                         PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                  36.3%/36.3%       36.3%/36.3%



                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                     6,241,772           4,876,210
     Current assets                                                         2,771,851           2,182,531
     Non-current liabilities                                               (2,080,818)         (1,019,550)
     Current liabilities                                                   (2,253,574)         (2,613,443)


     Net assets                                                             4,679,231           3,425,748


     Accumulated NCI                                                        1,702,742           1,278,776




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                            2024           2023
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                  3,536,076     1,880,934
              Cost of sales                                            (3,077,039)   (1,367,003)
              Gross profit                                               459,037       513,931
              Profit before tax                                          143,935       252,857
              Profit for the year                                        161,483       216,187
              Total comprehensive income                                 161,483       216,187


              Profit allocated to NCI                                     57,518       105,932


              Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities   (1,236,440)     316,870
              Net cash used in investing activities                    (1,219,732)   (3,006,738)
              Net cash generated from financing activities             2,258,556     2,272,692
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                         (16)         (564)


              Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                 (197,632)     (417,740)



              Name                                                       Sichuan Company
                                                                            2024           2023


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation           PRC           PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI       49%/49%       49%/49%



                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                       4,233,749     3,218,898
              Current assets                                           1,675,308     1,057,963
              Non-current liabilities                                   (848,278)     (244,713)
              Current liabilities                                      (2,217,948)   (1,236,217)


              Net assets                                               2,842,831     2,795,931


              Accumulated NCI                                          1,290,988     1,333,206




174   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




22. Investments in subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                1,599,827             669,618
     Cost of sales                                                         (1,606,283)           (610,856)
     Gross profit                                                               (6,456)            58,762
     Loss before tax                                                         (108,035)            (36,591)
     Loss for the year                                                        (86,160)            (22,124)
     Total comprehensive expense                                              (86,160)            (22,124)


     Loss allocated to NCI                                                    (43,283)            (10,841)


     Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                   (24,326)            108,454
     Net cash used in investing activities                                   (578,363)         (2,256,447)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                             449,976           2,346,798
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                       (18)                (53)


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                    (152,731)            198,752


23. Investments in associates

                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Unlisted investments:
     Share of net assets                                                       16,109              16,194




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      23. Investments in associates (Continued)
              Details of the Group’s associates are as follows:


                                           Place of                                                  Ownership
                                           incorporation Particulars of                                 interest
                                           and              registered           As at             attributable      Voting       Profit Principal
              Name                         operations       capital              31 December      to the Group       power      sharing activities


              凱博(湖北)私募基金                   The PRC          Registered           2023                       30%        30%         30% Private equity fund
                  管理有限公司 # Kaibo                              capital of         2024                       30%        30%         30%     management
                  (Hubei) Private                             RMB10,000,000
                  Equity Fund
                  Management Co., Ltd.*


              江蘇動力及儲能電                     The PRC          Registered           2023                       48%        48%         48% Engineering and
                  池創新中心有限公司                                   capital of         2024                       48%        48%         48%     technical research
                  Jiangsu Power and                           RMB30,000,000                                                                and experimental
                  Energy Storage                                                                                                           development
                  Battery Innovation
                  Center Co., Ltd.*


              四川甘眉新航新能源資                   The PRC          Registered           2023                       40%        40%         40% Research and
                  源有限責任公司                                     capital of         2024                       40%        40%         40%     development of
                  Sichuan Ganmei                              RMB800,000,000                                                               emerging energy
                  Xinhang New Energy                                                                                                       technology and
                  Resources Co., Ltd.*                                                                                                     Mineral washing
                                                                                                                                           and processing and
                                                                                                                                           the exploration of
                                                                                                                                           mineral resources


              *         The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.

              #         Formerly known as 凱博(海南)私募基金管理有限公司.



              All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.




176   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




23. Investments in associates (Continued)
    The following table shows, in aggregate, the Group’s share of the amounts of all individually immaterial associates
    that are accounted for using the equity method.


                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Carrying amounts of interests                                                          16,109              16,194



                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Loss for the year, net                                                                     (85)               (157)
     Other comprehensive income                                                                    –                   –


     Total comprehensive income                                                                 (85)               (157)


    The bank and cash balances of the Group’s associates in the PRC denominated in RMB amounted to RMB26,729,000
    (2023: RMB28,288,000). Conversion of the mentioned balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign
    currencies into RMB is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
    Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


24. Inventories

                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Raw materials                                                                         748,800           1,062,950
     Work in progress                                                                    2,495,694           3,335,106
     Finished goods                                                                      2,018,941           2,727,712


                                                                                         5,263,435           7,125,768




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024        177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      25. Trade and bills receivables

                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


              Trade receivables
              Receivables from third parties                                                           7,172,546           5,084,887
              Due from related parties (note 27)                                                          16,564             74,964
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                              (179,697)            (88,639)


                                                                                                       7,009,413           5,071,212
              Bills receivables                                                                        1,404,887           1,758,094


                                                                                                       8,414,300           6,829,306


              The credit terms, being granted to independent third parties, are generally within 90 days. Each customer has a
              maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain
              strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.


              The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date, and net of allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


              0 to 180 days                                                                            6,345,783           4,808,770
              181 to 365 days                                                                            299,671             70,292
              1 – 2 years                                                                                284,651            191,698
              Over 2 years                                                                                79,308                452


                                                                                                       7,009,413           5,071,212


              Reconciliation of allowance for trade receivables:


                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


              At 1 January                                                                                88,639             27,876
              Allowance for the year, net                                                                 91,058             60,763


              At 31 December                                                                             179,697             88,639



178   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




25. Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
    The fair values of trade and bills receivables of the Group approximated to their carrying amounts.


    Bills receivables mainly represent short-term bank acceptance bills receivables that entitle the Group to receive the
    full-face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 6 months from the date of issuance.
    Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills receivables. The Group from time to time endorses
    bank acceptance bills to suppliers in order to settle trade payables and discounts bank acceptance bills to banks in
    order to obtain working capital.


    The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amount on
    a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety.
    These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less than 6 months from the end of the reporting
    period. In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
    of these bills and has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure
    in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivables under the relevant PRC rules and regulations, should
    the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are
    of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is remote. The Group’s
    maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is same as the amount payable by the Group
    to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
    amounted to RMB1,831,848,000 (2023: RMB1,485,431,000).


    The Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and has derecognised
    these bank acceptance bills in their entirety. These discounted bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less
    than 6 months from the end of the Reporting Period. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred
    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and the Group has minimum exposure in respect
    of the settlement obligation of these bills under the commercial practice in the PRC, should the issuing banks fail
    to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality
    and chance of non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity date is remote. The Group’s maximum
    exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
    amounted to RMB8,981,927,000 (2023: RMB6,784,377,000).


    The Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills with recourse to banks. Since the risks and rewards of
    ownership had not been substantially transferred respectively, the discounted bills of RMB100,000,000 (2023:
    RMB658,426,000) were not derecognised.


    The Group entered into a trade receivable factoring arrangement and transferred certain trade receivables of
    RMB1,200,000,000 (2023: RMB1,700,000,000) to a bank without recourse. In the opinion of the Directors, the
    Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these receivables and the Group has
    minimum exposure in respect of the settlement obligation of these receivables under the commercial practice in the
    PRC. Thus, the Group derecognised these receivables subsequent to the transfer and the funds received.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      25. Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                   8,298,076         6,787,864
              USD                                                                                      98,828            30,011
              THB                                                                                      15,172                    –
              EUR                                                                                       2,224                3,374
              HKD                                                                                            –               8,057


                                                                                                    8,414,300         6,829,306


      26. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables

                                                                                                         2024                2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                          993,795         1,255,202
              Prepayments                                                                           1,703,276         1,321,990
              Other tax receivables                                                                 4,276,055         4,725,566
              Government grants and subsidies receivable                                            1,410,323         2,390,000
              Other deposits                                                                           40,367            54,800
              Other receivables                                                                        25,575            43,679


                                                                                                    8,449,391         9,791,237


              Analysed as:
              Non-current assets                                                                      993,795         1,255,202
              Current assets                                                                        7,455,596         8,536,035


                                                                                                    8,449,391         9,791,237




180   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




26. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Continued)
    Reconciliation of allowances for prepayments, deposits and other receivables:


                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                                           6,956                7,836
    Allowance/(reversal of allowance) for the year                                        40,987                 (880)


    At 31 December                                                                        47,943                6,956


    The carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are denominated in the following
    currencies:


                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    RMB                                                                                8,153,734           9,426,998
    JPY                                                                                  251,913             362,771
    EUR                                                                                   36,446                  732
    THB                                                                                    5,068                     –
    HKD                                                                                    2,230                  736


                                                                                       8,449,391           9,791,237




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024        181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      27. Balances with related parties

                                                                                                                               2024                    2023
                                                                                                      Note                RMB’000               RMB’000


              Trade receivables
                  － 中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology
                      (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (“Luoyang Company”)                                          25                  16,564                 74,964


              Amounts due from related parties
              Trade-related:
                  – Luoyang Company                                                                    (iii)               201,399                232,568
              Non-trade related:
                  － 常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering
                      Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)                                                                 –                    17


                                                                                                                           201,399                232,585
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                                          –                     –


                                                                                                                           201,399                232,585


              Trade payables
                  － 常州江環能源科技有限公司 Changzhou Jianghuan Energy
                      Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Jianghuan Energy”)                                                              1,607                       –
                  – Luoyang Company                                                                                                 –                   230
                                                                                                        30                    1,607                     230


              Amounts due to related parties
              Non-trade related:
                  – 江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Construction
                      Project Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                                                 17,844                425,560
                  – Luoyang Company                                                                                           9,266                       –
                  – Huake Engineering                                                                                           140                     140


                                                                                                                            27,250                425,700


              Total amounts due to related parties                                                                          27,250                425,700
              Less: Amounts due to related parties – current portion                                                        (27,250)             (425,700)


              Total amount due to related parties
                  – non-current portion                                                                                             –                     –


              *       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.




182   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




27. Balances with related parties (Continued)
    Notes:

    (i)      The trade-related outstanding balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable within credit term of
             180 days.

    (ii)     The non-trade related balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.

    (iii)    The balance represents the prepayment for the purchase of goods in accordance with the contractual term.



28. Other financial asset
    (a)      Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


              Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (i)                                         54,963               38,750
              Investment in unlisted debt instruments, at fair value (ii)                                     243,528               149,414
              A wealth management investment, at fair value (iii)                                             180,627                       –


                                                                                                              479,118               188,164


              Analysed as:
              Current assets                                                                                  235,590                38,750
              Non-current assets                                                                              243,528               149,414


                                                                                                              479,118               188,164


             (i)     The Group invested RMB100 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Shenzhen
                     Stock Exchange and owned approximately 0.5% equity interests in the company. The fair value of the
                     investment is based on current bid price.


             (ii)    The Group invested RMB149.5 million in a limited liability partnership (“LLP”) set up in the PRC and
                     being a limited partner. The investment period for LLP is six years and can be extended by one year
                     if all partners agree. Such investment is a debt instrument, and the fair value of such investment is
                     based on the net assets value of LLP.


                     The Group invested totally RMB82.3 million in two LLPs set up in the PRC and being a limited
                     partner. The investment period for LLPs is five years and ten years respectively and can be extended
                     by two years if all partners agree. Such investments are debt instruments, and the fair value of such
                     investments is based on the net assets value of LLPs.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024         183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      28. Other financial asset (Continued)
              (a)     Financial assets at FVTPL (Continued)
                      (iii)   The Group invested in a private fund incorporated in Singapore. The principals of investment were not
                              guaranteed by the fund under normal circumstances. Such investment is held for trading in a short-
                              term period and the fair value of such investment is based on the net assets value of the fund.


                      The carrying amount of the above financial assets are mandatorily measured at FVTPL in accordance with IFRS
                      9.


                      The investment in a listed equity security offers the Group’s the opportunity for return through dividend
                      income and fair value gains. It has no fixed maturity or coupon rate.


                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                    2024                        2023
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000


                      RMB                                                                        298,491                  188,164
                      USD                                                                        180,627                           –


                                                                                                 479,118                  188,164




184   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




28. Other financial asset (Continued)
    (b)   Financial assets at FVTOCI

                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Certificate of deposit (i)                                                      1,598,926             104,926
           Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (ii)                         98,164             193,060
           Investment in unlisted equity securities, at fair value (iii)                     487,460             296,793


                                                                                           2,184,550             594,779


           Analysed as:
           Current assets                                                                  1,598,926             104,926
           Non-current assets                                                                585,624             489,853


                                                                                           2,184,550             594,779


          (i)     The Group invested in “6-month to 3-year certificate of deposit” offered by bank with the terms that
                  the Group could not withdraw the deposits in advance but could sell them to others. The annual
                  interest rates are fixed in the range of 1.55% p.a. to 3.45% p.a. (2023: 3.15% p.a. to 3.79% p.a.).
                  As the Group managed the above financial product with the objective of both the collection of
                  contractual cash flows and sale, it was recognised as financial assets at FVTOCI in the consolidated
                  financial statements.


          (ii)    The Group invested approximately HKD392.5 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and dually
                  listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
                  owned approximately 0.3% equity interests in the company. Such investment is not held for trading
                  and the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. It is a
                  strategic investment, and the Group considers this classification to be more relevant.


          (iii)   The Group invested HKD360 million in a limited partnership fund (“LPF”) set up in Hong Kong. The
                  investment period for the LPF is indefinite. Such investment is not held for trading and the Group
                  has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. The fair value of such
                  investment is based on the net assets value of the LPF.


                  The Group invested US$25 million in a private company incorporated in Singapore. Such investment
                  is not held for trading and the Group has irrevocably elected at initial reconciliation to recognise in
                  this category. The fair value of such investment is based on the price change model valued by a third-
                  party valuer.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      28. Other financial asset (Continued)
              (b)     Financial assets at FVTOCI (Continued)
                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets at FVTOCI are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


                      RMB                                                                           1,598,926           104,926
                      HKD                                                                             405,687           489,853
                      USD                                                                             179,937                  –


                                                                                                    2,184,550           594,779


      29. Pledged bank deposits, restricted bank balances and bank and cash balance
              (a)     Pledged bank deposits
                      The Group’s pledged bank deposits represented deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities
                      granted to the Group for issuance of bank acceptance bills, letter of guarantee and letter of credit. The
                      amounts were denominated in RMB and EUR.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


              (b)     Restricted bank balances
                      The Group’s restricted bank balances mainly represented bank balances restricted for the Group’s daily
                      operation. The amount was denominated in RMB and EUR.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.




186   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2024




29. Pledged bank deposits, restricted bank balances and bank and cash balance
    (Continued)
    (c)    Bank and cash balances
           Bank and cash balances of the Group are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


            RMB                                                                        8,453,354           6,724,609
            USD                                                                          337,295             350,036
            HKD                                                                           49,877              60,944
            EUR                                                                          211,247             698,373
            THB                                                                               6,508                  –
            AUD                                                                                272                   –


                                                                                       9,058,553           7,833,962


           Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
           is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
           Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


30. Trade and bills payables

                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    Trade payables
    Payables to third parties                                                          7,947,258           8,233,408
    Due to related parties (note 27)                                                          1,607               230
    Bills payables                                                                    11,537,671         11,725,221


                                                                                      19,486,536         19,958,859


    Bills payables were secured by bills receivables of RMB14,000 (2023: RMB295,713,000) and pledged bank deposits
    of RMB3,315,497,000 (2023: RMB938,539,000) (note 29(a)).




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024       187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      30. Trade and bills payables (Continued)
              The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods is as follows:


                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              0 to 180 days                                                                          7,922,962       8,215,702
              181 – 365 days                                                                               22,907          17,928
              1 – 2 years                                                                                   2,996              8


                                                                                                     7,948,865       8,233,638


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                   19,485,130      19,955,742
              EUR                                                                                           1,406           3,110
              USD                                                                                               –              7


                                                                                                    19,486,536      19,958,859


      31. Accruals and other payables

                                                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Deposits received                                                                        437,659            391,781
              Accrued salaries                                                                         242,210            263,953
              Accrued expenses                                                                         368,455            302,905
              Funds advanced from government related entities                                                502           11,946
              Payable for property, plant and equipment                                              5,600,010       6,410,695
              Other tax payables                                                                           72,083          56,793
              Other payables                                                                               59,042          75,630


                                                                                                     6,779,961       7,513,703




188   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




31. Accruals and other payables (Continued)
    The carrying amounts of the Group’s accruals and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                6,688,901           7,471,461
     JPY                                                                                   50,082              41,938
     THB                                                                                   26,395                     –
     HKD                                                                                       321                 191
     EUR                                                                                   14,241                   84
     SGD                                                                                        21                  29


                                                                                        6,779,961           7,513,703


32. Contract liabilities
    Contract liabilities are mainly advance payments from customers. The amounts are expected to be recognised as
    revenue within 1 year from the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


    Billings in advance of performance obligation
      – arising from sales of products                                                    141,294             616,955


    Movements in contract liabilities:


                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     Balance at beginning of year                                                         616,955             490,532
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in advance of sales         141,294             616,955
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during
       the year                                                                          (616,955)           (490,532)


     Balance at end of year                                                               141,294             616,955




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024        189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      33. Deferred income

                                                                                                            2024             2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


              Government grants                                                                          297,907        192,846


              Analysed as:
              Non-current liabilities                                                                    297,907        192,846


              Government grants received for which related activities/expenditure have not yet been undertaken/incurred are
              included in deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position.


              Government grants related to assets are deducted from cost of related non-current assets (note 19) and are
              recognised in profit or loss over the life of the depreciable assets as a reduced depreciation expense.


      34. Lease liabilities

                                                                               Minimum                Present value of minimum
                                                                           lease payments                   lease payments
                                                                             2024             2023            2024           2023
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


              Within one year                                              34,872           20,539          31,463       17,036
              In the second to fifth years, inclusive                      74,857           73,095          69,137       65,765


                                                                          109,729           93,634         100,600       82,801
              Less: Future finance charges                                  (9,129)        (10,833)            N/A            N/A


              Present value of lease obligations                          100,600           82,801         100,600       82,801


              Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months
                      (shown under current liabilities)                                                    (31,463)      (17,036)


              Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                                     69,137       65,765


              The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 4.65% (2023: 4.75%).




190   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




34. Lease liabilities (Continued)
    The carrying amount of the Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                  78,949                  82,801
     HKD                                                                                    7,954                        –
     THB                                                                                  13,697                         –


                                                                                         100,600                  82,801


35. Bank borrowings

                                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Bank loans                                                                       45,890,817             29,170,734
     Bank loans – supplier finance arrangements (note 35(f))                             225,563                         –


                                                                                      46,116,380             29,170,734


    (a)    The analysis of the repayment schedule of borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


            Within one year                                                               18,960,089           8,114,805
            More than one year, but not exceeding two years                                5,545,273           3,396,200
            More than two years, but not more than five years                             17,532,054         15,216,960
            More than five years                                                           4,078,964           2,442,769


                                                                                          46,116,380         29,170,734




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024        191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      35. Bank borrowings (Continued)
              (b)     The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in RMB.
              (c)     The average interest rates of the Group’s bank borrowings at 31 December were as
                      follows:

                                                                                                     2024                  2023


                      Bank loans                                                                    3.17%                3.77%
                      Bank loans – supplier finance arrangements                                       N/a                   N/a


                      Bank borrowings of RMB1,690,010,000 (2023: RMB1,771,688,000) are arranged at fixed interest rates
                      and expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. Other borrowings are arranged at floating rates, thus
                      exposing the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.


              (d)     The details of pledged assets and collaterals to the Group’s bank borrowings are as
                      follows:
                      Bank loans of RMB28,456,572,000 (2023: RMB19,389,102,000) are secured by the Group’s property, plant
                      and equipment of RMB9,614,624,000 (2023: RMB3,346,163,000) (note 19) and right-of-use assets of
                      RMB819,876,000 (2023: RMB739,773,000) (note 20).


              (e)     The details of loan covenants of the Group’s bank borrowing are as follows:
                      Certain Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants. Some of those relating to the
                      Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly found in lending arrangements
                      with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the related borrowings would become
                      payable on demand.


                      The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the year ended 31
                      December 2024. Further details of the covenants and the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out in
                      note 6(c).




192   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2024




35. Bank borrowings (Continued)
    (f)   Bank loans arising from supplier finance arrangements:
          The Group has entered into certain reverse factoring arrangements with banks, under which the Group
          obtained extended credit in respect of the invoice amounts owned to certain suppliers.


          Under these arrangements, the bank pay suppliers the amounts owed by the Group on the original due
          dates, which are normally 30 to 90 days after the invoice date for the comparable trade payables that are
          not part of the supplier finance arrangement within the same business line. The Group then settles with the
          banks between 180 to 210 days after the original due dates with suppliers, with interest.


          In the consolidated financial statement of financial position, the Group has presented the payables to the
          banks under these arrangements as “bank borrowings”, in view of the nature and function of such liabilities
          when compared with the Group’s trade payables. As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of financial
          liabilities under these arrangements amounted to RMB225,563,000 of which suppliers have received
          payments from the banks.


          In the consolidated statement of cash flows, payments to the banks are included within financing cash
          flows based on the nature of the arrangements, and payments to the suppliers by the bank amounting to
          RMB225,563,000 are non-cash transactions.


    (g)   Capital and liability management:
          Saved as disclosed in share capital (note 40), the Group also monitors capital and liability management by
          using the liability-to-asset ratio (i.e. total liabilities divided by total assets). The liability-to-asset ratio of the
          Group as at 31 December 2024 was 60.8% (2023: 56.0%).




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024        193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      36. Provisions

                                                                          Warranties            Litigations               Others                 Total
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                              (note a)             (note b)


               At 1 January 2023                                              500,186                  8,640                     –            508,826
               Reversal                                                                –              (8,400)                    –              (8,400)
               Additional provisions                                          515,382                       –             23,758              539,140
               Provisions used                                                 (45,602)                     –                    –            (45,602)


               At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                         969,966                    240              23,758              993,964
               Additional provisions                                          529,026                  7,915                     –            536,941
               Provisions used                                                (105,128)                     –                    –           (105,128)


               At 31 December 2024                                          1,393,864                  8,155              23,758           1,425,777


               Analysed as:
               Current liabilities                                              90,747                 8,155              23,758              122,660
               Non-current liabilities                                      1,303,117                       –                    –         1,303,117


                                                                            1,393,864                  8,155              23,758           1,425,777


              (a)     A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products are sold. Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements,
                      the Group will rectify any product defects arising within predominantly 3 to 8 years from the date of sale. Provision is therefore
                      made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under these agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
                      warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical warranty data and a
                      weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

              (b)     As further set out in note 44(b), the Group has received civil judgements from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court regarding the Claims
                      related to Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV during November 2022 to February 2023. After assessment, the Directors estimate that
                      the probable total compensation amount for the Claims related to Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV, if any, was RMB8,640,000. A
                      provision of the same amount was provided as at 31 December 2022.

                      The Company received the civil rulings from the Supreme Court in December 2023 regarding the litigations related to Patent I and
                      Patent IV, in which the Supreme Court had revoked the civil indictments from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court and the rulings were
                      final. Accordingly, the Group has reversed the relevant provision of RMB8,400,000 during the year ended 31 December 2023. The
                      remaining provision of RMB240,000 as at 31 December 2023 was related to litigation of Patent III.

                      The Group has received civil judgements from the Fuzhou Higher Court regarding the Claims related to Patent II and Patent VI during
                      May to October 2024. The civil judgements are the first instance judgement, instead of the final effective judgement. The Group will
                      appeal against the first instance judgements to the Supreme Court and the Group is not required to pay the compensation amounts
                      in the first instance judgement at present. The analysis and views of the Company’s external legal advisors indicating that the
                      compensation amounts under the first instance judgements of Patent II and Patent VI are excessive. After assessment, the Directors
                      estimate that the probable total compensation amount for the Claims related to Patent II and Patent VI, if any, was RMB7,915,000.
                      A provision of the same amount was provided as at 31 December 2024.




194   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




37. Deferred tax
    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted off when the taxes relate to the same tax authority and where offsetting
    is legally enforceable. The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown separately on the
    consolidated statement of financial position:


                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Deferred tax assets                                                                       793,450             568,099
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    (8,705)           (11,948)


                                                                                              784,745             556,151


    The gross movement on the deferred tax account is as follows:


                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


    Balance at 1 January                                                                      556,151             471,712
    Credited to profit or loss (note 13)                                                      213,540              78,210
    Credited to other comprehensive income                                                     15,054                6,229


    Balance at 31 December                                                                    784,745             556,151


    Deferred tax liabilities (prior to offset)

                                                               Accelerated               Right-of-
                                                               depreciation             use assets                   Total
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000                 RMB’000


    At 1 January 2023                                               110,668                 16,609                127,277
    (Credit)/charge to profit or loss for the year
      (note 13)                                                        4,190                (5,290)                 (1,100)


    At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                          114,858                 11,319                126,177
    (Credit)/charge to profit or loss for the year
      (note 13)                                                     113,952                 (2,803)               111,149


    At 31 December 2024                                             228,810                  8,516                237,326




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      37. Deferred tax (Continued)
              Deferred tax assets (prior to offset)

                                                                             Allowance
                                                               Allowance       on trade    Deferred                     Lease
                                                  Tax losses on inventory    receivables    income     Provisions   liabilities    Others       Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000   RMB’000


              At 1 January 2023                    233,347         48,541         4,207     152,580      108,380       16,931      35,003    598,989
              (Charge)/credit to profit or loss
                for the year (note 13)              43,463         36,139         9,216     (99,833)      79,147       (5,251)     14,229     77,110
              Credit to other comprehensive
                income for the year                      –              –             –           –            –             –      6,229      6,229


              At 31 December 2023 and
                1 January 2024                     276,810         84,680        13,423      52,747      187,527       11,680      55,461    682,328
              (Charge)/credit to profit or loss
                for the year (note 13)             294,851        (48,850)       13,531     (16,597)      76,634       (1,865)      6,985    324,689
              Credit to other comprehensive
                income for the year                      –              –             –           –            –             –     15,054     15,054


              At 31 December 2024                  571,661         35,830        26,954      36,150      264,161        9,815      77,500   1,022,071


              As at 31 December 2024, deferred tax asset of RMB571,661,000 (2023: RMB276,810,000) was recognised in
              respect of unused tax losses of RMB3,490,156,000 (2023: RMB1,595,741,000). According to financial forecast,
              the Directors have exercised their judgement to assess that there will be sufficient future taxable profits available
              to offset against the unused tax losses. These tax losses are expected to expire after 5 to 10 years from the year of
              assessment they related to.


              No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of tax losses amounted to RMB1,158,514,000 (2023:
              RMB1,065,193,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.


      38. Financial guarantees
              The Company has provided guarantees in respect of bank loans and banking facilities granted to the Company’s
              subsidiaries. Pursuant to the terms of guarantees, if there are any defaults on the loans or similar balances, the
              Company is responsible to repay the outstanding principal together with accrued interests and other costs owed by
              the defaulting subsidiaries to the banks.


              The maximum potential liability of the Company at 31 December 2024 in respect of the amount of bank loans
              drawn and other banking facilities utilised by the subsidiaries under the guarantees at that date is approximately
              RMB880 million (2023: RMB885 million).




196   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2024




38. Financial guarantees (Continued)
    The Company also has provided guarantees in respect of finance lease agreements entered into by the subsidiaries
    of the investee companies measured at FVTPL. Pursuant to the terms of guarantees, if there are any defaults on the
    finance lease, the Company is responsible to repay the outstanding principal together with accrued interests and
    other costs owed by the defaulting investees to the lessors.


    The maximum potential liability of the Company at 31 December 2024 in respect of the amount of finance lease
    agreements entered into by the investees under the guarantees at that date is approximately RMB230 million (2023:
    Nil).


39. Share-based payments
    2019 Share-based Payments
    During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company approved and adopted a share incentive scheme (“2019
    Share Incentive Scheme”) involving 6 senior management, namely, Ms. Liu Jingyu, Dr. Pan Fangfang, Mr. Dai Ying,
    Mr. Geng Yan’an, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang and Mr. He Fan (collectively, the “Six Senior Management”). The purposes
    of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme are to stimulate the enthusiasm and creativity of the Six Senior Management,
    enhance their sense of responsibility and mission of achieving the Company’s long-term sustainable and healthy
    development, and ensure the realization of the Company’s strategic goals.


    The Six Senior Management have formed a limited company, Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment (“Share Incentive
    Vehicle”). A limited partnership company, Lihang Jinzhi (“Partnership”) was formed, and the Share Incentive
    Vehicle and a related entity of a government shareholder of the Company (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”)
    were required to contribute RMB10 million and RMB1,500 million, respectively, to the Partnership. After that, the
    Partnership has subscribed for registered capital of the Company.


    The Partnership has a prescribed operation period of 10 years, and all investment proceeds of it (after deducting
    expenses and tax), including all distribution, interest and dividend from the Company will be distributed to the Share
    Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment in the following manner:


    (a)     Distribute to the Share Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment proportionally to their capital
            contribution of the Partnership until they fully recover their capital contributions to it;


    (b)     Any investment proceeds in excess of (a) above will be firstly distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment
            in an amount that represent 6% annual return to its capital contribution to the Partnership;


    (c)     2 years after all legal and regulatory requirements for freely disposing the Partnership’s equity interest in the
            Company are fulfilled, and after the distributions in (a) and (b) above, the Partnership shall dispose of all its
            equity interest in the Company. 20% of the net proceeds from the disposal will be distributed to the Share
            Incentive Vehicle and the remaining 80% will be distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024        197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      39. Share-based payments (Continued)
              2019 Share-based Payments (Continued)
              The manner of distribution above enables the Six Senior Management to receive possible future cash proceeds,
              through the Share Incentive Vehicle, that are disproportionate to their share of capital injections into the Partnership
              and the amount of such future cash proceeds to be received by the Share Incentive Vehicle will depend on many
              factors including future price of the Company’s equity, vesting date and other factors.


              The awards of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have been accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment.
              The management estimate the fair value of the awards and the length of the vesting period at grant date. The date
              of vesting will need to be re-estimated at each reporting date. The share-based payment expense will be recognised
              over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity of the consolidated statement of financial position as a
              capital contribution from government shareholder of the Company.


              Independent professional valuer was engaged to assist the management to determine the grant date fair value of
              the awards by binomial tree method with the following assumptions and inputs:


              Vesting date initially estimated                                                                 30 July 2027
              Price per each registered capital of the Company                                                 RMB1.02
              Risk free rate                                                                                   3.69%
              Dividend yield                                                                                   Nil
              Estimated volatility of return of the Company’s equity                                           53.72%


              The fair value of the awards at grant date is estimated to be approximately RMB163 million. The following table set
              out the estimated vesting date adopted at each reporting date and the share-based payment expense charged to the
              consolidated profit and loss of the Group.


                                                                                                                       Share-based
                                                                                                                          payment
                                                                                                                           expense
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


              For the year ended 31 December 2024                                                                             23,599
              For the year ended 31 December 2023                                                                             40,631


              2024 Share-based Payments
              In 2024, senior management of the Company purchased approximately 1,125,000 domestic shares at a
              consideration of RMB10.95 per share from the 2020 Employee Shareholding Platforms. Since the purchase price was
              lower than the market price when the transactions occurred, the unidentifiable consideration (i.e. the difference
              between the market price and the purchase price) shall be accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment. The
              unidentifiable consideration of approximately RMB2,551,000 was recognised in profit or loss during the year.




198   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




40. Share capital

                                                                 2024                                  2023
                                                       Number of                           Number of
     Registered and paid-in capital:                       Shares           Amount              Shares              Amount
                                                                           RMB’000                                 RMB’000


     Ordinary shares of RMB1 each                  1,772,301,858          1,772,302     1,772,301,858            1,772,302



                                                                 2024                                  2023
                                                         Number      Nominal value            Number       Nominal value
     Class and structure of shares:                     of Shares         per share          of Shares             per share
                                                                               RMB                                     RMB


     Domestic shares                               1,160,633,753                   1    1,506,456,558                      1
     H-shares                                         611,668,105                  1      265,845,300                      1


     At end of the year                            1,772,301,858                        1,772,301,858


    During the year, domestic shares of 345,822,805 (equivalent to share capital of RMB345,823,000) were converted
    into H-shares of 345,822,805 (equivalent to share capital of RMB345,823,000). The conversion did not change the
    total number of shares and total share capital.


    The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
    and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.


    The Group sets the amount of capital in proportion to risk. The Group manages the capital structure and makes
    adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the payment of dividends, issue new
    shares, buy-back shares, raise new debts, redeem existing debts or sell assets to reduce debts.


    The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-equity ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
    total equity including non-controlling interests. Net debt includes amounts due to related parties (non-trade nature),
    lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank borrowings and financial guarantee, less cash and cash equivalents.


    The Group adopted a policy of keeping a higher but manageable debt-to-equity ratio. The policy aims to meet
    the increased liquidity needs of its ongoing operations and to ensure the timely completion of its new production
    facilities.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      40. Share capital (Continued)
              The debt-to-equity ratio at the end of reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


              Amounts due to related parties (non-trade in nature)                                      27,250            425,700
              Lease liabilities                                                                        100,600             82,801
              Bank borrowings                                                                      46,116,380         29,170,734
              Financial guarantee                                                                       34,563                  –


                                                                                                   46,278,793         29,679,235
              Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                       (9,058,553)       (7,833,962)


              Net debt                                                                             37,220,240         21,845,273


              Total equity including non-controlling interests                                     48,053,925         46,385,790


              Debt-to-equity ratio                                                                      77.5%              47.1%


              The increase in the debt-to-equity ratio during 2024 resulted primarily from increase of bank borrowings.


              The externally imposed capital requirements for the Group are: (i) in order to maintain its listing on the Stock
              Exchange, the minimum public float of the H-shares of the Company shall be the higher of 13.08% of the total
              issued share capital of the Company, and the percentage of H-shares held by public immediately following the
              completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option; and (ii) to meet financial covenants
              attached to the interest-bearing borrowings.




200   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
    (a)   Statement of financial position of the Company

                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


          Non-current assets
          Property, plant and equipment                                         9,142              13,520
          Right-of-use assets                                                  18,077              17,634
          Intangible assets                                                   274,080             280,467
          Investments in subsidiaries                                      26,647,894          25,608,922
          Investments in an associate                                           9,602               9,463
          Other financial assets                                              521,629             342,474
          Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment      252,236             368,522
          Deferred tax assets                                                 150,211             114,395


                                                                           27,882,871          26,755,397


          Current assets
          Inventories                                                          25,751             243,106
          Trade and bills receivables                                      21,633,598          18,890,189
          Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       1,425,839           1,167,587
          Amounts due from related parties                                  2,322,885           3,133,639
          Other financial assets                                            1,399,369              38,750
          Pledged bank deposits                                             1,039,013             698,673
          Restricted bank balances                                                252                 252
          Bank and cash balances                                            4,329,938           4,882,758


                                                                           32,176,645          29,054,954


          Current liabilities
          Trade and bills payables                                         20,372,851          16,525,032
          Accruals and other payables                                         470,969             370,664
          Contract liabilities                                                138,375             614,903
          Amounts due to related parties                                      265,246             474,677
          Lease liabilities                                                       450                 451
          Bank borrowings                                                   3,163,980           2,347,955
          Provisions                                                            9,324             144,159
          Financial guarantees                                                 52,730              18,189


                                                                           24,473,925          20,496,030


          Net current assets                                                 7,702,720           8,558,924


          Total assets less current liabilities                            35,585,591          35,314,321




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024        201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
          (Continued)
              (a)     Statement of financial position of the Company (Continued)

                                                                                                       2024        2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000     RMB’000


                      Non-current liabilities
                      Deferred income                                                                 4,277        2,606
                      Lease liabilities                                                                 747            –
                      Provisions                                                                    128,539            –
                      Bank borrowings                                                             1,382,500    1,200,000


                                                                                                  1,516,063    1,202,606


                      NET ASSETS                                                                 34,069,528   34,111,715


                      Capital and reserves
                      Share capital                                                               1,772,302    1,772,302
                      Reserves                                                                   32,297,226   32,339,413


                      TOTAL EQUITY                                                               34,069,528   34,111,715


                      Approved by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                            LIU Jingyu                                          DAI Ying




202   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




41. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
    (Continued)
    (b)   Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                               Contribution                           Financial
                                                                  Capital               from         Put option       assets at      Retained
                                                                  reserve       shareholder             reserve FVTOCI reserve        earnings          Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


          At 1 January 2023                                 32,453,281                 98,980          (261,157)       (85,778)        45,712      32,251,038


          Total comprehensive income for the year                       –                   –                 –        (35,303)       119,831         84,528
          Share-based payments (note 39)                                –              40,631                 –                –              –       40,631
          Share issue expenses                                    (36,784)                  –                 –                –              –       (36,784)


          Changes in equity for the year                          (36,784)             40,631                 –        (35,303)       119,831         88,375


          At 31 December 2023                               32,416,497             139,611             (261,157)      (121,081)       165,543      32,339,413



                                                                     Contribution                                  Financial
                                                       Capital                  from            Put option         assets at       Retained
                                                       reserve        shareholder                  reserve FVTOCI reserve          earnings            Total
                                                     RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


          At 1 January 2024                         32,416,497               139,611              (261,157)        (121,081)        165,543       32,339,413


          Total comprehensive income for the year            –                     –                     –          (80,662)         12,325          (68,337)
          Share-based payments (note 39)                     –                26,150                     –                 –              –          26,150


          Changes in equity for the year                     –                26,150                     –          (80,662)         12,325          (42,187)


          At 31 December 2024                       32,416,497               165,761              (261,157)        (201,743)        177,868       32,297,226




                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024            203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      42. Reserves
              (a)     The Group
                      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated statements of
                      profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statements of changes in equity.


              (b)     Nature and purpose of reserves
                     (i)     Capital reserve
                              Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and may
                              be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new shares to
                              shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares
                              currently held by the shareholders.


                     (ii)    Merger reserve
                              Merger reserve represents the difference of consideration paid and the carrying amount of net assets
                              acquired in a combination under common control.


                     (iii)   Safety production fund
                              Pursuant to certain regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
                              Work Safety, the Group is required to set aside from profit after tax an amount to a legal reserve at
                              different rates ranging from 0.05% to 2.35% of the total revenue recognised for the previous year.
                              The reserve can be utilised for improvements of safety on the manufacturing work, and the amounts
                              are generally expenses in nature and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as
                              incurred, and at the same time the corresponding amounts of safety reserve fund were utilised and
                              transferred back to retained profits until such special reserve was fully utilised.


                     (iv)    Contribution from shareholder
                              The share-based payments as set out in note 39 are credited as contribution from shareholder.


                     (v)     Exchange reserve
                              The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                              financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with accounting
                              policies set out in note 4(f) to the consolidated financial statements.




204   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2024




42. Reserves (Continued)
    (b)   Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)
          (vi)   Put Option reserve
                 The Company has entered into investment agreements with non-controlling shareholders of its
                 subsidiaries, granting them the put option to request the repurchase of their equity interests within
                 specified periods at predetermined prices (“Written Put Options”). These Written Put Options have
                 been recognised as financial liabilities with a corresponding debit entry to equity under reserve.
                 According to the investment agreements, if the Company completes a listing of the Company’s shares
                 on any domestic or foreign stock exchange, the Written Put Options will lapse automatically and at
                 that time the related liabilities would be transferred to equity of the Company.


                 On 6 October 2022, the Company completed its Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) on the Main Board of
                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Upon the Listing, the financial liabilities of Written Put
                 Options have been automatically converted into equity of the Company.


          (vii) Financial assets at FVTOCI reserve
                 The financial assets at FVTOCI reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                 financial assets at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in accordance with
                 the accounting policy in note 4(n) to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024        205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      43. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows
              (a)     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
                      and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
                      future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
                      financing activities.


                                                                                                                Payments to
                                                                                                                 suppliers by
                                                                                                   Interest the bank under          Effect of
                                                        1 January        Cash     Inception       expenses supplier finance             lease      31 December
                                                            2024         flows    of leases       (note 12)     arrangement      modification             2024
                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Lease liabilities (note 34)         82,801        (8,420)     26,478           3,860                  –          (4,119)         100,600
                      Bank borrowing (note 35)         29,170,734   15,492,351            –       1,227,732           225,563               –        46,116,380


                                                       29,253,535   15,483,931      26,478        1,231,592           225,563          (4,119)       46,216,980



                                                                                                         Interest
                                                     1 January            Cash      Inception           expenses         Effect of lease         31 December
                                                          2023           flows       of leases          (note 12)          modification                  2023
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000                 RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Lease liabilities (note 34)     116,417          (23,727)          5,487                4,691              (20,067)             82,801
                      Bank borrowing (note 35)      17,707,476      10,496,771                –          966,487                        –         29,170,734


                                                    17,823,893      10,473,044           5,487           971,178                 (20,067)         29,253,535




206   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2024




43. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows (Continued)
    (b)   Total cash outflow for leases
          Amounts included in the consolidated statements of cash flows for leases comprise the following:


                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


          Within operating cash flows                                                      67,654             160,873
          Within investing cash flows                                                             –           246,389
          Within financing cash flows                                                       4,560              19,036


                                                                                           72,214             426,298


          These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


          Lease rental paid                                                                72,214             179,909
          Payments for right-of-use assets                                                        –           246,389


                                                                                           72,214             426,298




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024        207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. Contingent liabilities
              (a)     The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables, discounted
                      certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and entered into factoring arrangement
                      to transfer trade receivables to a bank without recourse. These outstanding endorsed bank acceptance bills,
                      discounted bank acceptance bills and factored trade receivables are generally with maturities no more than
                      6 months. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards
                      relating to these instruments, the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in
                      accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of these instruments
                      is low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks or enterprises. As a result, the
                      relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated financial statements. The maximum
                      exposure to the Group that may result from the default of these endorsed, discounted and factored
                      instruments at 31 December are as follows:


                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Endorsed or discounted bills                                                 10,813,775          8,269,808
                      Factored trade receivables                                                     1,200,000         1,700,000


                                                                                                   12,013,775          9,969,808




208   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Contingent liabilities (Continued)
    (b)   During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
          property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
          the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
          Luoyang Company is also a joint defendant in the Claim related to Patent II.


          During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
          VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
          Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.


          The Company received the respective first-instance judgements for the claims of Patent I, Patent III and
          Patent IV delivered by Fuzhou Intermediate Court between November 2022 and February 2023. After due
          consideration, the Company made a total provision of RMB8.64 million for the claims of Patent I, Patent III
          and Patent IV based on the assessment result of the compensation amounts of the internal legal counsel and
          external legal counsel by the end of 2022.


          In December 2023, the Supreme Court has revoked the civil indictments from Fuzhou Intermediate Court
          regarding claims of Patent I and Patent IV. As a result, the Company has reversed the provision of RMB8.40
          million related to claims of Patent I and Patent IV by the end of 2023. Details are set out in note 36 to the
          consolidated financial statements.


          Regarding Claim of Patent III, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
          in November 2022 and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease selling
          products infringing the relevant patent from the date on which the judgement takes effect, (2) the Company
          shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB2.63 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.20 million
          within 15 days from the date on which the judgement takes effect, (3) the Company to pay RMB0.13 million
          fees for the temporary protection period for the relevant patent within 15 days from the date on which
          the judgement takes effect, and (4) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the
          Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. The litigation has no significant progress during the
          year ended 31 December 2024, hence the Directors determined to maintain the provision of RMB0.24 million
          for Claim of Patent III as at 31 December 2024. Details are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
          statements.


          During May 2024, the Company received a civil judgement from the Higher People’s Court of Fujian Province
          regarding the Claim related to Patent II and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company and Luoyang
          Company shall immediately cease using, selling or offering to sell products infringing the relevant patent
          from the date on which the judgement takes effect; (2) the Company and Luoyang Company shall jointly
          and severally compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB40.56 million and reasonable costs of RMB1.02
          million incurred for stopping the infringement within 15 days from the date on which the judgement takes
          effect; and (3) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement
          dated 20 May 2024. The Company have appealed the first-instance judgement to the Supreme People’s
          Court within the appeal period. Due to this latest development, management has made provision in relation
          to this case and details are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024       209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      44. Contingent liabilities (Continued)
              (b)     (Continued)
                      In July 2024, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Min 01 Min Chu No. 543) served
                      by the Fuzhou Intermediate Court. The claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and
                      Fuzhou Cangshan Aion Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. (福州倉山埃安汽車銷售服務有限公司) (“Fuzhou
                      Cangshan Aion”) (an automobile seller independent of the Company) in respect of an infringement claim
                      on intellectual property rights of No. ZL201720968992.6 utility model patent (“Patent VII”) and the
                      salient contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling and offering
                      to sell products infringing the relevant patent; (2) Fuzhou Cangshan Aion shall immediately cease selling
                      products infringing the relevant patent; and (3) the Company shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of
                      RMB92.00 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.30 million incurred for stopping the infringement. Details
                      are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 26 July 2024.


                      In October 2024, the Company received a civil judgement from the Higher People’s Court of Fujian Province
                      regarding the Claim related to Patent VI and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company and Luoyang
                      Company shall immediately cease selling or offering to sell products manufactured as of 18 July 2022 and
                      infringing the relevant patent from the date on which the judgement takes effect; (2) the Company and
                      Luoyang Company shall jointly and severally compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB58.05 million and
                      reasonable costs of RMB0.50 million incurred for stopping the infringement within 15 days from the date on
                      which the judgement takes effect; and (3) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the
                      Company’s announcement dated 18 October 2024. The Company have appealed the first-instance judgement
                      to the Supreme People’s Court within the appeal period. Due to this latest development, management
                      has made provision in relation to this case and details are set out in note 36 to the consolidated financial
                      statements.


                      In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Zhe 01 Zhi Min Chu No. 138)
                      served by the Hangzhou Intermediate Court. The claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company
                      and Hangzhou Pengxing Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. (杭州鵬行汽車銷售服務有限公司) (“Hangzhou
                      Pengxing”) (an automobile seller independent of the Company) in respect of an infringement claim on
                      intellectual property rights of No. ZL202210514746.9 invention patent (“Patent VIII”) and the salient
                      contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling and offering to sell
                      products infringing the relevant patent; and (2) the Company shall compensate CATL for economic losses
                      and the reasonable royalty for using the patent during the period from its application publication date to the
                      grant date of RMB90.00 million in total and reasonable costs of RMB1.00 million incurred for stopping the
                      infringement. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 3 January 2025.


                      In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2025) Min 05 Min Chu No. 2) served
                      by the Quanzhou Intermediate Court. The claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and
                      the other defendants (third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons) in respect of an
                      infringement claim on intellectual property rights of No. ZL201621122034.9 utility model patent (“Patent
                      IX”) and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling
                      and offering to sell products infringing the relevant patent; and (2) the Company shall compensate CATL for
                      its economic loss of RMB60.00 million and reasonable costs of RMB1.00 million incurred for stopping the
                      infringement. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 17 January 2025.



210   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2024




44. Contingent liabilities (Continued)
    (b)   (Continued)
          In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Xiang Zhi Min Chu No. 1)
          served by the Hunan High Court. The claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and the
          other defendants (third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons) in respect of an
          infringement claim on intellectual property rights of No. ZL202011086325.8 invention patent (“Patent X”)
          and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Company shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling and
          offering to sell products infringing the relevant patent; and (2) the Company shall compensate CATL for
          its economic loss of RMB110.00 million and reasonable costs of RMB1.00 million incurred for stopping the
          infringement. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 28 January 2025.


          After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal counsel, the
          Directors are of the view that the claims relating to Patent VII, Patent VIII, Patent IX and Patent X are lacking
          in merit, and it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the claims
          related to them.


          Accordingly, the Group has the following contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024:


                                                                                                             Reasonable
                                                                                        Damages                 expenses
          Claims related to:                                                    claimed by CATL        claimed by CATL
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


          Patent VII
          Relates to injection structure of a secondary battery                            92,000                      300


          Patent VIII
          Relates to top cover component of secondary battery and
            secondary battery                                                              90,000                    1,000


          Patent IX
          Relates to a battery module                                                      60,000                    1,000


          Patent X
          Relates to top cover component of secondary battery and
            secondary battery                                                             110,000                    1,000


          Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024        211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      45. Capital commitments
              Commitments contracted for at the end of the respective reporting period but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Property, plant and equipment                                                         14,297,738      19,153,765
              Intangible assets                                                                         37,845           24,653
              Leasehold lands                                                                                  –          3,101
              Capital contribution to associates                                                               –        320,000
              Capital contribution to partnership funds                                                283,200          149,500
              Capital contribution to share subscription                                                 1,300          177,068


                                                                                                    14,620,083      19,828,087


      46. Operating lease arrangements
              The Group as lessee
              The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for office equipment, staff quarters, office premise, factories,
              motor vehicles and warehouses. As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to
              the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed in note 20.


              As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, the outstanding lease commitments relating to these short-term leases are
              RMB35,078,000 and RMB27,553,000 respectively.


              The Group as lessor
              Operating leases relate to property owned by the Group with lease term of 1 year. The lessee does not have an
              option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease period.


              As at 31 December 2023 and 2024, there were no minimum lease payments receivable on leases.


              The following table presents the amounts reported in profit or loss:


                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Lease income on operating leases                                                           8,970            8,330




212   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2024




47. Related party transactions
    (a)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had material transactions and balances with the Group
          during the year:


              Name of party                                                                  Relationship


              常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering                                       Shareholder
               Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)


              中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology                                  Entity controlled by shareholders of the
               (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (“Luoyang Company”)                                      Company


              江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                    Entity controlled by shareholders of the
               Projects Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                        Company


              廈門金圓投資集團有限公司 Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment                                Shareholder
               Group Company Limited* (“Jinyuan Investment”)


              常州江環能源科技有限公司 Changzhou Jianghuan Energy                                        Entity controlled by shareholders of the
               Technology Co., Ltd. * (“Jianghuan Energy”)                                   Company#

          *
                   The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names is for identification purpose only.

          #
                   Jianghuan Energy became an entity controlled by shareholders of the Company in 2024.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024         213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      47. Related party transactions (Continued)
              (b)     The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year:


                                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Revenue from sales of goods to
                         – Luoyang Company                                                            1,245,564            163,961
                      Entrusted processing services from
                         – Luoyang Company                                                            2,858,909          1,956,184
                      Purchase of goods and services from
                         – Jianghuan Energy                                                                3,058                  –
                      Purchase of property, plant and equipment from
                         – Luoyang Company                                                                 8,345            23,114
                      Disposal of property, plant and equipment to
                         – Luoyang Company                                                                   165             1,157
                      Rental fee income from
                         – Huake Engineering                                                               4,404             5,366
                      Rental fee charged by
                         – Huake Engineering                                                                    14             418
                         – Luoyang Company                                                                       –           3,052
                      Transportation and miscellaneous fee paid on behalf by
                         – Luoyang Company                                                                      32          12,858
                      Construction fees charged by
                         – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                               383,340            130,376


                      Since March 2021, Jinyuan Investment has been providing financial guarantee to a subsidiary of the Group,
                      Xiamen Company in favour of a group of 6 banks, to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal
                      amount (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of
                      8 years. The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the
                      guarantee agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under
                      the loan agreement.


                      Since January 2022, Jinyuan Investment has been providing another financial guarantee to Xiamen
                      Company, in favour of a group of 6 banks to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount
                      (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years.
                      The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee
                      agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan
                      agreement.


              (c)     Balances with related parties


                      Details of the Group’s balances with related parties at the end of reporting period are disclosed in note 27.

214   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2024




47. Related party transactions (Continued)
    (d)   The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management during the year was as
          follows:


                                                                                                 Equity-settled     Retirement
                                                                  Salaries and   Discretionary    share-based benefit scheme
                                                          Fees     allowances           bonus        payments     contributions     Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


          Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士)                           –          1,182           3,920            5,172              32     10,306
          Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生)                            –            960           1,970            3,691              67      6,688
          Ms. Gao Yan (高艷女士)                                 –            949           1,970              151              50      3,120
          Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生)                         –            951           2,060            1,338              46      4,395
          Mr. He Fan (何凡先生)                                  –            937           2,370            1,591              41      4,939
          Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生)                                 –            916           2,090              754              32      3,792
          Directors and supervisors as
            disclosed in note 16(a)                        720          3,819           6,471           13,453             126     24,589


          Total for the year ended 31 December 2024        720          9,714          20,851           26,150             394     57,829



                                                                                                 Equity-settled     Retirement
                                                                  Salaries and   Discretionary    share-based benefit scheme
                                                          Fees     allowances           bonus        payments     contributions     Total
                                                       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


          Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士)                           –          1,143           3,941            8,126              32     13,242
          Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生)                            –            947           2,464            6,094              66      9,571
          Ms. Gao Yan (高艷女士)                                 –            934           1,965                –              46      2,945
          Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生)                         –            933           1,955            2,032              46      4,966
          Mr. He Fan (何凡先生)                                  –            920           1,964            2,032              40      4,956
          Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生)                                 –            894           1,983                –              32      2,909
          Directors and supervisors as
            disclosed in note 16(a)                        720          3,704           7,531           22,347             118     34,420


          Total for the year ended 31 December 2023        720          9,475          21,803           40,631             380     73,009


          Notes:



          The amounts disclosed above represent remuneration paid or payable to the directors and other members of senior management of

          the Company as key management personnel of the Group’s entities.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024     215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024




      48. Events after the reporting period
              Save as the event occurred in January 2025 in relation to Patent VIII, Patent IX and Patent X as disclosed in note
              44(b), the Group had no other material event after the reporting period as at 31 December 2024.




216   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                           Financial Summary


                                                   2024            2023           2022              2021           2020
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                           (Re-presented) (Re-presented)


Revenue                                        27,751,526     27,005,885     20,374,942        6,817,115      2,825,419
Cost of sales                                 (23,341,632)   (23,494,367)   (18,271,422)      (6,306,165)    (2,345,087)


Gross profit                                    4,409,894      3,511,518     2,103,520          510,950         480,332

Investment and other income                       357,560        200,492        208,849          256,564         45,915
Other (losses) and gains, net                    (139,021)      (877,052)       (62,872)         (89,541)        61,906
Selling expenses                                 (615,974)      (343,162)      (288,264)        (149,167)       (82,332)
Administrative expenses                        (1,257,403)      (675,753)      (590,974)        (334,419)      (228,660)
Research and development expenses              (1,417,611)      (991,961)      (664,758)        (222,523)      (191,504)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                        –              –              –          347,240              –
Impairment loss on investment in associates             –              –              –         (178,700)             –
(Impairment loss)/reversal of impairment
   loss on trade and bill receivables             (91,058)       (60,763)         9,315          (26,600)       (23,351)
(Impairment loss)/reversal of impairment
   loss on prepayments, deposits and
   other receivables                              (40,987)          880          (3,157)            (682)        (1,281)


Profit from operations                          1,205,400        764,199       711,659          113,122          61,025
Finance costs                                    (415,116)      (330,439)      (65,217)         (24,975)        (57,365)
Share of (losses)/profits of associates               (85)          (157)         (815)         (24,714)            637


Profit before tax                                790,199        433,603        645,627           63,433           4,297
Income tax credit/(expense)                       53,427          3,560         47,910           48,107         (22,625)


Profit/(loss) for the year                       843,626        437,163        693,537          111,540         (18,328)


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                            591,196        294,377        691,626          140,029           5,157
Non – controlling interests                      252,430        142,786          1,911          (28,489)        (23,485)


                                                 843,626        437,163        693,537          111,540         (18,328)


Non – current assets                           86,867,996     73,318,005    53,101,171       20,034,407      10,519,656
Current assets                                 35,605,387     32,111,020    37,359,447       18,586,078       7,570,795


Total assets                                  122,473,383    105,429,025    90,460,618       38,620,485      18,090,451


Current liabilities                            45,584,301     36,821,461    32,774,951        9,890,350       5,066,820
Non – current liabilities                      28,835,157     22,221,774    16,110,208        3,744,011         415,010


Total liabilities                              74,419,458     59,043,235    48,885,159       13,634,361       5,481,830




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024    217
      Definitions and Glossary


      “Articles of Association”      the Articles of Association of the Company currently in force


      “associate(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “Board”                        the board of directors of the Company


      “Chengdu Company”              CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（成都）有限公司）, a company established
                                     under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 29 May 2021 and owned as to 51%
                                     by our Company and 49% by Chengdu Heavy Industry Longjin, a direct non-wholly
                                     owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Company”, “CALB”,             CALB Group Co., Ltd.（中創新航科技集團股份有限公司）, H Shares of which are listed
        “we” or“us”                  on the Stock Exchange with stock code of 3931


      “connected person(s)”          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “connected transaction(s)”     has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “continuing connected          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
        transaction(s)”


      “controlling shareholder(s)”   has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “Director(s)”                  the director(s) of the Company


      “Domestic Share(s)”            ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                     each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi


      “Fujian Company”               CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（福建）有限公司）, a company established under
                                     the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 22 February 2022 and owned as to 51%
                                     by our Company and 49% by Xiamen Industrial Investment, a direct non-wholly owned
                                     subsidiary of our Company


      “Group”                        the Company and its subsidiaries


      “H Share(s)”                   the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal
                                     value of RMB1.00 each, which are traded in Hong Kong dollars and listed on the Main
                                     Board of the Stock Exchange


      “H Share Shareholder(s)”       holder(s) of H Shares




218   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                   Definitions and Glossary




“Hefei Company”                  CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（合肥）有限公司）, a company established under
                                 the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 25 September 2021 in which our Company
                                 is entitled to exercise more than 50% of the voting rights, a direct non wholly-owned
                                 subsidiary of our Company


“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity(ies) or person(s) who, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
                                 of the Directors, is/are not a connected person(s) of the Company within the meaning
                                 ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Jiangmen Company”               CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（江門）有限公司）, a company established
                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 23 February 2022 and owned as to
                                 63.7% by our Company and 36.3% by Jiangmen City Haina New Energy Investment
                                 Partnership (Limited Partnership)*（江門市海納新能源投資合夥企業（有限合夥））, a
                                 direct non-wholly owned subsidiary of our Company


“Jiangsu Company”                CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（江蘇）有限公司）, a company established
                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 23 June 2021, a direct wholly owned
                                 subsidiary of our Company


”Jiangsu Research Institute”     CALB Technology Co., Ltd.*（中創新航技術研究院（江蘇）有限公司）, a company
                                 established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 11 November 2016, a
                                 direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Jincheng Technology”            Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.*（江蘇金壇金城科
                                 技產業發展有限公司）, a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                 liability on 7 December 2015 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a connected person
                                 of the Company


“Jinhang Holding”                Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.*（江蘇金航控股有限公司）, a company established
                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 2 March 2022, which is owned as
                                 to 40% by Jincheng Technology, 30% by Cai Dongze（蔡東澤）, an Independent Third
                                 Party, 12.5% by Nanjing Ruiguan Enterprise Management Centre (Limited Partnership)*
                                 （南京瑞冠企業管理中心（有限合夥））, 12.5% by Wuxi Fengshenghui Enterprise
                                 Management Partnership Business (Limited Partnership)*（無錫豐晟匯企業管理合夥企
                                 業（有限合夥））and 5% by Jiangsu Fengchuang Environmental Energy Co., Ltd.*（江蘇
                                 楓創環保能源有限公司）, an Independent Third Party. Jinhang Holding is a connected
                                 person of our Company




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      219
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Jinsha Investment”      Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.*（常州金沙科技投資有限公司）, a
                               company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 4 May 2008
                               and wholly owned by Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Group”           namely Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International,
                               Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Holding”         Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.*（江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司）, a company
                               established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16 September 2014
                               and wholly owned by the Government of Jintan District, a connected person of the
                               Company


      “Jintan Hualuogeng”      Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.*（江蘇金壇華
                               羅庚科技產業發展有限公司）, a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                               limited liability on 12 December 2014 and owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding and
                               10% by Changzhou Investment Group Co., Ltd.*（常州投資集團有限公司）, respectively,
                               a connected person of the Company


      “Jintan International”   Jiangsu Jintan National Development International Investment Development Co., Ltd.*
                               （江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司）, a company established under the laws of the
                               PRC with limited liability on 16 December 2010 and exercising its voting rights in our
                               Shares in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding, a connected person of our
                               Company


      “Jinyuan Investment”     Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.*（廈門金圓投資集團有限公司）, a company
                               established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 July 2011 and wholly
                               owned by Finance Bureau of Xiamen City* (廈門市財政局), one of our Pre-IPO Investors
                               and Substantial Shareholders


      “Lihang Jinzhi”          Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)*（廈門鋰航
                               金智股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥））, a limited liability partnership established under
                               the laws of the PRC on 29 July 2019 whose general partner is Xiamen Lihang Equity
                               Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors, a connected person of our Company


      “Listing Rules”          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


      “Luoyang Company”        China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.*（中航鋰電（洛陽）有限公司）, a
                               company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 14 September
                               2009, which is owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and 49% by Jinhang
                               Holding, and a connected person of our Company




220   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                    Definitions and Glossary




“Materials Company”             CALB Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航材料科技（四川）有限公司）, a company
                                established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 26 January 2022, a direct
                                wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Model Code”                    Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers


“PRC” or “China”                the People’s Republic of China


“Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022


“Reporting Period”              from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024


“RMB”                           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFO”                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) in the issued capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)


“Shareholder(s)”                shareholders of the Company


“Shenzhen Research Institute”   CALB Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航技術研究中心（深圳）有限公司）, a
                                company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 28 May 2021,
                                a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Sichuan Company”               CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（四川）有限公司）, a company established
                                under the laws of the PRC on 2 April 2022 and owned as to 51% by our Company
                                and 49% by Meishan City Industrial Development Investment Guidance Fund Center
                                (Limited Partnership)*（眉山市產業發展投資引導基金中心（有限合夥））


“Stock Exchange”                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“subsidiary(ies)”               has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Supervisor(s)”                 the supervisor(s) of the Company


“treasury shares”               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       221
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Wuhan Company”                  CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航科技（武漢）有限公司）, a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2021 and owned as to 51%
                                       by our Company and 49% by Wuhan Jingkai Investment Co., Ltd., a direct non-wholly
                                       owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Xiamen Company”                 CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.*（中創新航新能源（廈門）有限公司）, a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2019 and a direct wholly-
                                       owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Xiamen Industrial Investment”   Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司), a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 August 2014 and wholly owned
                                       by Jinyuan Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors and Substantial Shareholders


      “%”                              percent




222   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
  CALB Group Co., Ltd.
