中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code: 3931



We have committed to the development, innovation and technological leadership in the new energy field,
continued to build the healthy ecosystem of the new energy industry,
and effectively fulfilled our responsibilities of energy security and sustainable development for human beings.




                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT
Contents

CORPORATE INFORMATION                                     2
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                        4
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION               22
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS       29
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS       30
 AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION   31
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY    33
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS           34
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL            35
 STATEMENTS
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY                                 57
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Executive Directors                                      Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and president)
    Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             AUDITOR
    Non-executive Directors                                  RSM Hong Kong
                                                             29/F, Lee Garden Two
    Mr. Zhou Sheng
                                                             28 Yun Ping Road
    Mr. Zhang Guoqing
                                                             Causeway Bay
    Mr. Li Yunxiang (resigned on 26 August 2024)
                                                             Hong Kong

    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
                                                             No. 1
    Mr. Wang Susheng
                                                             Jiangdong Avenue
    Mr. Chen Zetong
                                                             Jintan District
                                                             Changzhou City
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             Jiangsu Province
    Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                                         HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE IN
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          THE PRC
                                                             No. 1
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                             Jiangdong Avenue
    Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman)                              Jintan District
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           Changzhou City
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          Jiangsu Province

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman)                               HONG KONG
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                                         No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai
                                                             Hong Kong
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Dai Ying                                             H SHARE REGISTRAR
    Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)                 Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                             16 Harcourt Road
                                                             Hong Kong




2   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Corporate Information




PRINCIPAL BANKS
China Construction Bank Corporation
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.


STOCK CODE
3931


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.calb-tech.com




                                              INTERIM REPORT 2024   3
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    I.     The Industry which the Company Operates in
           At present, green and sustainable development has become a global consensus, and major countries and regions
           have put forward the goal of achieving “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” one after another. According to
           statistics of the International Energy Agency (IEA), global energy investment has boosted significantly since 2020
           and is expected to exceed US$3 trillion for the first time in 2024, with investment in technology development and
           infrastructure construction in the clean energy sector exceeding US$2 trillion. The development of the new energy
           industry has become a solid force to promote the realization of the goal of achieving “carbon peaking and carbon
           neutrality”.


           1.     EV battery market
                  Driven by the goal of achieving carbon peaking and carbon neutrality, new energy vehicles are becoming a
                  leading force in the transformation of the global transportation field, and their market penetration is rapidly
                  increasing. This transformation not only highlights the remarkable progress of new energy vehicles in terms
                  of endurance and safety performance, but also marks a critical period of transformation for the global
                  automotive industry. Advances in technology have enabled new energy vehicles to achieve breakthroughs in
                  improving fast charging capabilities and integrating intelligent functions, providing users with a better driving
                  experience. Governments around the world are also taking active actions to support the development of the
                  new energy vehicle industry in all aspects, from purchase tax exemptions to the construction of charging
                  infrastructure. These measures have not only accelerated the pace of innovation in the industry, but also
                  pushed the entire industry chain to a higher level of quality standards. As a key link in the industrial chain,
                  EV battery has also achieved its own high-quality development during the process, laying a solid foundation
                  for the sustainable development of new energy vehicles.


                  According to the data from SNE Research, driven by the boom of the new energy vehicle industry, the
                  demand for EV batteries has increased rapidly. The global installed capacity of EV batteries for new energy
                  vehicles reached 364.6GWh in the first six months of 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.3%.


                  With its rapid growth and innovative technology applications, China’s new energy vehicle market has
                  gradually become a pioneer in the global green travel and sustainable development. The prosperity of
                  China’s new energy vehicle market is profoundly affecting the domestic industrial ecology and promoting
                  the transformation of the economic structure in a green and intelligent direction. According to the data
                  from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers（中國汽車工業協會）, the sales volume of new energy
                  vehicles in China reached 4.944 million units in the first six months of 2024, representing a year-on-year
                  increase of 32%, and the penetration rate of new energy vehicles was 35%, with the penetration rate in
                  June reaching 41%.




4   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




             In the European market, the development of new energy vehicles has been greatly supported by the
             governments and the sector. Both the European Union and the United Kingdom have set a goal of achieving
             carbon neutrality by 2050, and are committed to promoting the electrification transformation of vehicles
             to achieve this goal. In 2024, the policy support for new energy vehicles in the United States has shown a
             trend of encouraging localized production and supply chain restructuring, while stimulating market demand
             through tax credits and other measures.


      2.     Energy storage market
             The global energy storage market is embracing a period of rapid development in 2024. The market size
             will keep growing. According to the statistics of ICC XinLuo Information（ICC鑫欏信息）, the global energy
             storage lithium battery shipments in the first half of 2024 showed an overall steady growth trend with a
             year-on-year increase of approximately 35%.


             The National Energy Administration of the PRC issued the Notice on Promoting the New Energy Storage
             Integration and Dispatch Utilization to clarify the positioning of new energy storage functions, optimize the
             dispatching operation mechanism, and promote efficient dispatch utilization of new energy storage. The
             policy aims to regulate grid integration and connection, support the joint deployment model, strengthen
             operation management, and encourage technological innovation. According to the statistics of GGII, China’s
             energy storage lithium battery shipments in the first half of 2024 were 116GWh, representing a year-on-year
             increase of 41%. Among which, power storage recorded shipments of 103GWh, representing a year-on-year
             increase of 43%, accounting for 89%, which was further expanded, remaining the main driving force for the
             current demand growth.


             Driven by the policies and technological progress, the energy storage industry in Europe has grown rapidly,
             and large-scale energy storage has become a key force in promoting energy transformation. The policy
             support for energy storage in Europe is mainly to promote energy transformation and improve grid stability.
             The energy storage market of the United States is one of the important engines of the global energy storage
             market, 37 states in the United States have established renewables portfolio standards and targets, and 17
             states have introduced policies for subsidies related to energy storage, showing great supporting efforts.


II.   Business
      As a leading international new energy technology enterprise, the Group is committed to becoming an energy value
      creator. Adhering to the mission of “achieving greatness through win-win cooperation, and benefiting mankind
      for a better world”, the Group will continue to shape a healthy ecology of the new energy industry by pioneering
      innovation and technology leadership in the field of new energy, and do its utmost to achieve the “carbon peaking
      and carbon neutrality” goal and the new energy vehicle strategy, and fulfill its responsibilities for human energy
      security and sustainable development.




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024   5
    Management Discussion and Analysis




           Adhering to technological innovation and maintaining the leading product power, the Group has proposed the core
           concept of innovation and development of “the ultimate balance of energy and resources, the ultimate balance of
           energy and safety, and the high integration of design and manufacturing”, and established a set of industry-leading
           and efficient R&D system, which has demonstrated its systematic and strong underlying technology innovation
           capabilities. It is committed to being an “battery expert”, in an effort to persistently provide the market and
           customers with reliable and reassuring “good batteries”. At the same time, we insist on thinking innovation, process
           innovation and management innovation to jointly promote the successful implementation of the Group’s strategies
           and build it into a top value-creating company.


           In the first half of 2024, the Group made full efforts in all fields to achieve sustained and rapid development.


           •      The Group’s installed capacity of EV batteries firmly ranked the second place among the third-party EV
                  battery enterprises in China, among which, the installed capacity for hybrid electronic vehicles increased by
                  155% year-on-year; the installed capacity for commercial vehicles in China increased by 125% year-on-year,
                  covering all mainstream products in the market and completing the comprehensive support for and batch
                  delivery for all models of strategic customers; the international installed capacity of EV batteries increased
                  significantly year-on-year.


           •      The Group experienced continuous substantial growth in its energy storage market shipments, its 314Ah
                  battery cells product was the first in the industry to achieve stable delivery in batches, and won high
                  recognition from strategic customers for its products and delivery capabilities. The Group secured the world’s
                  largest energy storage battery order in the international market.


           •      For the shipping market, the Group, as China’s first DNV-certified battery manufacturers, has been
                  cooperating with many well-known enterprises at home and abroad and has signed several projects of
                  international large-scale commercial ships, and the deliveries will be completed in succession, in a bid to
                  facilitate the world’s largest, and the world’s first-of-its-kind 10,000-ton pure electric container ship to be
                  put into operation officially.


           1.     Further breakthrough in technology
                  Adhering to the technology innovation as the driving force, the Group created top-notch technologies
                  and products through continuous innovation to achieve its breakthrough in technological development,
                  continuously boosting the core competitiveness of the Group.


                  (1)      In terms of advanced materials, focusing on key materials including 5V high-voltage lithium nickel-
                           manganate materials, new ultra-fast charging silicon carbon materials, new electrolyte additives that
                           place equal emphasis on fast-charging and long life, and new all-solid-state electrolyte materials, the
                           Group completed a series of key technological breakthroughs;




6   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis




(2)    In terms of high-performance battery technology, the Group completed the development of high
       specific energy 5C super-charged LFP products; completed the stage development of 6C super-
       charged high nickel cylinder technology and product, which are characterized by both high-energy
       and ultra-fast charging; completed the stage development of technology and product for high
       manganese iron lithium batteries focusing on high energy and high safety, and put them onto vehicles
       for test and verification; completed further breakthrough of energy storage battery technologies for
       high energy efficiency and ultra-long life, leading the innovation and upgrading of the industry;


(3)    In terms of new battery technology, the 400Wh/kg high specific energy and high safety mixed
       solid-liquid battery products have entered the stage of industrialization, with industry-leading core
       indicators such as thermal safety and calendar life; high-energy sulfide all-solid-state batteries
       achieved breakthroughs in key technologies;


(4)    In terms of advanced manufacturing, the Group 1) completed the development of thick electrode
       manufacturing technology to achieve high-speed mass production, with a 5% increase in product
       energy density, a 3% reduction in manufacturing cost, and a 20% increase in core-making efficiency;
       2) completed the development of fast-charging and core-making technology, and realized the mass
       production application of core manufacturing technologies such as fast-charging material electrode
       processing based on the application scenarios of 4C super-charged LFP, 6C high-nickel and other
       products; 3) completed the development and application of core technologies for “Top-tier” batteries
       to increase the manufacturing efficiency in key processes by more than 30%, and increase the space
       utilization rate by more than 20%; 4) by adopting the integrated solution of machine vision and
       building an AI-based big data platform, the test and inspection efficiency was increased by 50%,
       achieving the quality control at the ppb level of the process and high-reliability batch delivery; and


(5)    In terms of battery full life cycle management, the Group adopted manufacturing big data and
       virtual measurement technology to optimize the battery manufacturing process, which improved the
       manufacturing efficiency of key processes by more than 20% and reduced energy consumption by
       more than 50%.


The Group followed the high-quality intellectual property rights development which was deeply integrated
with the strategy of “consolidating its leadership in product and technology”, and focused on the high-
quality patent portfolio to constantly forge an innovative brand power. It has established a patent portfolio
in the entire battery industry chain covering battery materials, battery structure, system integration, electrical
circuits, BMS, manufacturing process equipment and battery recycling. As of 30 June 2024, the Group had
been granted 3,438 patents and has applied for 746 patents pending authorization.




                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024      7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




           2.     Regaining a leading position in terms of products
                  Putting together its own technical capabilities and industrialization strength, the Group constantly pursued
                  the high energy density and stable safety performance of EV batteries, launching more competitive new
                  products of ternary series and phosphate series. The Group continued to maintain its product leadership by
                  devoting its efforts in power energy storage (new energy power generation and power grid), industrial and
                  commercial energy storage, household energy storage and other application scenarios.


                  Products for passenger vehicle market
                 (1)       Ternary EV batteries

                           1)     400V 2C medium-nickel high-voltage battery: can attain 20%-80% charging within 18
                                  minutes, for which the Group has achieved the delivery in batches in the mid-to-high-end pure
                                  electric BEV/REEV market;


                           2)     800V 3C/5C medium-nickel high-voltage battery: can attain 20%-80% charging within 10
                                  minutes, for which the Group has achieved the delivery in batches;


                           3)     6C high-nickel R46 large cylinder battery: the maximum fast charging capacity of “Top-tier”
                                  high-nickel R46 large cylinder product exceeds that of 6C while the energy density of the
                                  battery cells is as high as 300Wh/kg;


                           4)     High-energy and high-nickel multi-element battery: through innovative technologies such
                                  as multi-doped cathode, self-buffered silicon carbon anode, high-safety electrolyte and self-
                                  healing interface, the cycle life exceeds 1,500 times on the basis of the energy density of the
                                  battery cells as high as 350Wh/kg. At the same time, through the extreme needle puncture
                                  test, the safety of high-energy batteries is guaranteed to the greatest extent, achieving new
                                  breakthroughs in safety and life; and


                           5)     Ultra-high energy density semi-solid battery: focusing on the intrinsic safety requirements of
                                  ultra-high energy batteries, through the combination of the advantages of new liquid safety
                                  electrolyte and solid-state safety technology, the cycle life is close to 1,000 times while the
                                  energy density of the battery cells exceeds 400Wh/kg, achieving the ultimate balance of
                                  energy, performance and safety.


                 (2)       Phosphate series EV batteries

                           1)     the high-power LFP prismatic battery: featuring high power and all-climate scenario
                                  application, which is the high-quality product developed for the hybrid passenger vehicle
                                  market, with mileage coverage ranging 80km-400km. It has been delivered in batches;




8   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




      2)     the high-power LFP R46 large cylinder battery: “Top-tier” iron lithium R46 large cylinder
             product is a new generation product developed for the hybrid electronic market, with leading
             advantages such as minimizing cost and maximizing performance. It will be delivered in
             batches soon;


      3)     the high specific energy LFP battery: L300 series prismatic battery cell adopts all tab laminated
             technology. The battery cell is thinner and lighter, with better volumetric efficiency and
             assembly efficiency, leading the third-generation benchmark in the industry. It has been
             delivered in batches;


      4)     800V 3C fast-charging LFP battery: the fast-charging LFP product firstly launched in the
             industry, featuring high specific energy, high rate and fast charging, has been highly
             recognized in pure electric market of mid-to-high-end passenger vehicles. It has been delivered
             in batches; and


      5)     800V 5C super-charged LFP battery: can attain 10%-80% charging within 12 minutes, and it
             will be delivered in batches soon.


Products for commercial vehicle market
(1)   In terms of light commercial vehicle: the mass-produced TEU can cover 30~100 kWh of electricity,
      leading the markets of mini vans, medium vans, large vans, mini trucks, small trucks and light trucks,
      and the quality and excellent performance of our products are highly recognized by customers; our
      products have successively passed certificates such as UL/IEC/CE and have been successfully launched
      in international markets; the industry’s first battery system featuring single pack and large capacity,
      with a single pack covering 100~180 kWh of electricity, has completed the actual measurement of
      600 kilometers of full-load range. The charging time from 20% to 80% takes 15 minutes, which has
      effectively relieved customers’ anxiety about driving range. Meanwhile, the enhanced energy density
      of the battery system has effectively improved the space utilization of the entire vehicle. The products
      will be delivered in mass production soon; and


(2)   In terms of heavy commercial vehicle: the mass-produced TEU can be matched with battery systems
      as required, with multi-combinations achieving full coverage of 90~600 kWh of electricity, which
      can satisfy the demand of all scenarios in different working conditions and different fields such as
      traction, mixing, self-unloading, special-purpose and engineering machinery; the industry’s first TEU
      with 100 kWh of electricity, which is suitable for heavy trucks with battery systems of 400~800 kWh
      of electricity, and can achieve a full-load driving range of up to 530 km and a full-package energy
      density of 167 Wh/kg. The products will be delivered in mass production soon.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   Products for energy storage market
                   (1)      For power energy storage application scenario: the 314Ah battery cell products are the first in
                            the industry to pass certification and take the lead in realizing large-scale and stable delivery in
                            batches. They have successfully secured the market position and obtained recognition from strategic
                            customers for the products and delivery capabilities. The “third-generation liquid-cooled container
                            energy storage system” developed based on the new generation of energy storage battery cells,
                            which features a combination of high safety, high reliability, high energy efficiency, long life and
                            high energy density, achieves a discharge capacity of 6.25MWh or above for a standard 20ft energy
                            storage containers through innovative system design, being at the leading edge of the industry; in
                            terms of system integration, the integrated power per unit area increased by more than 30% as
                            compared with the previous generation, helping customers achieve a significant reduction in initial
                            investment cost and levelized cost of energy during the life cycle and greatly increase the overall
                            revenue of power stations;


                   (2)      For industrial and commercial energy storage application scenario: the standardized outdoor
                            integrated cabinet products and comprehensive solutions have the advantages of modular design,
                            active safety system, intelligent power distribution system, safety and reliability, and economic
                            efficiency; and


                   (3)      For household energy storage application scenario: the long-life prismatic battery and intelligent
                            management system is equipped with multiple protection mechanisms when facing situations such
                            as over-charge, over-discharge, over-temperature, over-current, and short circuit, the products have
                            successively passed a series of overseas certifications such as UL/IEC/CE, and the product performance,
                            cost and safety performance are widely recognized by customers.


            3.     Business achievements
                   During the Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB111,263 million, representing an
                   increase of 5.5% as compared with the beginning of the year, and the net assets amounted to RMB47,369
                   million, representing an increase of 2.1% as compared with the beginning of the year. The Group achieved a
                   revenue of RMB12,469 million, representing an increase of 1.4% as compared with the corresponding period
                   of last year, which was mainly attributable to the release of the Group’s production capacity and the increase
                   in customer demands.




10   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




Passenger vehicle market: adhered to the differentiated strategy to optimize the strategic layout,
solidified and deepened the cooperation in the domestic market, and made comprehensive
efforts in the international market, and the overseas installed capacity of EV batteries increased
significantly on a year-on-year basis.


(1)   in the field of pure electric vehicle: while maintaining the advantageous position of economic
      passenger vehicles, a significant growth in the installed capacity in mid-to-high-end passenger market
      has been achieved. In addition to the stable mass production and delivery of brand models such as
      GAC, Geely, XPeng, NIO and Leapmotor, the Group also supported new automotive models such
      as a leading new force and Zhiji Automobile; among which, the delivery of pure electric vehicles for
      high-end market increased significantly year-on-year. The overseas installed capacity of EV batteries
      increased significantly on a year-on-year basis, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in the volume
      of products of the Company for overseas exports as overseas exports of domestic proprietary brands
      increased, while in terms of new customer development, the Group became the designated partner of
      new platforms and projects of many international customers such as Toyota, Volkswagen, Ford, Audi
      and Mazda, pushing ahead the progress of its international development; and


(2)   in the hybrid electronic field: the Group has achieved the delivery in batches of multiple projects and
      increased mass production capabilities to support key models of various leading customers such as
      Chery, Dongfeng and BAIC. Our installed capacity of hybrid electronic vehicles increased by 155%
      year-on-year and the market share increased continuously.


In the commercial vehicle market: domestic installed capacity increased by 125% as compared
with the same period last year and the Group has covered all mainstream products in the market,
and completed the comprehensive support for all models and delivery in batches for strategic
customers; the delivery volume in international market steadily increased.


(1)   In the field of light commercial vehicles, it has achieved in-depth cooperation with customers such
      as Geely, Ruichi, Chery, BAIC, Dongfeng and Changan, providing comprehensive support and batch
      delivery for the industry’s mainstream models; the products have been applied to key clients from
      business-end, such as DST and JD.com; in the field of heavy trucks and special vehicles, the Group has
      cooperated with customers including Sany Group, XCMG and Shaanxi Automobile in terms of dump
      trucks, mixer trucks, tractors, loaders and excavators, etc; and




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (2)      In terms of international market, customer base in the European market continued to expand. The
                            delivery volume steadily increased and the delivered products became increasingly diversified, covering
                            mainstream bus business. For example, our market share of British electric buses exceeded 50%, our
                            ternary VDA products ranked first in terms of the supply volume in the market of British electric bus
                            and we were awarded as “Preferred Supplier” by customers. We have obtained AIS038 and AIS-004
                            certification respectively in the Indian market and became the first enterprise in the electric heavy
                            truck sector in India to obtain the above certification, laying a solid foundation for the subsequent in-
                            depth development in the Indian market.


                   In the energy storage market: the business results in terms of shipments achieved sustained
                   significant growth. The Group’s 314Ah battery cells product was the first in the industry to achieve
                   stable delivery in batches, and won high recognition from strategic customers for its products and
                   delivery capabilities. The Group secured the world’s largest energy storage battery order.


                   (1)      The Group established direct cooperation with power groups such as the “Five Leading and Six
                            Major”, and achieved strategic cooperation with SPIC, CNNP Rich Energy, China Energy Construction,
                            China Three Gorges Renewables, China Electrical Equipment Group, etc. The Group’s products were
                            adopted by a number of energy storage power station projects, and they have realized the operation
                            and grid connection;


                   (2)      The Group entered into strategic cooperation agreements with leading customers in various fields
                            such as system integrators, wind power and photovoltaic enterprises to establish a long-term and
                            stable supply relationship, with its market share and ranking further improving. The Group completed
                            product recognition and cooperation with the top 30 system integrators in terms of shipments, and
                            provided delivery in batches to over 20 of them, becoming a core supplier and partner of the leading
                            enterprises in the industry and was highly recognized by the customers;


                   (3)      While continuing to maintain the influence in the power storage market segment, the Group
                            completed its market layout in the industrial and commercial energy storage, household energy
                            storage market segment through the launch of full-scenario standardized energy storage products and
                            solutions, which laid a solid foundation for the follow-up rapid growth in the energy storage market.


                   (4)      The Group achieved major breakthroughs in the international market, completed the admission
                            process with a number of international top energy storage owners, EPCs, integrators and suppliers,
                            enlisted in the whitelist of these customers, achieved the delivery in batches and secured the world’s
                            largest energy storage battery order. At the same time, as the mainstream products in the market,
                            system products such as 5MWh liquid-cooled containers and outdoor energy storage cabinets
                            achieved mass production and were delivered in batches, with industry-leading product performance.




12   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




III.   Future Prospects
       The Group has been driving its rapid development with innovation, adhering to the strategy of product and
       technology leadership, and conducting future-oriented R&D layout to promote the continuous advancement of
       battery technology in multiple dimensions, such as material innovation, structural innovation, manufacturing
       innovation, and system innovation. With a number of technologies and products achieving industry-leading
       performance, we will create hardcore product power for all scenarios and lead the industry to new heights. Revolving
       around the business strategy of “dual-driven force of power and energy storage” and regional strategy of “paradigm
       featuring dual circulation (國內國際雙循環)”, the Group is dedicated to serving the high-quality development of
       new energy with its leading technology and product capabilities and insisting on taking the needs of end users and
       customers and social sustainable development as the fundamental pursuit of technological development. Focusing
       on solving pain points in the industry, the Group is committed to providing users with products featuring high
       safety, high reliability, high performance and cost effectiveness.


       1.     Innovation in technologies and products
              The Group is committed to continuous technological innovation in multiple dimension and maintaining its
              leadership in advanced materials, advanced manufacturing technologies, high performance battery and
              system technologies, new batteries, and battery full life cycle management, etc. to ensure the competitive
              advantages of its products in the application field.


              (1)     In terms of advanced materials, the Group will seek to make breakthroughs in key materials such as
                      5V high-voltage lithium nickel-manganate materials, new ultra-fast charging silicon carbon materials,
                      new electrolyte functional additives and new all-solid-state electrolyte materials;


              (2)     In terms of advanced manufacturing, the Group will 1) develop and apply pure dry electrode
                      manufacturing technology to further enhance product competitiveness, focusing on manufacturing
                      cost reduction and next-generation all-solid-state batteries; 2) continue to make efforts in the
                      direction of high-speed relying on the manufacturing technology of the first generation of cylinder
                      battery cells and equipment capabilities, to create the next generation of high-speed cylinder battery
                      production lines with more competitiveness; 3) carry out the pre-research and development of core
                      engineering technologies such as electrolyte coating and cell manufacturing focusing on the mass
                      production and large-scale application of all-solid-state battery technology, so as to prepare for the
                      commercial application of all-solid-state batteries;




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2024   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (3)      In terms of high-performance battery technology, the Group will continuously enhance its
                            comprehensive leading advantages in the fields of high specific energy, long battery life, high safety,
                            high power and all-climate technology, create products with maximizing performance and minimizing
                            cost, achieve the industrialization of the products including high-specific-energy 5C ultra-fast charging
                            LFP battery, 6C super-charged high nickel cylinder battery, high-manganese iron lithium battery and
                            400Wh/kg mixed solid-liquid battery, and expand their application to new scenarios. The Group will
                            make further breakthroughs in key technologies of energy storage cells for higher efficiency and
                            longer life, supporting the upgrade of energy storage products and maintaining its energy storage
                            products outperform peers all the time;


                   (4)      In terms of new batteries, focusing on 5V high-voltage lithium nickel-manganate battery and 450Wh/
                            kg mixed solid-liquid battery, the Group will continue to carry out the research of key technologies,
                            to maintain its leading advantages; develop high-energy sulphide all-solid-state batteries, break
                            through bottlenecks in performance design and industrialization and facilitate industrial innovation
                            and upgrading; and


                   (5)      In terms of battery full life cycle management, the Group will develop the battery big data technology
                            to prevent the occurrence and leakage of defects; develop intelligent battery technology to improve
                            battery management efficiency; develop cloud battery SOH estimation technology to reduce the risk
                            of battery deterioration; and develop battery health diagnostic instruments to identify battery health,
                            so as to maximise the battery’s safety, reliability and energy throughput value throughout its life
                            cycle.


            2.     Market and customer development
                   The Group aims to maintain its product leadership and competitive advantage based on continuous
                   technological innovation.


                   With its strategic goal of global leadership, the Group will pool its efforts and resources to provide
                   comprehensive product solutions and life-cycle management for the new energy full-scenario application
                   market represented by EV batteries and ESS products.


                   Passenger vehicle market: in the domestic market, the Group will diversify customers and vehicle models
                   in the field of BEV and HEV, enhance cooperation with existing customers in respect of new platforms and
                   new projects, insist on the update and iteration of high-quality products and production capacity, so as to
                   maintain the industry-leading advantages of technology and products and increase the market share. For
                   the international market, the Group will advance the supporting projects for existing international brand
                   customers, make full efforts to continuously develop new customers to achieve further breakthroughs in
                   the internationalization process; continue to work alongside key domestic customers in terms of the global
                   expansion planning strategy so as to support the export of China’s new energy vehicles.




14   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




     Commercial vehicle market: the Group will further deepen the overall layout and continue to tap deep into
     the segments including light commercial vehicle, new energy heavy truck and passenger vehicle; deepen
     the cooperation with leading players in the commercial vehicle industry. The Group will seize the fast-
     growing market demand for new energy light trucks and new energy heavy trucks to increase its market
     share, and expand the sales of new energy heavy trucks and new energy buses taking advantage of the
     favorable policies such as “old for new” issued by the Ministry of Transport, Ministry of Finance and other
     ministries and commissions of the PRC. The Group will vigorously expand into emerging markets including
     ship, rail transit and mining and provide various product solutions with high-safety, high-reliability and high-
     performance. The Group will strive to get highly recognized by the customers with our leading technology,
     outstanding quality and extraordinary service and will join hands with strategic customers to carry out
     the forward product development and create full-scenario applications, so as to lead the new energy
     development of the commercial industry.


     Energy storage market: the Group will maintain its focus on the layout of new energy power generation
     side, grid side, customer side and other segments, and build deeper, long-term strategic cooperation with
     five leading government-run power enterprises, six major power industry player (the “Five Leading and Six
     Major”), system integrators, and leading enterprises in wind power, photovoltaic and other segments, so as
     to ensure that the shipments of energy storage products will achieve sustained significant growth. The Group
     will tap deeper into the business chain of new energy power stations and further leverage its advantages in
     performance, service and cost to build its brand advantage among the “Five Leading and Six Major”, and
     turn it into business increments. In addition, the Group will accurately match the market expansion process
     and product needs of system integrators, so as to further increase our share in the leading system integrator
     customers and double our deliveries to them. On the basis of our established power station business
     capabilities, we will participate in the competitive distribution business of independent power stations to
     increase our shipments of energy storage products through the power station business. In terms of industrial
     and commercial energy storage, we will explore diversified business models to achieve a rapid growth in
     shipments.


3.   Internationalization
     With its strategic goal of internationalization, the Group will continue to accelerate its strategic
     internationalization process from multiple aspects including production capacity, market and supply chain.


     In terms of production capacity, the Group achieved high-quality promotion of the industrial layout in Europe
     as planned. Following the successful approval and inclusion into the Portugal National Interest Project (PIN)
     in 2023, and the completion of plant design and acquisition of land and other core ancillary resources as
     planned, the Group’s project in Portugal officially obtained the environmental impact assessment approval in
     the first quarter of 2024, laying a solid foundation for full-scale construction of the project. The Group will
     continue to achieve mass production as planned and ensure on-time delivery to international customers with
     industry-leading standard and quality. At the same time, based on the customer and market demands, the
     Group initiated its industrial layout for the ASEAN region during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2024      15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   In terms of market, with the smooth progress of the industrial layout in Europe and ASEAN, the global
                   delivery and supporting capabilities of EV batteries will be further improved. With the facility of the
                   new overseas platform, the Group will comprehensively improve its overseas delivery capabilities and
                   comprehensive service capabilities, build excellent market competitiveness and international reputation,
                   transform technological and product advantages into global market influence, so as to support the further
                   expansion of the Group in overseas markets.


                   In terms of supply chain, the Group worked closely with its existing partners to make innovation, improve
                   efficiency and reduce costs, and continued to develop new global cooperation; at the same time, in
                   view of the regional distribution of its global partners, the Group actively developed and expanded local
                   industrial chain system, striving to build a diversified regional industrial synergy to make contributions to the
                   development of the regional economy.


                   Adhering to the innovation-driven development strategy, the Group will firmly grasp the high-quality
                   development, develop new quality productive force based on local demands, continuously define and expand
                   the global market on the basis of “technologies coming from the same origin” and persistently provide global
                   customers with a full range of optimal solutions; based on the positioning as a “battery expert”, the Group
                   will be dedicated to the technologies and product offerings to serve the market and satisfy the customers,
                   continue to shape a healthy ecosystem for the new energy industry, fulfil its responsibility for energy security
                   and sustainability, and make its greatest contributions to the creation of a harmonious coexistence, a green
                   and sustainable energy ecosystem and a better future for mankind!


     IV.    Financial Review
            Overview
            During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group increased from RMB12,294.71 million for the six months
            ended 30 June 2023 to RMB12,469.24 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of
            1.4%; the profit for the period of the Group increased from RMB266.49 million for the six months ended 30 June
            2023 to RMB417.31 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 56.6%; the basic
            earnings per share of the Group increased from RMB0.0827 for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB0.1405
            for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 69.9%.




16   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial indicators
The key financial indicators of the Group are set out as follows:


                                                                                        For the six months
                                                                                          ended 30 June
                                                                                           (unaudited)
 Financial indicator                                                                       2024                2023


 Gross profit margin (%)                                                                 15.6%                 9.6%
 Net sales margin (%)                                                                     3.3%                 2.2%


The gross profit margin of the Group increased by 6 percentage points from 9.6% for the six months ended 30 June
2023 to 15.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2024.


The net sales margin of the Group increased by 1.1 percentage points from 2.2% for the six months ended 30 June
2023 to 3.3% for the six months ended 30 June 2024, primarily due to the year-on-year increase in the gross profit
margin of the Group.


Revenue structure
During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the sales of EV batteries, ESS products and
others. The revenue of the Group increased from RMB12,294.71 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023
to RMB12,469.24 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 1.4%. The increase
was mainly due to the gradual release of the Group’s production capacity, the increase in customer demands and
sustained significant growth of the ESS products business.


1)     Revenue by product

                                                             For the six months ended 30 June (unaudited)
                                                                    2024                           2023
                                                                           Percentage                     Percentage
        Items                                              Revenue         of revenue        Revenue      of revenue
                                                         (RMB’000)               (%)       (RMB’000)            (%)


        EV batteries                                      9,723,980              78.0     10,377,467           84.4
        ESS products and others                           2,745,257              22.0      1,917,245           15.6


        Total                                           12,469,237               100      12,294,712            100




                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024   17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of EV batteries of the Group decreased
                   by 6.3% from RMB10,377.47 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB9,723.98 million for the
                   six months ended 30 June 2024. The slight year-on-year decrease in the revenue generated from the sales
                   of EV batteries was mainly attributable to the fact that the battery prices decreased while the sales volume
                   increased rapidly.


                   During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the ESS products and others of the Group increased
                   by 43.2% from RMB1,917.25 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB2,745.26 million for the
                   six months ended 30 June 2024. The strong increase was mainly because the ESS products business achieved
                   sustained significant growth thanks to the Group’s continuous efforts to explore the ESS segment.


            2)     Revenue by geographical location of product delivery

                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June (unaudited)
                                                                             2024                              2023
                                                                                    Percentage                        Percentage
                    Items                                            Revenue        of revenue        Revenue         of revenue
                                                                   (RMB’000)              (%)       (RMB’000)               (%)


                    Mainland China                                 12,238,046             98.1     11,920,164              97.0
                    Overseas regions                                  231,191              1.9        374,548                3.0


                    Total                                          12,469,237            100.0     12,294,712             100.0


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from Mainland China increased by 2.7% from
                   RMB11,920.16 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB12,238.05 million for the six months
                   ended 30 June 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to the continuous improvement and release of
                   the Group’s production capacity and the increase in the demands for batteries of the Group’s key customers
                   from Mainland China.


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from overseas regions decreased by 38.3% from
                   RMB374.55 million for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to RMB231.19 million for the six months ended
                   30 June 2024. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in the battery prices.




18   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Financial position
1)     Assets
       The total assets of the Group increased from RMB105,429.03 million as at 31 December 2023 to
       RMB111,262.51 million as at 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 5.5%, among which, non-current
       assets increased from RMB73,318.01 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB79,279.59 million as at 30 June
       2024, representing an increase of 8.1%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in property, plant and
       equipment as the Group continued to invest in the projects under construction in existing production bases.
       Current assets decreased from RMB32,111.02 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB31,982.92 million as
       at 30 June 2024, basically remaining unchanged.


2)     Liabilities
       The total liabilities of the Group increased from RMB59,043.24 million as at 31 December 2023 to
       RMB63,893.93 million as at 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 8.2%, among which, current liabilities
       decreased from RMB36,821.46 million as at 31 December 2023 to RMB35,760.64 million as at 30 June
       2024, representing a decrease of 2.9%. Such decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in trade and
       bills payables and accruals and other payables. Non-current liabilities increased from RMB22,221.78 million as
       at 31 December 2023 to RMB28,133.29 million as at 30 June 2024, representing an increase of 26.6%. Such
       increase was mainly due to the increase in syndicated borrowings for projects to meet the Group’s capital
       needs for business expansion and key projects.


Liquidity and financial resources
The operating cash inflow of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to RMB1,254.97 million,
representing an increase of RMB3,979.86 million as compared to the operating cash outflow of RMB2,724.89
million for the six months ended 30 June 2023, which was mainly attributable to the increase in payment collection
for the period.


The bank and cash balances (including pledged and restricted bank deposits) of the Group as at 30 June 2024 were
approximately RMB10,864.51 million (31 December 2023: RMB9,215.86 million).


The total borrowings of the Group as at 30 June 2024, including all bank loans, amounted to approximately
RMB37,515.06 million (31 December 2023: RMB29,170.73 million). The repayment terms of approximately
RMB10,801.35 million of the bank loans are due within one year and approximately RMB26,713.71 million after one
year, respectively.


The Group had sufficient liquidity to meet the requirements of its daily liquidity management and capital
expenditure, and to control internal operating cash flows.




                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024     19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            Capital structure
            The financial management department under the Group is responsible for its financial risk management, aiming
            to ensure that the liquidity structure of the assets, liabilities and other commitments of the Group could meet its
            funding needs on an ongoing basis.


            The borrowings of the Group were mainly settled in Renminbi, while its cash and cash equivalents were mainly held
            in RMB, Euro, U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars. The Group planned to maintain an appropriate portfolio of equity
            and debt during the period to ensure an effective capital structure. As at 30 June 2024, the outstanding loans of the
            Group were RMB-denominated loans with approximately 3.5% of these outstanding loans bearing interest at fixed
            rates and the remainder at floating rates.


            The Group monitored the capital structure by using the gearing ratio (i.e. net debt divided by equity), with its
            policies to maintain financial stability and support the sustainable, healthy and rapid development of the Group’s
            business. Net debt includes lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and is net of cash and cash
            equivalents, with equity being total equity. The gearing ratio of the Group as at 30 June 2024 was 61.2% (31
            December 2023: 47.1%). The increase in the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increased borrowings for project
            construction. The Group maintained its financial stability amidst rapid business development.


            Foreign exchange risk
            The business operations of our Group are principally located in Mainland China and most of its transactions are
            conducted in RMB. Except for certain bank balances which are denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars
            and other foreign currencies, most of the assets and liabilities are denominated in RMB. During the Reporting
            Period, the Group did not experience any material difficulties or impact on its operations or liquidity as a result of
            fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Group believes that the Group will have sufficient foreign currencies to
            meet its foreign exchange needs and will take effective measures to prevent foreign exchange risks.


            Capital expenditure
            During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024
            amounted to RMB7,815.55 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2023: RMB11,991.84 million) which were
            mainly used for the construction of production facilities and the upgrade of existing machinery and equipment.
            The capital expenditures of the Group were mainly funded by the Group’s own funds, funds contributed by local
            shareholders, bank borrowings as well as cash inflow from the operating activities of the Group.


            Capital commitments
            During the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group were mainly related to the acquisition of
            property, plant and equipment. The total of capital expenditures contracted but not incurred as at 30 June 2024
            was RMB14,042.26 million (31 December 2023: RMB19,828.09 million).




20   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Restricted assets
As at 30 June 2024, the Group had restricted assets with a total carrying amount of RMB11,950.66 million for
obtaining bank loans and other bank facilities. These assets include pledged and restricted bank deposits of
RMB1,868.64 million, bills receivables of RMB183.00 million, property, plant and equipment of RMB9,136.44 million
and right-of-use assets of RMB762.58 million.


Significant investments held
As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


Future plans for significant investments and capital assets
As at 30 June 2024, the Group did not have any plans for significant external investments and capital assets.


Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
During the Reporting Period, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and associates.


Contingent liabilities
Details of contingent liabilities are set out in note 23 of the condensed consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024   21
     Corporate Governance and
     Other Information

     Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
     The Group is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and strives to comply with the code
     provisions (the “Code Provisions”) as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) in Appendix
     C1 to the Listing Rules.


     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company had complied with all applicable Code Provisions of the CG Code,
     save for the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, which stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief
     executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


     Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman and president of the Company. The Directors believe that the roles of chairwoman and
     president in the same person are beneficial to ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enable the Group to
     formulate overall strategic planning more effectively and efficiently. The Directors also believe that the current arrangement
     will not impair the balance of duties and authorities and the structure will enable the Company to make decisions and
     implement them in a timely and effective manner. Under the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board functions effectively
     and discharges its responsibilities to discuss all important and appropriate issues in a timely manner. In addition, as all major
     decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board and the relevant Board committees, and the Board has three
     independent non-executive Directors to provide independent views, the Board considers that there are adequate safeguards
     to ensure an adequate balance of powers of the Board. However, the Board will review the structure and composition of
     the Board from time to time to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


     The Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the Company’s governance structure to assess whether it is necessary
     to separate the responsibilities of the chairman and chief executive officer.


     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding
     securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific enquiries by the Company, the Directors have confirmed that they
     have complied with the Model Code during the six months ended 30 June 2024.


     Audit Committee Reviews Interim Results
     The Company has established the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in compliance
     with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Code Provision D.3.3 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee consists of
     three independent non-executive Directors including Mr. Wang Susheng, Mr. Wu Guangquan and Mr. Chen Zetong, and
     is currently chaired by Mr. Wang Susheng with appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules 3.10(2) and
     3.21 of the Listing Rules.


     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies adopted by the Group together
     with the management. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters relating to risk management, internal control,
     review of the appointment of auditors, auditors’ remuneration and financial reporting. The Audit Committee has reviewed
     and agreed on the unaudited condensed consolidated financial information for the Reporting Period.




22   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                  Corporate Governance and Other Information




Legal Litigations and Compliance
The Group may be involved in various legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations in the ordinary course of business
from time to time. Save as disclosed in this report and during the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any
legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations which, in our opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the ordinary
business, financial condition or results of operations and, to our knowledge, there is no risk of any such legal proceedings,
arbitrations or administrative litigations.


Use of Proceeds from Listing
The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022 (the “Listing
Date”). The Company issued a total of 265,845,300 ordinary shares of RMB1.00 each at a price of HK$38.00 per share,
total proceeds from the listing amounted to HK$10,102.12 million under the Global Offering. After deducting the
underwriting fees, commissions and estimated expenses, the total net proceeds from the listing amounted to approximately
HK$9,980.10 million. The listing proceeds have been and will continue to be utilized in accordance with the plans disclosed
in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus, namely:


                                                                                                          Amount
                                                                          Net                             used for
                                                                   proceeds                  Net            the six               Net
                                              Approximate           from the         unutilized            months         unutilized      Expected
                                               percentage              listing             as at             ended              as at     timeline for
                                               of total net        available      31 December              30 June           30 June      balance of net
Items                                            proceeds             for use              2023               2024              2024      proceeds
                                                        %     (in HK$ million)   (in HK$ million)   (in HK$ million)   (in HK$ million)


To fund part of the expenditure for the
  construction of new production facilities
  of the Company in Chengdu Phase I
  Project, Wuhan Phase II Project, Hefei
  Phase I and II Project, Guangdong
  Jiangmen Phase I Project and Sichuan
  Meishan Project, totalling 95GWh of EV
  batteries and energy storage system
  production lines                                      80          7,984.08             837.09             183.19            653.90      By 31 December
                                                                                                                                            2024
For advanced technologies research
  and development                                       10            998.01                   –                  –                  –    N/A
For working capital and general corporate
  purposes                                              10            998.01                   –                  –                  –    N/A


Total                                                  100          9,980.10             837.09             183.19            653.90




                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024      23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Save as disclosed above, the Group has not utilized any other listing proceeds since the Listing Date and will continue to
     gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with the intended use as set out in the Prospectus. The expected
     timetable is based on the Company’s current best estimate of future market conditions and business operations, and will be
     adjusted according to the development of future market conditions and actual business needs.


     Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024, neither the Group nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any
     of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company
     did not hold treasury shares.


     Interim Dividend
     The Board has resolved neither to recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024,
     nor to convert capital reserve to share capital or make other forms of distribution.


     Events after the period
     After due and careful consideration, our Directors confirm that, there has been no material adverse change in financial or
     trading position or prospects of the Company since 30 June 2024 to the date of this report.


     Employees and Remuneration Policy
     The Company has established and continuously improved the remuneration and benefit management system, optimized
     the salary structure, and actively built a remuneration and benefit system of “determining salary based on position and
     determining bonus based on contribution”, featuring both external competitiveness and internal fairness. The Company
     builds a fair and transparent promotion platform for employees, comprehensively evaluates and analyzes employees’
     potential for promotion, competency, performance and values, and analyzes employees’ comprehensive capabilities and
     potentials. The Company has established a salary adjustment system that is externally competitive, internally fair, and
     individually balanced to maximize the potential of the team and individuals. The Company comprehensively evaluates the
     achievement of the targets on the company level as well as of each system and the achievement of the labor cost targets of
     each system, then distributes the bonuses according to the performance contributions. The Company continues to optimize
     and promote the talent incentive plan, and establishes a hierarchical and classified incentive system for different employee
     categories to further enhance employees’ sense of belonging, accomplishment and honor. As at 30 June 2024, the total
     number of employees of the Group was 12,286.


     Change of Particulars of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
     Mr. Li Yunxiang resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company on 26 August 2024 due to work adjustment, with
     effect from 26 August 2024.


     Save as disclosed in this report, during the six months ended 30 June 2024 and up to the date of this report, there has
     been no change in the information which was required to be disclosed by the Directors, Supervisors and members of the
     senior management pursuant to Rule 13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.




24   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                 Corporate Governance and Other Information




Transaction, Arrangement or Contract of Significance
Save as disclosed in this report, at any time during the six months ended 30 June 2024, no transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance, to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director, a Supervisor
or any entity in connection with any Director or Supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
at the end of the period or at any time during the period.


Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and its Associated
Corporations
As at 30 June 2024, the long positions and short positions in our Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our Company
or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of
our Company have or are taken or deemed to have (a) which shall be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in
the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to the Supervisors)
are as follows:


                                                                                                               Percentage of      Percentage of
                                                                                                               shareholdings      shareholdings
 Name of Directors,                                                                               Number        in respective        in the total
 Supervisors or                                          Nature of       Class of                of shares     class of share              share
 chief executive                        Position         interests       shares held                 held(1)        capital (2)        capital (3)


 Liu Jingyu                             Executive        Beneficial      Domestic                1,732,216             0.15%               0.10%
                                          director         owner           Shares
 Dai Ying                               Executive        Beneficial      Domestic                1,196,820             0.10%               0.07%
                                          director         owner           Shares

Notes:

(1)      All interests above represent long positions.

(2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 30 June 2024 (i.e. 1,160,633,753
         Domestic Shares and 611,668,105 H Shares).

(3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as
         at 30 June 2024.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of our Company had or
was taken or deemed to have the long positions and short positions in our Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our
Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (a) which shall be notified to us and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if
they applied to the Supervisors).




                                                                                                                           INTERIM REPORT 2024         25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders and Other Persons in
     the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
     As at 30 June 2024, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors, Supervisors or
     the chief executive of the Company) had the interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which shall be
     notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required to be
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                     Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                                                     shareholdings     shareholdings
                                                                                                                                      in respective           in the
                                                            Nature of                            Class of             Number of      class of share      total share
     Name of Shareholders                                   Interests                            shares             shares held(1)        capital(2)        capital(3)


     Changzhou Jinsha Technology                            Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   172,255,431(L)        14.84%(L)          9.72%(L)
        Investment Co., Ltd.*                               Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares     8,642,400(L)         0.74%(L)          0.49%(L)
        (“Jinsha Investment”)(7)                            Beneficial owner                     H Shares           79,874,850(L)        13.06%(L)          4.51%(L)
     Changzhou Huake Engineering Construction               Beneficial owner                     H Shares           55,897,277(L)         9.14%(L)          3.15%(L)
        Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”) (7)
     Changzhou Huake Technology Investment Co., Ltd.*       Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    77,785,163(L)         6.70%(L)          4.39%(L)
        (“Huake Investment”)(7)
     Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry          Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   120,546,199(L)        10.39%(L)          6.80%(L)
        Development Co., Ltd.*                              Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           55,897,277(L)         9.14%(L)          3.15%(L)
        (“Jintan Hualuogeng”) (4) & (7)
     Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding                      Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   301,444,030(L)        25.97%(L)         17.01%(L)
        Co., Ltd.* (“Jintan Holding”)     (5) & (6) & (7)
                                                            Others                               Domestic Shares    24,000,000(L)         2.07%(L)          1.35%(L)
                                                            Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares          135,772,127(L)        22.20%(L)          7.66%(L)
     Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment                        Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)         8.56%(L)          5.60%(L)
        Management Co., Ltd. (8)                            Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           42,559,842(L)         6.96%(L)          2.40%(L)
     Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership     Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)         8.56%(L)          5.60%(L)
        (Limited Partnership)* (“Lihang Jinzhi”)(8)         Beneficial owner                     H Shares           42,559,842(L)         6.96%(L)          2.40%(L)
     Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.                 Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    26,306,305(L)         2.27%(L)          1.48%(L)
        (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”) (9)                Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)         8.56%(L)          5.60%(L)
                                                            Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           42,559,842(L)         6.96%(L)          2.40%(L)
                                                            Beneficial owner                     H Shares           11,274,130(L)         1.84%(L)          0.64%(L)
     Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment Group               Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    26,306,305(L)         2.27%(L)          1.48%(L)
        Company Limited (“Jinyuan Investment”) (9)          Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   149,612,604(L)        12.89%(L)          8.44%(L)
                                                            Beneficial owner                     H Shares           11,274,130(L)         1.84%(L)          0.64%(L)
                                                            Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           66,616,541(L)        10.89%(L)          3.76%(L)




26   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                         Corporate Governance and Other Information




                                                                                                                              Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                                              shareholdings     shareholdings
                                                                                                                               in respective           in the
                                                     Nature of                            Class of             Number of      class of share      total share
 Name of Shareholders                                Interests                            shares             shares held(1)        capital(2)        capital(3)


 Sichuan Chengfei Integration Technology Co., Ltd*   Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   105,802,107(L)         9.12%(L)          5.97%(L)
      (“Chengfei Integration”)       (10)
                                                     Beneficial owner                     H Shares           45,343,760(L)         7.41%(L)          2.56%(L)
 Aviation Industry Corporation of China, Ltd.*       Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   163,970,995(L)        14.13%(L)          9.25%(L)
      (“Aviation Industry”)   (10)
                                                     Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           45,343,760(L)         7.41%(L)          2.56%(L)
 Guangdong Guangqi Ruidian Equity Investment         Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    63,912,844(L)         5.51%(L)          3.61%(L)
      Partnership (Limited Partnership)*
 Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (11)              Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           46,764,100(L)         7.65%(L)          2.64%(L)
 Hua An Fund Management Co., Ltd., representing      Others                               H Shares           42,831,600(L)         7.00%(L)          2.42%(L)
      HUAAN-XJ8-QDII, HUAAN-XJ10-QDII and HUAAN-
      XJ12-QDII(11)
 Huatai Securities Co., Ltd (12)                     Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares           31,931,800(L)         5.22%(L)          1.80%(L)
                                                     Interest in controlled corporation   H Shares            5,486,200(S)         0.90%(S)          0.31%(S)


Notes:

(1)         (L), (S) and (P) represent long position, short position and lending pool respectively.

(2)         The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 30 June 2024 (i.e. 1,160,633,753
            Domestic Shares and 611,668,105 H Shares).

(3)         The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company as at 30 June 2024 (i.e.
            1,772,301,858 shares).

(4)         Each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Hualuogeng. Jintan Hualuogeng is deemed to be interested in
            the Shares held by each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(5)         Jinsha Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Jintan Hualuogeng is owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding. Jintan Holding is a state-
            owned enterprise and controlled by the Government of Jintan District. Jintan Holding is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each
            of Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(6)         The investment by Jintan International in our Company was made in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding and Jintan
            International exercises its voting rights in our Company in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding.

(7)         Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International, Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding are a group of largest
            Shareholders and directly or indirectly control an aggregate of approximately 26.02% of our Company’s voting rights.

(8)         Lihang Jinzhi is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC with Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co.,
            Ltd.* (廈門鋰航股權投資管理有限公司) being its general partner and Xiamen Industrial Investment being its limited partner. According to
            the partnership agreement of Lihang Jinzhi which provides, among other things, that the investment decision committee of Lihang Jinzhi
            shall comprise three members, of which Xiamen Industrial Investment shall be entitled to nominate two members, and Xiamen Industrial
            Investment exercises de facto control of Lihang Jinzhi. As such, Xiamen Industrial Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
            by Lihang Jinzhi under the SFO. Xiamen Industrial Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore
            Xiamen Industrial Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 10.13% of our Company’s voting rights.




                                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024          27
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     (9)    Xiamen Industrial Investment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jinyuan Investment and as such Jinyuan Investment is deemed to be interested
            in all the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi and Xiamen Industrial Investment under the SFO. Moreover, each of Xiamen Jinli No. 2 and Jinli
            Investment owns approximately 1.35% and 0.72% interests in our Company respectively. Xiamen Jinli No. 2 is a limited partnership with
            Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) being its general partner. Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity
            Investment Co., Ltd* is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. Jinli Investment is a limited partnership with Jinyuan Capital Management
            (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金圓資本管理(廈門)有限公司) being its general partner. Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* is ultimately
            controlled by Jinyuan Investment. As such, Jinyuan Investment is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of Xiamen Jinli
            No. 2 and Jinli Investment under the SFO. Jinyuan Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore
            Jinyuan Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 14.32% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (10)   Chengfei Integration is a joint stock limited company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002190) and
            ultimately controlled by AVIC. As such, AVIC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Chengfei Integration under the SFO. Moreover,
            each of Aviation Industry Integration Fund, Missile Academy, Aviation Investment and Hongdu Airline owns approximately 0.68%, 0.55%,
            0.09% and 0.08% interests in our Company respectively, and each of the above companies and partnerships is ultimately controlled by AVIC,
            which is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by such companies and partnerships under the SFO. Therefore, AVIC indirectly
            controls an aggregate of approximately 9.93% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (11)   HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd is the asset manager of (1) HUAAN-XJ8-QDII－SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN, (2) HUAAN-XJ10-
            QDII－SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and (3) HUAAN-XJ12-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and is deemed to be interested in
            the Shares held by abovementioned three assets management plans under the SFO. Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. held 51% of the equity
            interest in HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd and is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by HuaAn Fund Management Co. under the
            SFO.

     (12)   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. held 100% interests in Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited. Huatai International Financial
            Holdings Company Limited held 100% interests in Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited and Huatai Capital Investment Limited.
            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited held 7,043,100 H Shares in long position. Huatai Capital Investment Limited held 24,888,700
            H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position. Therefore, Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited is
            deemed to be interested in 31,931,800 H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position and Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. is
            deemed to be interested in 31,931,800 H Shares in long position and 5,486,200 H Shares in short position under the SFO.


     Pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, the Shareholders are required to file disclosure of interests forms when certain criteria
     are fulfilled. When a Shareholder’s shareholding in the Company changes, it is not necessary for the Shareholder to notify
     the Company and the Stock Exchange unless certain criteria are fulfilled, therefore the Shareholder’s latest shareholding in
     the Company may be different to the shareholding filed with the Stock Exchange.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2024, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
     which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
     holding company or any subsidiary of the Company’s holding company, a party to any arrangement that would enable
     Directors or Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
     other body corporate, and none of the Directors or the Supervisors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18
     were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had
     exercised any such right.




28   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                       Profit or Loss     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                   Unaudited
                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                   Note       RMB’000             RMB’000


Revenue                                             6      12,469,237           12,294,712
Cost of sales                                             (10,521,107)         (11,115,647)


Gross profit                                                 1,948,130           1,179,065
Investment and other income                         7          145,957             118,549
Other losses, net                                   8         (140,025)            (321,128)
Selling expenses                                              (204,963)            (107,842)
Administrative expenses                                       (517,537)            (313,052)
Research and development expenses                             (542,225)            (170,571)
Impairment losses on trade and bills receivables               (31,185)             (20,615)
Reversal of impairment losses on prepayments,
  deposits and other receivables                                    622                  370


Profit from operations                                         658,774             364,776
Finance costs                                                 (297,536)            (138,290)
Share of losses of associates                                      (114)                 (18)


Profit before tax                                              361,124             226,468
Income tax credit                                   9           56,182               40,019


Profit for the period                              10          417,306             266,487


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                          248,987             146,517
Non-controlling interests                                      168,319             119,970


                                                               417,306             266,487


Earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share)    12
Basic                                                           0.1405               0.0827


Diluted                                                         0.1405               0.0827




                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024        29
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024            2023
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


     Profit for the period                                               417,306         266,487


     Other comprehensive expense:
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI“)                             (70,857)         (9,847)


     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                (3,482)           791


     Other comprehensive expense for the period, net of tax               (74,339)         (9,056)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                           342,967         257,431


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                               174,648         137,461
     Non-controlling interests                                           168,319         119,970


                                                                         342,967         257,431




30   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                             Financial Position
                                                                                       At 30 June 2024


                                                                        Unaudited         Audited
                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                 Note    RMB’000          RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    13     73,252,040      67,694,816
Right-of-use assets                                              14      1,774,966       1,786,328
Intangible assets                                                15      1,399,601       1,358,099
Investments in associates                                                  16,080           16,194
Other financial assets                                                    757,740          639,267
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment   17      1,372,085       1,255,202
Deferred tax assets                                                       707,079          568,099


                                                                        79,279,591      73,318,005


Current assets
Inventories                                                              4,581,742       7,125,768
Trade and bills receivables                                      16      8,420,192       6,829,306
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      17      7,109,258       8,536,035
Amounts due from related parties                                 18       304,993          232,585
Other financial assets                                                    702,227          143,676
Current tax assets                                                               –          27,790
Pledged bank deposits                                                    1,868,342       1,381,631
Restricted bank balances                                                      302               267
Bank and cash balances                                                   8,995,866       7,833,962


                                                                        31,982,922      32,111,020


Current liabilities
Trade and bills payables                                         19     17,814,321      19,958,859
Accruals and other payables                                              6,426,185       7,513,703
Contract liabilities                                                      183,255          616,955
Amounts due to related parties                                   18       357,043          425,700
Lease liabilities                                                          24,339           17,036
Bank borrowings                                                         10,801,343       8,114,805
Provisions                                                                134,967           98,678
Current tax liabilities                                                    19,189           75,725


                                                                        35,760,642      36,821,461


Net current liabilities                                                 (3,777,720)     (4,710,441)


Total assets less current liabilities                                   75,501,871      68,607,564

                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024     31
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 30 June 2024




                                                                          Unaudited        Audited
                                                                            30 June    31 December
                                                                               2024           2023
                                                             Note          RMB’000        RMB’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Deferred income                                                        251,452        192,846
     Lease liabilities                                                       70,305         65,765
     Bank borrowings                                                     26,713,712     21,055,929
     Provisions                                                            1,088,600       895,286
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                  9,218        11,948


                                                                         28,133,287     22,221,774


     NET ASSETS                                                          47,368,584     46,385,790


     Capital and reserves
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                           21            1,772,302     1,772,302
     Reserves                                                            33,063,560     32,873,598


                                                                         34,835,862     34,645,900


     Non-controlling interests                                           12,532,722     11,739,890


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                        47,368,584     46,385,790


     Approved by the Board of Directors on 29 August 2024:




                                Ms. LIU Jingyu                      Mr. DAI Ying




32   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                            Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                              Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2024


                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                 Share
                                                capital/                                                                                         Financial
                                                paid-in                                 Safety Contribution                                      assets at                                     Non –
                                                capital       Capital     Merger    production          from       Exchange      Put option       FVTOCI        Retained                  controlling        Total
                                              (Note 21)       reserve     reserve        fund    shareholder         reserve          reserve     reserve       earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2023 (audited)                   1,772,302    32,455,446      8,058             –        98,980          (7,653)        (261,157)   (120,654)       433,996    34,379,318     7,196,141    41,575,459


Total comprehensive income for the period             –             –          –             –             –            791                 –      (9,847)       146,517      137,461        119,970      257,431
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders                                        –             –          –             –             –               –                –           –              –             –     3,090,000     3,090,000
Share-based payments (note 20)                        –             –           –            –        20,705               –                –           –              –       20,705              –       20,705
Share issue expenses                                  –       (37,570)          –            –             –               –                –           –              –       (37,570)            –       (37,570)
Safety production fund                                –             –           –        5,143             –               –                –           –         (5,143)            –             –             –


Changes in equity for the period                      –       (37,570)         –         5,143        20,705            791                 –      (9,847)       141,374      120,596      3,209,970     3,330,566


At 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                   1,772,302    32,417,876      8,058         5,143       119,685          (6,862)        (261,157)   (130,501)       575,370    34,499,914    10,406,111    44,906,025


At 1 January 2024 (audited)                   1,772,302    32,418,662      8,058        12,606       139,611          (8,966)        (261,157)   (150,020)       714,804    34,645,900    11,739,890    46,385,790


Total comprehensive income for the period             –             –          –             –             –          (3,482)               –     (70,857)       248,987      174,648        168,319      342,967
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders                                        –             –          –             –             –               –                –           –              –             –       619,600      619,600
Share-based payments (note 20)                        –             –           –            –        20,227               –                –           –              –       20,227              –       20,227
Safety production fund                                –             –           –       12,604             –               –                –           –        (17,517)       (4,913)        4,913             –


Changes in equity for the period                      –             –          –        12,604        20,227          (3,482)               –     (70,857)       231,470      189,962        792,832      982,794


At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                   1,772,302    32,418,662      8,058        25,210       159,838         (12,448)        (261,157)   (220,877)       946,274    34,835,862    12,532,722    47,368,584




                                                                                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024                   33
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




                                                                             Unaudited
                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


     NET CASH GENERATED FROM/(USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES             1,254,970        (2,724,886)


     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                                    64,351            77,688
     Dividend received from other financial assets                          1,660                 –
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment      (137,607)       (1,794,063)
     Payments of property, plant and equipment                         (7,567,765)   (11,705,816)
     Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment               4,232            1,490
     Received government grants in relation to assets                     67,956             4,000
     Payments of right-of-use assets                                            –         (227,497)
     Addition of intangible assets                                       (110,178)          (58,530)
     Investment in limited partnership                                   (127,595)          (66,000)
     Purchase of other financial assets                                (3,233,716)          (87,756)
     Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                   2,600,620           67,756
     Decrease in amounts due from related parties                              17                 –
     Decrease in pledged bank deposits                                    29,769           100,050
     (Increase)/decrease in restricted bank balances                          (35)               42


     Net cash used in investing activities                             (8,408,291)   (13,688,636)


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Net proceeds from bank borrowings                                  8,379,072     11,246,646
     Principal elements of lease payments                                  (7,140)           (6,428)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                 619,600         3,090,000
     Share issue expenses                                                       –            (4,965)
     Interest paid                                                       (664,905)        (431,406)


     Net cash generated from financing activities                       8,326,627     13,893,847


     NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS               1,173,306        (2,519,675)


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD                   7,833,962     10,931,814


     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                              (11,402)          32,655


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                         8,995,866        8,444,794


     ANALYSIS OF THE CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Bank and cash balances                                             8,995,866        8,444,794



34   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024




1.   General Information
     CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司) is a joint stock limited company registered in the People’s
     Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Company’s H shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited since 6 October 2022. The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is No. 1
     Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


     The Group has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
     ESS products.


     The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB’000”), unless
     otherwise stated.


2.   Basis of Preparation
     These condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
     Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accountant Standard Board (the “IASB”) and
     applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited.


     These condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
     statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 (“2023 Annual Report”), which have been
     prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by IASB. Except as described below, the accounting
     policies (including the significant judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and
     the key sources of estimation uncertainty) and methods of computation used in the preparation of these condensed
     consolidated financial statements are consistent with those used in the 2023 Annual Report.


3.   New and Amended IFRS Accounting Standards
     A.     New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards adopted by the Group
            The Group has applied the following amendments for the first time from 1 January 2024:


            •        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities with Covenants –
                     Amendments to IAS 1;


            •        Lease Liability in Sale and Leaseback – Amendments to IFRS 16; and


            •        Supplier Finance Arrangements – Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7.




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024        35
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     3.      New and Amended IFRS Accounting Standards (cont’d)
             A.      New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards adopted by the Group (cont’d)
                     As a result of the adoption of the amendments to IAS 1, the Group changed its accounting policy for the
                     classification of borrowings as below:


                     “Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a
                     right to defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period. ”


                     This new policy did not result in a change in the classification of the Group’s borrowings. The Group did not
                     make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting the amendments to IAS 1.


                     Except for those as mentioned above, the Group did not change its accounting policies or make retrospective
                     adjustments as a result of adopting other amended standards or revised interpretation.


             B.      Impact of new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards issued but not yet adopted
                     by the Group
                     In August 2023, IASB amended IAS 21 to help entities to determine whether a currency is exchangeable into
                     another currency, and which spot exchange rate to use when it is not. These new requirements will apply
                     for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025. The management does not expect the
                     amendment to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.


                     In April 2024, IASB issued IFRS 18 which is effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1
                     January 2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 introduces significant changes to the presentation
                     of financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance present in the statement
                     of profit or loss, which will affect how the Group present and disclose financial performance in the financial
                     statements. The key changes introduced in IFRS 18 relate to (i) the structure of the statement of profit
                     or loss, (ii) required disclosures for management-defined performance measures (which are referred to
                     alternative or non-GAAP performance measures), and (iii) enhanced requirements for aggregation and
                     disaggregation of information. The management is currently assessing the impact of applying IFRS 18 on the
                     presentation and the disclosures of the consolidated financial statements.




36   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2024




4.   Fair Value Measurements
     Except as disclosed below, the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in
     the condensed consolidated statement of financial position approximate their respective fair values.


     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
     fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


     Level 1 inputs:    quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
                        access at the measurement date.


     Level 2 inputs:    inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                        liability, either directly or indirectly.


     Level 3 inputs:    unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


     The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
     event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.


     The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair value of financial assets, including their levels in the fair
     value hierarchy. It does not include fair value information for financial assets not measured at fair value if the
     carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.




                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2024        37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     4.      Fair Value Measurements (cont’d)
             (a)     Disclosure of level in fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                       As at
                                                                          Fair value measurements using:            30 June
                                                                          Level 1       Level 2       Level 3          2024
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                      (unaudited)   (unaudited)   (unaudited)    (unaudited)


                      Recurring fair value measurements:
                      Financial assets
                      Financial assets at FVTOCI
                      – Certificate of deposits                                 –      514,346              –       514,346
                      – Investment in a listed equity security           109,699              –             –       109,699
                      – Investment in unlisted equity securities                –             –      478,846        478,846
                      Financial assets at fair value through profit
                        or loss (“FVTPL”)
                      – Investments in a listed equity security           31,287              –             –        31,287
                      – Investment in unlisted debt instruments                 –       50,000       275,789        325,789


                                                                         140,986       564,346       754,635       1,459,967



                                                                                                                       As at
                                                                          Fair value measurements using:        31 December
                                                                          Level 1       Level 2       Level 3          2023
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                        (audited)     (audited)     (audited)      (audited)


                      Recurring fair value measurements:
                      Financial assets
                      Financial assets at FVTOCI
                      –Certificate of deposits                                  –      104,926              –       104,926
                      – Investment in a listed equity security           193,060              –             –       193,060
                      – Investment in an unlisted equity security               –             –      296,793        296,793
                      Financial assets at FVTPL
                      – Investments in a listed equity security           38,750              –             –        38,750
                      – Investment in an unlisted debt instrument               –             –      149,414        149,414


                                                                         231,810       104,926       446,207        782,943




38   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024




4.   Fair Value Measurements (cont’d)
     (b)   Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3:

                                                                     Financial assets   Financial assets
                                                                          at FVTPL -        at FVTOCI -
                                                                       Investment in      Investment in
                                                                       unlisted debt    unlisted equity                 2024
                                                                         instruments          securities               Total
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                         (unaudited)       (unaudited)          (unaudited)


           At 1 January                                                      149,414            296,793             446,207
           Total gains or losses recognised
             in profit or loss                                                (1,220)                  –              (1,220)
             in other comprehensive income                                         –              2,115                2,115
           Purchases                                                         127,595            179,938             307,533


           At 30 June                                                        275,789            478,846             754,635


           During the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, there were no transfer into or out of level 3 fair value
           measurements.


           The total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income are presented in fair value changes of
           equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) in the condensed consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


           The total gains or losses recognised in profit or loss including those for assets held at end of reporting period
           are presented in other losses, net in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024        39
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     4.      Fair Value Measurements (cont’d)
             (c)     Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and
                     inputs used in fair value measurements:
                     The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of financial assets and financial
                     liabilities required for financial reporting purposes, including level 2 and level 3 fair value measurements.
                     The financial controller reports directly to the Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of
                     valuation processes and results are held between the financial controller and the Directors at least once a
                     year.


                     For level 2 fair value measurements, specific valuation techniques the Group to evaluate the financial assets
                     include the annual interest rates for certificate of deposits.


                     Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                            Effect on fair           Fair value
                                                                                             Unobservable   value for            30 June 31 December
                      Description                                  Valuation technique       inputs         increase of inputs      2024            2023
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Investment in unlisted debt instruments      Net assets value of       Net assets     Increase             275,789          149,414
                        classified as financial assets at FVTPL      underlying investment


                      Investment in unlisted equity securities     Net assets value of       Net assets     Increase             478,846          296,793
                        classified as financial assets at FVTOCI     underlying investment


                     There were no changes in the valuation techniques used.


     5.      Segment Information
             The Group is mainly engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
             ESS products in the PRC, and all the assets are substantially located in the PRC. Accordingly, there is only one single
             business reportable segment which is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker.


     6.      Revenue
             The Group’s operation and main revenue streams are those described in the 2023 Annual Report. The Group’s
             revenue is derived from contracts with customers.




40   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June 2024




6.   Revenue (cont’d)
     Disaggregation of revenue
     Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service line for the periods is as
     follows:


                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                   (unaudited)           (unaudited)


     Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
     Sales of EV batteries                                                                           9,723,980               10,377,467
     Sales of ESS products and others                                                                2,745,257                1,917,245


                                                                                                   12,469,237                12,294,712


     The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the following
     major product lines and geographical regions:


                                                                                 Sales of ESS products
                                                     Sales of EV battery              and others                         Total
     For the six months ended 30 June                   2024          2023           2024           2023             2024           2023
                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                   (unaudited) (unaudited)     (unaudited) (unaudited)        (unaudited) (unaudited)


     Primary geographic markets
       – Mainland China                             9,560,146   10,264,880      2,677,900     1,655,284       12,238,046       11,920,164
       – Europe                                        46,876       35,800          6,927          58,142           53,803        93,942
       – Asia                                         103,554       72,361         52,832       183,419          156,386         255,780
       – America                                       11,671        3,766          7,598          20,400           19,269        24,166
       – Others                                         1,733          660              –                –           1,733           660


     Revenue from external customers                9,723,980   10,377,467      2,745,257     1,917,245       12,469,237       12,294,712


     Timing of revenue recognition
     Products transferred at a point in time        9,723,980   10,377,467      2,721,566     1,912,994       12,445,546       12,290,461
     Products and services transferred over time            –              –       23,691           4,251           23,691          4,251


     Total                                          9,723,980   10,377,467      2,745,257     1,917,245       12,469,237       12,294,712




                                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2024         41
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     7.      Investment and Other Income

                                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                         2024              2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)        (unaudited)


              Interest income on:
                Bank deposits                                                                          64,748            69,541
                Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                              5,865              8,147


              Total interest income                                                                    70,613            77,688
              Government grants and subsidies (note)                                                   15,553            33,216
              Cash discount income                                                                     52,279                  –
              Compensation from suppliers                                                               6,435              5,820
              Insurance compensation income                                                               854                979
              Others                                                                                      223                846


                                                                                                      145,957           118,549


             Note:



                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                    (unaudited)       (unaudited)


             Research and development subsidies                                                            705             14,720
             Subsidies on industry development                                                           1,739             17,052
             Tax concession                                                                             11,867                  –
             Others                                                                                      1,242              1,444


                                                                                                        15,553             33,216



             The government subsidies as set out above were received for compensation for or reimbursement of costs or
             expenses previously incurred and recognised in profit or loss in the current period in which they became receivable.


             Apart from above, the Group has recognised government grants of approximately RMB248 million (2023: RMB1,755
             million) in total during the six months period ended 30 June 2024, which were accounted for in accordance with
             the accounting policies as set forth in note 4(aa) to the 2023 annual report. These government grants, mostly being
             income-related, were used to offset the related operating costs and expenses or deduct from the carrying value
             of the related property, plant and equipment if they are asset-related. There were no conditions attached to these
             government grants that were unfulfilled as at the end of the reporting period.




42   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




8.   Other losses, net

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)         (unaudited)


     Allowance for inventories                                                          (126,574)            (330,587)
     Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                        (8,682)            (32,003)
     Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL held at the end of the period           1,660                     –
     Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                   (5,855)             41,069
     Net (loss)/gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment                            (574)                 163
     Net gain on lease modification                                                              –                 230


                                                                                        (140,025)            (321,128)


9.   Income tax credit
     Income tax credit has been recognised in profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)         (unaudited)


     Current tax – PRC
        Provision for the period                                                         (73,439)             (51,146)
     Current tax – Others
        Provision for the period                                                              (51)                 (36)


                                                                                         (73,490)             (51,182)


     Deferred tax                                                                        129,672               91,201


                                                                                          56,182               40,019




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024        43
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     9.      Income tax credit (cont’d)
             Under the relevant income tax law, the PRC subsidiaries are subject to Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a statutory
             rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the periods.


             The Company and certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were approved to be high and new technology
             enterprises and were entitled to a reduced EIT rate of 15%. The high and new technology enterprises certificates
             need to be renewed every three years so as to enable the Company and those subsidiaries to enjoy the reduced EIT
             rate of 15%.


     10. Profit for the period
             The Group’s profit for the periods is arrived after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                             2024           2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                       (unaudited)    (unaudited)


              Allowance for inventories                                                                   126,574         330,587
              Amortisation of intangible assets                                                            82,457          77,168
              Cost of inventories sold                                                                 10,521,107      11,115,647
              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                               949,230         715,810
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                          28,529          32,750
              Employee benefit expenses (including Directors’ emoluments):
                Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                            805,155       1,107,813
                Equity-settled share-based payments                                                        20,227          20,705
                Retirement benefit scheme contribution                                                     67,514          84,622
              Net loss/(gain) on disposals of property, plant and equipment                                   574            (163)
              Net gain on lease modification                                                                     –           (230)
              Impairment loss on trade and bills receivables                                               31,185          20,615
              Reversal of impairment loss on prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      (622)          (370)


     11. Dividends
             The Directors do not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months period ended 30 June
             2024 (2023: Nil).




44   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024




12. Earnings per share
    The calculation of the basic earnings per share during the periods is based on the profit for the period attributable
    to ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue or deemed
    to be in issue.


    (a)    Basic earnings per share
           For the six months ended 30 June 2024 and 2023, the calculation of basic earnings per share is based on
           the profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company of approximately profit of RMB248,987,000
           (unaudited) and profit of RMB146,517,000 (unaudited) respectively and the weighted average number of
           ordinary shares of approximately 1,772,302,000 (unaudited) and 1,772,302,000 (unaudited) in issue during
           the respective periods.


    (b)    Diluted earnings per share
           No diluted earnings per share was presented as the Company did not have any dilutive potential ordinary
           shares during the periods.


13. Property, plant and equipment
    During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment of approximately
    RMB6,533,777,000 (2023: RMB15,723,152,000).


14. Right-of-use assets
    During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group leases various factories and office premises for its operations.
    Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In
    determining the lease term and assessing the length of non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of
    a contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable. On lease commencement, the Group
    recognised RMB15,184,000 (2023: RMB5,431,000) of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the factories and
    office premises.


    During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group acquired land use right of RMB Nil (2023: RMB227,497,000).


15. Intangible assets
    During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Group acquired intangible assets of approximately RMB112,017,000
    (2023: RMB58,530,000).




                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024        45
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     16. Trade and bills receivables
                                                                                                      30 June         31 December
                                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)             (audited)


              Trade receivables
              Receivables from third parties                                                        7,375,397            5,084,887
              Due from related parties (note 18)                                                       52,992               74,964
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                           (119,824)             (88,639)


                                                                                                    7,308,565            5,071,212
              Bills receivables                                                                     1,111,627            1,758,094


                                                                                                    8,420,192            6,829,306


             The credit terms, being granted to independent third parties, are generally within 90 days. Each customer has a
             maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain
             strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the Directors.

             The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date, and net of allowance is as follows:


                                                                                                      30 June         31 December
                                                                                                         2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)             (audited)


              0 to 180 days                                                                         6,210,090            4,808,770
              181 to 365 days                                                                         966,477               70,292
              1 to 2 years                                                                            130,416              191,698
              Over 2 years                                                                              1,582                  452


                                                                                                    7,308,565            5,071,212


             Reconciliation of allowance for trade receivables:


                                                                                                        2024                 2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)            (audited)


              At 1 January                                                                              88,639              27,876
              Allowance for the period/year, net                                                        31,185              60,763


              At 30 June/31 December                                                                  119,824               88,639




46   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2024




17. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables

                                                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)             (audited)


    Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     1,372,085           1,255,202
    Prepayments                                                                        1,506,800           1,321,990
    Other tax receivables                                                              3,938,157           4,725,566
    Government subsidies receivable                                                    1,590,000           2,390,000
    Other deposits                                                                        60,465               54,800
    Other receivables                                                                     13,836               43,679


                                                                                       8,481,343           9,791,237


    Analysed as:
    Non-current assets                                                                 1,372,085           1,255,202
    Current assets                                                                     7,109,258           8,536,035


                                                                                       8,481,343           9,791,237


    Reconciliation of allowances for prepayments, deposits and other receivables:


                                                                                            2024                 2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)             (audited)


    At 1 January                                                                            6,956               7,836
    Allowance for the period/year                                                            (622)                (880)


    At 30 June/31 December                                                                  6,334               6,956




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2024        47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     18. Balances with related parties
                                                                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                             2024                  2023
                                                                                                       Note              RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (unaudited)              (audited)


                 Trade receivables
                   － 中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology
                        (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (“Luoyang Company”)                                         16                  52,992                 74,964


                 Amounts due from related parties
                 Trade-related:
                   – Luoyang Company                                                                    (iii)               304,993                232,568
                 Non-trade related:
                   － 常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering
                        Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)                                                                –                   17


                                                                                                                            304,993                232,585


                 Trade payables
                   – Luoyang Company                                                                     19                          –                  230


                 Amount due to related parties
                 Trade related:
                   – Luoyang Company                                                                                         30,696                       –
                   – Huake Engineering                                                                                        2,202                       –


                                                                                                                             32,898                       –


                 Amounts due to related parties
                 Non-trade related:
                   – 江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Construction
                       Projects Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                                               324,005                425,560
                   – Huake Engineering                                                                                          140                    140


                                                                                                                            324,145                425,700


                 Total amounts due to related parties                                                                       357,043                425,700
                 Less: amounts due to related parties – current portion                                                    (357,043)              (425,700)


                 Amounts due to related parties – non-current portion                                                                –                    –


             *
                       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.




48   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024




18. Balances with related parties (cont’d)
    Notes:

    (i)      The trade-related outstanding balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable within credit term of
             180 days.

    (ii)     The non-trade related balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.

    (iii)    The balance represents the prepayment for the purchase of goods in accordance with the contractual term.



19. Trade and bills payables

                                                                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                         (unaudited)              (audited)


     Trade payables
     Payables to third parties                                                                              7,233,460            8,233,408
     Due to related parties (note 18)                                                                                   –                230


                                                                                                            7,233,460            8,233,638
     Bills payables                                                                                       10,580,861            11,725,221


                                                                                                          17,814,321            19,958,859


    As at 30 June 2024, bills payables were secured by bills receivables of RMB183,000,000 (31 December 2023:
    RMB295,713,000) and pledged bank deposits of RMB1,454,284,000 (31 December 2023: RMB938,539,000),
    respectively.


    The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods is as follows:


                                                                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                         (unaudited)              (audited)


     0 to 180 days                                                                                          7,216,673            8,215,702
     181 to 365 days                                                                                             9,185               17,928
     1 to 2 years                                                                                                7,602                      8


                                                                                                            7,233,460            8,233,638




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2024        49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     20. Share-Based Payments
             During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company approved and adopted a share incentive scheme (“2019
             Share Incentive Scheme”) involving 6 senior management, namely, Ms. Liu Jingyu, Dr. Pan Fangfang, Mr. Dai Ying,
             Mr. Geng Yan’an, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang and Mr. He Fan (collectively, the “Six Senior Management”). The purposes
             of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme are to stimulate the enthusiasm and creativity of the Six Senior Management,
             enhance their sense of responsibility and mission of achieving the Company’s long-term sustainable and healthy
             development, and ensure the realization of the Company’s strategic goals.


             The Six Senior Management have formed a limited company, Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment (“Share Incentive
             Vehicle”). A limited partnership company, Lihang Jinzhi (“Partnership”) was formed, and the Share Incentive
             Vehicle and a related entity of a government shareholder of the Company (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”)
             were required to contribute RMB10 million and RMB1,500 million, respectively, to the Partnership. After that, the
             Partnership has subscribed for registered capital of the Company.


             The Partnership has a prescribed operation period of 10 years, and all investment proceeds of it (after deducting
             expenses and tax), including all distribution, interest and dividend from the Company will be distributed to the Share
             Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment in the following manner:


             (a)     Distribute to the Share Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment proportionally to their capital
                     contribution of the Partnership until they fully recover their capital contributions to it;


             (b)     Any investment proceeds in excess of (a) above will be firstly distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment
                     in an amount that represent 6% annual return to its capital contribution to the Partnership;


             (c)     2 years after all legal and regulatory requirements for freely disposing the Partnership’s equity interest in the
                     Company are fulfilled, and after the distributions in (a) and (b) above, the Partnership shall dispose of all its
                     equity interest in the Company. 20% of the net proceeds from the disposal will be distributed to the Share
                     Incentive Vehicle and the remaining 80% will be distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment.


             The manner of distribution above enables the Six Senior Management to receive possible future cash proceeds,
             through the Share Incentive Vehicle, that are disproportionate to their share of capital injections into the Partnership
             and the amount of such future cash proceeds to be received by the Share Incentive Vehicle will depend on many
             factors including future price of the Company’s equity, vesting date and other factors.


             The awards of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have been accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment.
             The management estimated the fair value of the awards and the length of the vesting period at grant date. The date
             of vesting will need to be re-estimated at each reporting date. The share-based payment expense will be recognised
             over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity of the condensed consolidated statement of financial
             position as a capital contribution from a government shareholder of the Company.




50   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024




20. Share-Based Payments (cont’d)
    Independent professional valuer was engaged to assist the management to determine the grant date fair value of
    the awards by binomial tree method with the following assumptions and inputs:


    – Vesting date initially estimated                                                                                          30 July 2027
    – Price per each registered capital of the Company                                                                              RMB1.02
    – Risk free rate                                                                                                                    3.69%
    – Dividend yield                                                                                                                         Nil
    – Estimated volatility of return of the Company’s equity                                                                          53.72%


    The fair value of the awards at grant date is estimated to be approximately RMB163 million. The following table set
    out the estimated vesting date adopted at each reporting date and the share-based payment expense charged to the
    condensed consolidated statement profit or loss of the Group.


                                                                                                                                Share-based
                                                                                                                                    payment
                                                                                                                                     expense
                                                                                                                                    RMB’000


    For the six months ended 30 June 2023 (unaudited)                                                                                  20,705
    For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                                  20,227


21. Share Capital

                                                                               Foreign ordinary shares
                                              RMB ordinary shares              listed outside mainland
                                                  of RMB1 each                   China of RMB1 each                         Total
                                           Number                                Number                              Number
                                           of shares       Share capital        of shares     Share capital         of shares       Share capital
                                                                 RMB’000                           RMB’000                              RMB’000


    Issued and fully paid:
    As at 31 December 2023 (audited)
      and 1 January 2024                 1,506,456,558           1,506,457    265,845,300           265,845     1,772,301,858          1,772,302
    Conversion of domestic shares
      into H shares                       (345,822,805)           (345,823)   345,822,805           345,823                 –                  –


    As at 30 June 2024 (unaudited)       1,160,633,753           1,160,634    611,668,105           611,668     1,772,301,858          1,772,302




                                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024          51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     22. Related Party Transactions
             (a)     The Group had the following material transactions with its related parties during the
                     periods:

                                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                              (unaudited)       (unaudited)


                      Revenue from sales of goods to
                        – Luoyang Company                                                          202,182             1,605
                      Entrusted processing services from
                        – Luoyang Company                                                          961,446          948,702
                      Purchase of property, plant and equipment from
                        – Luoyang Company                                                                 –          20,794
                      Disposal of property, plant and equipment to
                        – Luoyang Company                                                                 –            1,106
                      Rental fee income from
                        – Huake Engineering                                                           2,202            3,164
                      Rental fee charged by
                        – Huake Engineering                                                             14                 –
                        – Luoyang Company                                                                 –            1,145
                      Transportation and miscellaneous fee paid on behalf by
                        – Luoyang Company                                                                 –            8,243
                      Construction fees charged by
                        – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                            25,505           56,981


                     Since March 2021, Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment Group Company Limited (“Jinyuan Investment”)
                     has been providing financial guarantee to a subsidiary of the Group, Xiamen Company in favour of a group
                     of 6 banks, to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount (being RMB2,000 million) of a
                     loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years. The guarantee period of Jinyuan
                     Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee agreement to three years after the
                     expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan agreement.


                     Since January 2022, Jinyuan Investment has been providing another financial guarantee to Xiamen
                     Company in favour of a group of 6 banks to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount
                     (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years.
                     The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee
                     agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan
                     agreement.




52   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2024




22. Related Party Transactions (cont’d)
    (b)   Balances with related parties
          Details of the Group’s balances with related parties at the end of the period/year are disclosed in note 18.


    (c)   The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management
          during the periods was as follows:

                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)         (unaudited)


          Fees                                                                                     54                  360
          Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                        4,660               4,654
          Equity-settled share-based payments                                                 20,227               20,705
          Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                 198                  188


                                                                                              25,139               25,907


23. Contingent Liabilities
    (a)   The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables, discounted
          certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and entered into factoring arrangement
          to transfer trade receivables to a bank without recourse. These outstanding endorsed bank acceptance bills,
          discounted bank acceptance bills and factored trade receivables are generally with maturities no more than
          12 months. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards
          relating to these instruments; the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in
          accordance with the commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of these instruments
          was low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks or enterprises. As a result, the
          relevant assets and liabilities were derecognised on the condensed consolidated financial statements. The
          maximum exposure to the Group that may result from the default of these endorsed, discounted and
          factored instruments as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023 are as follows:



                                                                                             30 June       31 December
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)             (audited)


          Endorsed or discounted bills                                                     8,789,964           8,269,808
          Factored trade receivables                                                       1,192,000           1,700,000


                                                                                           9,981,964           9,969,808



                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2024        53
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     23. Contingent Liabilities (cont’d)
             (b)     During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
                     property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
                     the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
                     Luoyang Company is also a joint defendant in the Claim related to Patent II.


                     During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
                     VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
                     Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.


                     The Company received the respective first-instance judgements for the claims of Patent I, Patent III and
                     Patent IV delivered by Fuzhou Intermediate Court between November 2022 and February 2023. After due
                     consideration, the Company made a total provision of RMB8.64 million for the claims of Patent I, Patent III
                     and Patent IV based on the assessment result of the compensation amounts of the internal legal counsel
                     and external legal counsel by the end of June 2023. Details are set out in notes 39(b) and 48(b) in the 2022
                     Annual Report.


                     After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal advisors,
                     the Directors are of the view that the Claims relating to Patent II and Patent VI are lacking in merit and it is
                     not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the Claims.


                     Accordingly, the Group’s contingent liabilities related to the Claims as at 30 June 2023 are set out below:


                                                                                                          Damages             Expenses
                                                                                                        claimed by          claimed by
                      Claims related to:                                                                       CATL               CATL
                                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Patent II
                      relates to an air tightness
                         detection structure of explosion-proof
                         device arranged on the battery cover                                            365,000 *              1,200 *


                      Patent VI
                      relates to battery package assembly                                                130,000 *                500 *


                     *       The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II and Patent VI, and Luoyang
                             Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.


                     In December 2023, the Supreme Court has revoked the civil indictments from Fuzhou Intermediate Court
                     regarding claims of Patent I and Patent IV. As a result, the Company has reversed the provision of RMB8.4
                     million related to claims of Patent I and Patent IV by the end of 2023. Details are set out in notes 36(b) and
                     45(b) in the 2023 Annual Report.


54   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024




23. Contingent Liabilities (cont’d)
    (b)   (cont’d)

          During November 2022, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
          regarding the Claim related to Patent III and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall
          immediately cease selling products infringing the relevant patent; (2) the Group shall compensate CATL for
          its economic loss of RMB2.63 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million; (3) the Group to pay RMB0.13
          million fees for the temporary protection period for the relevant patent; and (4) other claims filed by CATL
          were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. The litigation
          has no significant progress until 30 June 2024, hence the Directors determined to maintain the provision of
          RMB240,000 for Claim of Patent III as at 30 June 2024.


          During May 2024, the Company received a civil judgement from the Higher Court of Fujian Province
          regarding the Claim related to Patent II and the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group and Luoyang
          Company shall immediately cease using, selling or offering to sell products infringing the relevant patent;
          (2) the Group and Luoyang Company shall jointly and severally compensate CATL for its economic loss of
          RMB40.6 million and reasonable costs of RMB1.0 million incurred for stopping the infringement; and (3)
          other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 20 May
          2024. The Company have appealed the first-instance judgement to the Supreme People’s Court with the
          appeal period.


          In July 2024, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Min 01 Min Chu No. 543) served
          by the Fuzhou Intermediate Court. The claim was petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and
          Fuzhou Cangshan Aion Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. (福州倉山埃安汽車銷售服務有限公司) (“Fuzhou
          Cangshan Aion”) (an automobile seller independent of the Company) in respect of an infringement claim
          on intellectual property rights of No. ZL201720968992.6 utility model patent (“Patent VII”) and the salient
          contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately cease manufacturing, selling and offering to sell
          products infringing the relevant patent; (2) Fuzhou Cangshan Aion shall immediately cease selling products
          infringing the relevant patent; and (3) the Group shall compensate CATL for its economic loss of RMB92
          million and reasonable costs of RMB0.3 million incurred for stopping the infringement.


          After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal advisors,
          the Directors are of the view that the Claims relating to Patent II, Patent VI and Patent VII are lacking in merit
          and it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the Claims.




                                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2024        55
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024




     23. Contingent Liabilities (cont’d)
             (b)     (cont’d)

                     Accordingly, the Group’s contingent liabilities related to the Claims as at 30 June 2024 are set out below:


                                                                                                          Damages             Expenses
                                                                                                        claimed by          claimed by
                      Claims related to:                                                                       CATL               CATL
                                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Patent II
                      relates to an air tightness
                         detection structure of explosion-proof
                         device arranged on the battery cover                                              40,558 *             1,018 *
                      Patent VI
                      relates to battery package assembly                                                130,000 *                500 *
                      Patent VII
                      relates to battery package assembly                                                    92,000                 300

                     *       The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II and Patent VI, and Luoyang
                             Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.


                     Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2024.


     24. Capital Commitments
             Capital commitments contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                                                            30 June      31 December
                                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                       (unaudited)           (audited)


              Property, plant and equipment                                                             13,321,508          19,153,765
              Intangible assets                                                                              54,952             24,653
              Leasehold lands                                                                                      –              3,101
              Capital contribution to associates                                                            321,300            320,000
              Capital contribution to partnership funds                                                     344,500            149,500
              Capital contribution to share subscription                                                           –           177,068


                                                                                                        14,042,260          19,828,087


     25. Approval of Financial Statements
             The interim financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 August
             2024.


56   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                        Definitions and Glossary


“Board”                          the board of directors of the Company


“Company”, “CALB”,               CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司), H Shares of which are listed
  “we” or “us”                   on the Stock Exchange with stock code of 3931


“connected person(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“controlling shareholder(s)”     has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company


“Domestic Share(s)”              ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi


“Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries


“H Share(s)”                     the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal
                                 value of RMB1.00 each, which are traded in Hong Kong dollars and listed on the Main
                                 Board of the Stock Exchange


“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity(ies) or person(s) who, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
                                 of the Directors, is/are not a connected person(s) of the Company within the meaning
                                 ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2024     57
     Definitions and Glossary




     “Jincheng Technology”   Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金城科
                             技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                             liability on 7 December 2015 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a connected person
                             of the Company


     “Jinhang Holding”       Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金航控股有限公司), a company established
                             under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 2 March 2022, which is owned as
                             to 40% by Jincheng Technology, 30% by Cai Dongze (蔡東澤), an Independent Third
                             Party, 12.5% by Nanjing Ruiguan Enterprise Management Centre (Limited Partnership)*
                             ( 南京瑞冠企業管理中心 ( 有限合夥 ) ) , 12.5% b y W u x i F e n g s h e n g h u i E n t e r p r i s e
                             Management Partnership Business (Limited Partnership)* (無錫豐晟匯企業管理合夥企業
                             (有限合夥)) and 5% by Jiangsu Fengchuang Environmental Energy Co., Ltd* (江蘇楓創
                             環保能源有限公司), an Independent Third Party. Jinhang Holding is a connected person
                             of our Company


     “Jinsha Investment”     Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙科技投資有限公司), a
                             company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 4 May 2008
                             and wholly owned by Jintan Holding




58   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                            Definitions and Glossary




“Jintan Holding”         Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司), a company
                         established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16 September 2014
                         and wholly owned by the Government of Jintan District, a connected person of the
                         Company


“Jintan Hualuogeng”      Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華
                         羅庚科技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                         limited liability on 12 December 2014 and owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding and
                         10% by Changzhou Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (常州投資集團有限公司), respectively,
                         a connected person of the Company


“Jintan International”   Jiangsu Jintan National Development International Investment Development Co., Ltd.*
                         (江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the
                         PRC with limited liability on 16 December 2010 and exercising its voting rights in our
                         Shares in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding, a connected person of our
                         Company


“Jinyuan Investment”     Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓投資集團有限公司), a company
                         established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 July 2011 and wholly
                         owned by Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd., one of our Pre-IPO Investors and
                         Substantial Shareholders


“Lihang Jinzhi”          Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (廈門鋰
                         航金智股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership established under
                         the laws of the PRC on 29 July 2019 whose general partner is Xiamen Lihang Equity
                         Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors, a connected person of our Company


“Listing Rules”          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


“Luoyang Company”        China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司), a
                         company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 14 September
                         2009, which is owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and 49% by Jinhang
                         Holding, and a connected person of our Company


“Model Code”             Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers


“PRC” or “China”         the People’s Republic of China


“Prospectus”             the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022




                                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2024   59
     Definitions and Glossary




     “Reporting Period”               from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024


     “RMB”                            Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


     “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                      amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


     “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the issued capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                      each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)


     “Shareholder(s)”                 shareholders of the Company


     “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


     “subsidiary(ies)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Supervisor(s)”                  the supervisor(s) of the Company


     “treasury shares”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Xiamen Company”                 CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司), a company established
                                      under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2019 and a direct wholly –
                                      owned subsidiary of our Company


     “Xiamen Industrial Investment”   Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Xiamen Jinyuan Industry
                                      Development Company Limited, which was renamed Xiamen Industrial Investment Co.,
                                      Ltd. on 15 March 2024), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                      liability on 13 August 2014 and wholly owned by Jinyuan Investment, one of our Pre –
                                      IPO Investors and Substantial Shareholders


     “%”                              percent




60   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
  CALB Group Co., Ltd.
