中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code: 3931



The Group has established a comprehensive energy operation system,
providing comprehensive product solutions and life-cycle management
for the new energy full-scenario application market represented by power and energy storage industries.




2022
ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                       2
CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT                                      4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                          6
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT    25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                          62
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                               80
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS                   86
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND               87
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION               88
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                90
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                       92
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS             96
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                         220
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY                                  221
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                       AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Executive Directors                                      Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and president)
    Mr. Dai Ying
                                                             AUDITOR
    Non-executive Directors                                  RSM Hong Kong
                                                             29/F, Lee Garden Two
    Mr. Zhou Sheng
                                                             28 Yun Ping Road
    Mr. Zhang Guoqing
                                                             Causeway Bay
    Mr. Li Yunxiang
                                                             Hong Kong

    Independent Non-executive Directors
                                                             REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
                                                             No. 1
    Mr. Wang Susheng
                                                             Jiangdong Avenue
    Mr. Chen Zetong
                                                             Jintan District
                                                             Changzhou City
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             Jiangsu Province
    Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)                              PRC
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE IN
                                                             THE PRC
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                             No. 1
    Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman)                              Jiangdong Avenue
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           Jintan District
    Mr. Chen Zetong                                          Changzhou City
                                                             Jiangsu Province
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                     PRC

    Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman)
    Ms. Liu Jingyu                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                                         HONG KONG
                                                             40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                                No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai

    Mr. Dai Ying                                             Hong Kong

    Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)
                                                             H SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                             Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
                                                             16 Harcourt Road
                                                             Hong Kong




2   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                        Corporate Information




COMPLIANCE ADVISOR
Maxa Capital Limited
Unit 1908, 19/F
Harbour Center
25 Harbour Road
Wanchai
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.,
Guangzhou Branch Sales Office
China Merchants Bank Building
5 Huasui Road, Zhujiang New Town
Tianhe District
Guangzhou City
Guangdong Province
PRC


China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.,
Jintan Sub-branch
5 Huayang South Road, Jintan District
Changzhou City
Jiangsu Province
PRC


Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.,
Jintan Sub-branch
233-3 Dongmen Avenue, Jintan District
Changzhou City
Jiangsu Province
PRC


STOCK CODE
3931


COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.calb-tech.com




                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022   3
    Chairwoman’s Statement




    Dear shareholders:

    On behalf of the board of directors of CALB Group Co., Ltd., I hereby present to the shareholders the annual report of the
    Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

    Leapfrog development in 2022
    CALB rose to the challenges and seized the opportunities to open a new chapter in 2022. It successfully landed in the
    international capital market by having its shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and has reached a higher level
    in market expansion, capacity scale, brand influence, industrial ecology guidance and other aspects. While continuously
    improving our operating results significantly, we attach great importance to ESG management and has integrated ESG
    management into the Company’s development strategy, so as to achieve sustainable development.

    With a focus on “innovation”, we continued to explore and innovate and improved the road map of industrial chain,
    successfully winning the customers’ high recognition with our excellent abilities and sincerity.

    We have always adhered to the strategy of leading products and technologies, and carried out research and development
    plannings for the future by promoting the continuous progress of battery technology from multiple dimensions such as
    material system innovation, system structure innovation, intelligent manufacturing innovation and ecological development
    innovation, leading the development of the industry to a new height. A number of technologies and products of the
    Company are world-leading, world-wide First and global original, and the Company has built hard-core product capabilities
    in all scenarios, which has been well received by customers, winning the Excellent Supplier Award of GAC AION for
    three consecutive years, the New Energy Contribution Award and the Excellent Supplier Award of Changan Auto for five
    consecutive years, and the Gold Award for Quality of Xiaopeng Motors.

    In 2022, the Company recorded an exponential growth in product sales and opened industrial bases in Europe, opening
    a new chapter in its process of internationalization and contributing to global green and low-carbon development. We
    continued with our efforts to carry out carbon management in an efficient manner, set carbon emission reduction targets,
    striving to promote carbon reduction across the supply chain while building our own long-term energy saving and emission
    reduction mechanism; we proactively identified and actively responded to the risks and opportunities brought about by
    climate change, and formulated specific measures to address climate risks.




4   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                       Chairwoman’s Statement




We always believe that realizing the employees’ personal value is an internal driving force for the Company’s sustainable
and healthy development. We respect and cultivate the employees, provide aspiring and competent employees with a
platform for development, empower the employees to grow quickly, improve their personal abilities during work and realize
their personal value. We constantly care about the employees to further enhance their sense of belonging and happiness.


We actively fulfill the social responsibility as a sizeable enterprise, care about the growth of teenagers and future of the
nation, constantly cultivating high-quality talents for the new energy industry, participating in earthquake relief and public
charity and advance the joint construction of communities and being dedicated to making new contributions to the local
high-quality development.

Innovation and development in 2023
We insist on leading the development with innovation: innovation, first of all, is the innovation of thinking logic, standing
on a higher cognition dimension, and driving management innovation, technological innovation and product innovation
with thinking innovation. From a management perspective, the Company will respond to changes in market demands
through continuous process and organizational reforms. We have built a liquid organization within the Company,
focusing on how to better serve the market and achieve customer success. We collaborated efficiently and eliminated
all non-value-added processes, achieving 1+1>2. Secondly, innovation refers to technological innovation and product
innovation, which solves customers’ pain points and creates market demand. Innovation is for higher quality development.
We always stand at the height of human energy security and sustainable development, and work with ecological partners
to create win-win results and achieve great achievements.

In 2023, we will be the first in the world to launch a new product – “Top-flow” Cylindrical Battery. This product is another
innovation based on CALB’s minimalist design of One-Stop (referred to as “OS”), which is developed through self-developed
structural innovation and chemical system innovation, the industry’s first top-flow structure is adopted, which significantly
improves the battery performance compared with the traditional cylinder battery.

In 2023, CALB will accelerate the implementation of the internationalization strategy and the “dual-driven strategy of
power and energy storage” in light of the new landscape for new energy industry, continuing to make efforts in technology
and product innovation, customer development, service upgrades, production capacity support and sustainable development
to provide strong support for the Company’s sustained and rapid development.

In 2023, CALB will continue to adhere to the mission and vision of “beyond commerce, bettering mankind, creating a win-
win situation and achieving greatness”, join hands with the stakeholders to spare no efforts to realize the “Dual Carbon”
goal and create a harmonious, sustainable green energy ecosystem and a better future for the mankind!

Appreciation
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders and investors, customers, partners and friends from all walks
of life for their trust, help, support and companionship to CALB, which gives us confidence, courage and responsibility to
go faster, steadfastly and beyond! I am full of expectation and have absolute confidence in the future of CALB!




                                                                                                                Chairwoman
                                                                                                                 Liu Jingyu

                                                                                         Changzhou, the PRC, 28 April 2023




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022       5
    Management Discussion and Analysis


    I.     The Industry which the Company Operates in
           1.     EV battery market
                  In recent years, with the issues of global ecological environment and climate warming becoming increasingly
                  pressing, governments around the world are set to accelerate the transformation of energy structure towards
                  clean energy, declaring carbon emission reduction targets one after another. According to Net Zero Tracker,
                  over 130 countries have declared carbon neutrality targets. EV battery is one of the important carriers
                  of green and clean energy, becoming increasingly important in the wake of the general trend of carbon
                  emission reduction.


                  According to SNE Research, the global sales volume of new energy vehicles reached 10.831 million units
                  in 2022, representing a year-on-year increase of 61.6%. Driven by the “Infrastructure Plan” issued by
                  the government for the proposed investment of US$174.0 billion to bolster up the development of the
                  electric vehicle market in the United States as well as various supportive policies, the sales volume of new
                  energy vehicles in the United States reached approximately 0.989 million units, representing a year-on-
                  year increase of 55%; with European Union and the United Kingdom being fairly determined to fully switch
                  to electrification, coupled with the incentives of subsidies for procurement of new energy vehicles by the
                  European governments, the sales volume in Europe reached 2.635 million units in 2022, representing a year-
                  on-year increase of 11%.

                                         Distribution of Sales Volume of New Energy Vehicles in 2022

                                                               Europe
                                                               Sales volume: 2,634,729 units

                                                                                                            China
                                                                                                            Sales volume: 6,557,702 units


                                                                                                       South Korea
                                                                                                       Sales volume: 166,863 units




                       The United States
                       Sales volume: 989,394 units




                                                              Global
                                                              Sales volume: 10,831,413 units



                  Source: SNE Research




6   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




In 2022, China’s automobile industry delivered a high growth, with its market share of global new energy
vehicle market exceeding 60%, making it the world’s largest new energy vehicle market. The penetration
rate of new energy vehicles in China is at the stage of accelerated rise in the “S-shaped” curve. According to
the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the production volume and sales volume of new energy
vehicles in China were 7.058 million and 6.887 million units, respectively, in 2022, representing a year-on-
year increase of 96.9% and 93.4%, respectively; the electrification rate was 25.6%, representing an increase
of 12.2 percentage points as compared with last year. In 2022, the sales volume of pure electric vehicles was
5.365 million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 81.6%; the sales volume of plug-in hybrid electric
vehicles was 1.518 million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 150%.

  Annual sales volume of new energy vehicles                                 Distribution of sales volume of
and changes year-on-year (ten thousand units/%)                             different power types in 2022 (%)
                    sales volume                  changes year-on-year           pure electric    plug-in hybrid
          800                                                 200%
                                                                                 fuel cell
          700
          600                                                 150%
          500                                                                                         22%
                                                              100%
          400
          300                                                                                          0%
                                                              50%                     78%
          200
          100                                                 0%
            0
         -10020     20     20     20     20     20     20     -50%
               16     17     18     19     20     21     22



Source: China Association of Automobile Manufacturers


Driven by the swift growth of the new energy automobile industry, the demand for EV batteries has
experienced a rapid upsurge. According to SNE Research, the global installed capacity of EV batteries for new
energy vehicles reached 511.7GWh in 2022, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.8%. Among them,
the total installed capacity in the Chinese market was 297.3GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of
99.6% and accounting for 58%; the installed capacity in the European market was 115.9GWh, representing
a year-on-year increase of 28% and accounting for 23%; the total installed capacity in the U.S. market was
64GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 61% and accounting for 12.5%; and the total installed
capacity in the South Korean market was 11.4GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 63% and
accounting for 2.2%. The EV battery market continued to see good momentum in business development.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022   7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




                                                      Distribution of Global Installed Capacity in 2022

                                                                      Europe
                                                                      Installed capacity: 115.9 GWh

                                                                                                                China
                                                                                                                Installed capacity: 297.3 GWh


                                                                                                          South Korea
                                                                                                          Installed capacity: 11.4 GWh




                            The United States
                            Installed capacity: 64.0 GWh




                                                                      Global
                                                                      Installed capacity: 511.7 GWh



                  Source: SNE Research


           2.     Energy storage market
                  In recent years, the installed capacity of clean energy represented by wind power and photovoltaic power has
                  continued to grow. Given the fact that clean energy power generation is greatly affected by seasons, weather
                  and regions, and has the characteristics of instability and imbalance, while electrochemical energy storage
                  products can improve the reliability and stability of power supply, the popularization of their application is
                  conducive to the widespread utilization of clean energy. With the gradual introduction of supporting policies
                  and the improvement of various performance indicators such as safety and circular life of energy storage
                  products, there will be a great market development potential.


                  The requirement of wind and photovoltaic power distributable storage and a specific cost compensation
                  mechanism have been introduced in certain provinces to increase the revenue of energy storage power
                  stations through shared leasing, capacity compensation, and participation in power market transactions.
                  In the future, with the gradual increase in demand for green power, the revenue of energy storage power
                  stations can also be further improved by partial green power transaction premium. From the perspective of
                  energy safety and security, the advantages in user-side, industrial and commercial energy storage segment
                  have also begun to emerge. The Russia-Ukraine conflict has triggered a sharp spike in the price of imported
                  fossil fuels, which promoted a transition to renewable energy sources, mainly solar and wind power, in
                  countries heavily depending on traditional energy sources. Major countries in Europe and the United States
                  are also increasing the installed capacity targets of photovoltaic and wind power based on their own carbon
                  neutrality goals. The market demand for household photovoltaic power and distributable storage is also
                  growing rapidly.


                  The International Energy Agency predicts that the global installed capacity of renewable energy will increase
                  by 2,400 GWh between 2022 and 2027, which is equivalent to current total installed capacity of power in
                  China. According to China National Energy Administration, in 2022, China’s newly installed capacity of wind
                  power and photovoltaic power generation was 125GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.8% and
                  accounting for 62.8% of newly installed capacity of power generation in China.


8   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis




II.   Business Review
      As an international leading new energy technology enterprise, the Group is committed to becoming an energy value
      creator. Adhering to the mission of “beyond commerce, bettering mankind” and the vision of “mutually beneficial,
      achieving greatness”, we will continue to shape a healthy ecology of the new energy industry by pioneering
      innovation and technology leadership, and do our utmost to achieve the “Dual Carbon“ goal and the new energy
      vehicle strategy, and fulfill our responsibilities for human energy security and sustainable development!


      1.      Main business
              The Group is principally engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV
              batteries (1) and ESS products (2). The Group has established a comprehensive energy operation system,
              providing comprehensive product solutions and life-cycle management for the new energy full-scenario
              application market represented by power and energy storage industries.


      2.      Main products
              The Group is committed to forging a competitiveness-oriented approach for EV batteries and ESS products
              while persisting in the efficient use of resources and supporting sustainable social development. The Group’s
              main products include:


              (1)      Ternary products: possessing the characteristics of high energy density, ultra-fast charging, long
                       battery life and excellent safety, making it one of the best battery system solutions for passenger
                       vehicles.


                       1)       the 400V 2C medium-nickel battery can achieve 20%-80% charging within 18 minutes, and
                                has been applied on the all-new 100kWh models of automakers, and the charging time is
                                shortened by 50% as compared with the previous generation;


                       2)       the 800V 4C medium-nickel battery can achieve 20%-80% charging within 10 minutes,
                                alleviating users’ anxiety of replenishing energy;


                       3)       the 800V 6C high-nickel battery is the 46 series of large cylinder products developed by the
                                Group, has undergone structural innovation. Compared with other structures such as “tabless”
                                and “all tab”, the internal resistance of the structure is reduced by 50%, and the space
                                utilization rate is increased by 3%, achieving 80% charging within 8 minutes with an energy
                                density of up to 300Wh/kg;


                       4)       the high-nickel multi-element battery is the high-energy battery with energy density of cells
                                reaching 350Wh/kg developed by the Group, has achieved new breakthroughs in safety and
                                life. Through innovative technologies such as “extremely high-quality” safe electrolyte, the
                                product has passed the nail penetration test (puncture) with a cycle life of over 1,500 times.




(1)
      Batteries to provide power to new energy vehicles (NEV).
(2)
      Batteries to apply to energy storage scenarios.

                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022    9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (2)       Phosphate series products: possessing the characteristics of super safety, long life and cost-
                             effectiveness.


                             1)     the high-power LEP battery, featuring high power and all-climate scenario application, which
                                    are high-quality products developed for the hybrid passenger vehicle market, and have been
                                    delivered in batches for hybrid models of automakers;


                             2)     long-life LEP energy storage battery, featuring long life, high efficiency and high safety, it
                                    is a customized product developed based on concerns of the application of energy storage
                                    scenarios to support the application of energy storage products and solutions in all scenarios;


                             3)     the One-Stop LFP battery, integrating high energy, high strength and high power, with the
                                    energy density of the battery pack of 152Wh/Kg, supporting a range of over 600km;


                             4)     the One-Stop high-manganese iron lithium battery, without nickel and cobalt consumption,
                                    15% reduction in lithium consumption, and energy density of battery pack of 180Wh/Kg,
                                    which supports a range of over 700km.


                   (3)       Energy storage products: intense devotion to power storage (new energy power generation and
                             power grid), industrial and commercial energy storage, household energy storage, providing users
                             with full-scenario energy storage products and solutions.


                             1)     For power storage application scenario, the Group’s liquid-cooled/air-cooled container
                                    products integrated high safety, high integration efficiency and long battery life. In terms of
                                    system integration application, the number of system integrated components can be reduced
                                    by over 20%, the integrated power per unit area is increased by over 30%, helping customers
                                    significantly reduce the initial investment cost and the levelized cost of energy (LCOE) in the
                                    full life cycle;


                             2)     For industrial and commercial energy storage application scenario, the development of the
                                    Group’s outdoor integrated cabinets and containers was completed, with the advantages
                                    of modular design, active safety system, intelligent power distribution system, safety and
                                    reliability, and economic efficiency, supporting peak and off-peak power price difference
                                    arbitrage to maximize the commercial benefits;


                             3)     For household energy storage application scenario, the Group’s long-life prismatic battery and
                                    intelligent management system that possess multiple protection mechanisms such as over-
                                    charge, over-discharge, over-temperature, over-current, and short circuit, successively passing
                                    a series of overseas certifications such as UL/IEC/CE with excellent performance in product
                                    performance, cost and safety.




10   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




3.   Business achievements
     In 2022, the Group’s operating performance continued to improve significantly, achieving a geometric
     growth in the installed capacity of EV batteries for four consecutive years, which made it one of the fastest
     growing enterprises among the global EV battery enterprises. The Group made further breakthroughs
     in technology and developed leading products, reaching new heights in terms of market development,
     production capacity, brand influence and industrial ecological leadership. The Group was listed on the main
     board of the Stock Exchange, officially gaining access to the international capital market and opening up a
     new chapter in the implementation of our international strategies.


     In 2022, the Group accelerated implementation of the scaling-up strategy and further expanded industrial
     clusters by building new industrial bases in Meishan, Sichuan province, Jiangmen, Guangdong province and
     Europe. At the same time, the Group continued to upgrade its key technology paths and implementation
     plan, constantly improved manufacturing engineering capabilities, and delivered high-quality production
     capacity to the market and customers, thus facilitating the achievement of the Group’s international strategic
     objectives.


     In 2022, the Group maintained a rapid growth in the EV battery and ESS markets.


     In terms of EV battery market, the Group achieved important layout in the PHEV and REEV market segments
     while continuing to lead the Battery Electric Vehicle (“BEV”) market segment. With a comprehensive product
     pipeline, the Group succeeded in conducting a designated cooperation with automakers for more than 30
     hybrid models, which will make the hybrid market become a rapid growth pole of the Group. In terms of
     customer development for passenger vehicles, in China, while continuing to maintain in-depth strategic
     cooperation with automakers such as GAC, XPeng, Changan, Geely and Leapmotor, the Group also acquired
     new designated cooperation for platform products with several automakers such as NIO, Dongfeng and FAW,
     which has laid a solid foundation for the Group’s sustained high growth. In terms of international customers,
     the Group started mass production and delivery to automakers such as Smart and Honda. At the same time,
     leveraging on the existing technology reserve, the Group has completed the preparation of products and
     production capacity for the commercial vehicle market, which strongly supported the rapid growth of the
     Group’s commercial vehicle business.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022      11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   In terms of the ESS products market, while continuing to maintain the influence in the power storage
                   market segment, the Group completed important layout in the industrial and commercial energy storage,
                   household energy storage market. The Group has obtained designated partnership with a number of central
                   power enterprises, system integrators, photovoltaic and wind power top-tiered enterprises through the
                   comprehensive layout of full-scenario energy storage products and solutions, which laid a solid foundation
                   for the Group to seize the opportunities of high growth in the energy storage market.


                   During the Reporting Period, the total assets of the Group amounted to RMB90.461 billion, representing a
                   year-on-year increase of 134.2% as compared with the last year, and the net assets amounted to RMB41.575
                   billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 66.4% as compared with the last year. The Group recorded a
                   turnover of approximately RMB20.375 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 198.9% as compared
                   with the last year; and the net profit amounted to approximately RMB694 million, representing a year-on-
                   year increase of 521.8%. The increase was mainly due to the increase in the Group’s sales, gross profit
                   margin and gross profit.


            4.     Technology research and development achievements
                   The Group is driven by continuous technological innovation. According to Frost & Sullivan, the Group is
                   one of the few EV battery companies with comprehensive independent research and development (“R&D”)
                   capabilities and the ability to solely complete the production of EV batteries. Our influential EV battery
                   innovation center encompasses six major parts, namely advanced materials, advanced batteries, advanced
                   simulation and testing, intelligent manufacturing, battery recycling technology and digitalization.


                   In 2022, the Group applied for 1,571 patents, which facilitated to form the patent layout of the entire
                   battery industry chain covering battery materials, battery structure, system integration, electrical circuits,
                   BMS, manufacturing process equipment, and battery recycling.


            5.     Operation management model
                   The Group possesses efficient, digital and scaled operational capabilities and manufacture engineering
                   capabilities, striving to build and bolster a healthy industry ecosystem by forging a strategic synergy and a
                   high degree of mutual trust with industry partners and adhering to the vision of “mutually beneficial”.


                   Based on the premise of customer-orientation and maximizing our overall value, the Group has created
                   an efficient, collaborative and flat liquid organization structure, built a management model that integrates
                   delivery planning and cost control, so as to ensure the efficient and smooth operation of key business
                   processes and improve customer satisfaction.




12   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis




            By monitoring the manufacturing process of products throughout their full life cycles on a real time basis,
            the Group not only ensures the smooth and efficient operation of the entire manufacturing process, but also
            achieves rapid technical upgrades and product iterations with the help of standardized procedures, so as to
            deliver products meeting customer demands in an ongoing and stable manner.


            We have built close strategic partnership with major suppliers, reaching consensus with partners on the
            future development direction of the industry to jointly plan and develop material and equipment related
            technology and innovative products, which in turn, further promotes the joint development of the industry.
            Such close relationships extend our technological innovation strength to the upstream of the industrial chain,
            while ensuring a stable supply of raw materials and equipment, so that our production capacity can meet
            customer demand in a timely manner.


III.   Future prospects
       1.   Innovation in technologies and products
            The Group adheres unwaveringly to the strategy of consolidating its leadership in product and technology
            with a future-oriented R&D plan rolled out to promote the continuous advancement in battery technology
            through innovation in materials, structure, manufacturing and system, so as to maintain its leadership in the
            development of EV battery technology and product innovation, while making positive contributions to the
            healthy and orderly development of the ecology.


            The Group is committed to continuing its technological innovation and maintaining its leadership in advanced
            chemical energy storage materials, intelligent manufacturing technologies, high performance battery and
            system technologies, new batteries, and full battery life-cycle management, etc. to ensure the competitive
            advantage of its products in the application field.


            •      In the field of chemical energy storage materials, the Group will continue to focus on the balance
                   between high energy density and resource utilization efficiency, while accelerating the industrialization
                   of new material technologies, continuing to innovate and make breakthroughs in material technology
                   to fully support the market demand in terms of performance, quality and cost;


            •      In the area of intelligent manufacturing technologies, the Group will strive to achieve efficient
                   manufacturing technology upgrades through innovation in the structure of and highly integrated
                   manufacturing process for batteries, while empowering high quality and high efficiency production
                   with intelligent technologies to achieve highly reliable batch delivery capability;




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022    13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   •         In terms of high-performance battery and system technology, the Group seeks to build a
                             comprehensive leading advantage in the fields of high specific energy, long battery life, high degree
                             of safety, high power and all-climate technology;


                   •         In the field of new batteries, the Group will continue to build a leading edge of next-generation
                             battery technologies such as solid-state lithium batteries and lithium-sulfur batteries;


                   •         In terms of battery life-cycle management, with the goal of maximizing the value of battery life cycle,
                             the Group will continue to invest in the development of smart battery management technology, so as
                             to realize a safe, reliable and long-life operation of battery. Meanwhile, to achieve a sustainable social
                             value, we will actively explore various efficient cascade utilization and recycling technologies, promote
                             the closed loop of battery resource recycling, build a green and environmentally friendly battery
                             industry ecosystem.


            2.     Market and Customer Development
                   The Group aims to maintain its product leadership and competitive advantage based on continuous
                   technological innovation.


                   With its strategic goal of global leadership, the Group will pool its efforts and resources to provide
                   comprehensive product solutions and life-cycle management for the new energy full-scene application market
                   represented by EV batteries and ESS products.


                   In the EV battery market, the Group will strive to maintain its leadership and competitiveness in the Battery
                   Electric Vehicle (“BEV”) market segment. While helping its customers to achieve their goals and serving the
                   market, the Group has completed important layouts in the PHEV/REEV market segment, with its products
                   delivering excellent performance in terms of high power and all-climate adaptability, which will make PHEV/
                   REEV market segment a strong growth driver for the Group.




14   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis




     As for the ESS products market, the Group will focus on the new energy power generation side, grid side,
     customer side and such other segments, and try to establish long-term strategic cooperation with leading
     enterprises in wind power, photovoltaic, grid and such other industries, while deeply cultivating new
     energy power generation, industrial and commercial customers, zero-carbon water transport and such other
     application scenarios, aiming to provide its customers with full-scenario ESS products and solutions. The ESS
     products market has become another new business growth driver for the Company.


3.   Internationalization
     The Group will continue to accelerate its strategic internationalization process, and in full compliance with
     the local laws and regulations in Europe, the Group will draw on the successful experience of our operations
     in China to exercise optimal control of time, cost and quality, so as to ensure that the European industrial
     base is built/operated at the best cost and meets EU’s standards and low carbon requirements. The Group
     will draw plans and operate effectively in terms of products, technology, sales, supply chain, factories,
     policies and regulations, and personnel capabilities, and advance the construction of our plants in Europe
     according to plan, and ensure that mass production is commenced on schedule.


     Through continuous innovation, the Group will deliver products with excellent performance to its customers,
     while continuously increasing its market share and brand awareness and reputation in its target markets and
     among its customers, so as to make greater contribution to the achievement of carbon emission peaking and
     carbon neutrality.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022      15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     IV.    Financial Review
            Overview
            During the Reporting Period, the operating revenue of the Group increased from RMB6,817.12 million for the year
            ended 31 December 2021 to RMB20,374.94 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase
            of 198.9%; the gross profit of the Group increased from RMB510.95 million for the year ended 31 December 2021
            to RMB2,103.52 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 311.7%.


            During the Reporting Period, the profit for the year attributable to the owners of the Company increased from
            RMB140.03 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB691.63 million for the year ended 31 December
            2022, representing an increase of 393.9%. The basic earnings per share of the Group increased from RMB0.1128
            for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB0.4408 for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an
            increase of 290.8%.


            The key financial indicators of the Group are set out as follows:


            Financial indicators                                                                    2022                     2021


            Gross profit margin (%)                                                               10.3%                  7.5%
            Net sales margin (%)                                                                   3.4%                  1.6%


            The gross profit margin of the Group increased by 2.8 percentage points from 7.5% for the year ended 31
            December 2021 to 10.3% for the year ended 31 December 2022, which was mainly due to the gradual release of
            the Group’s production capacity during the Reporting Period, resulting in more significant economies of scale.


            The net sales margin of the Group increased by 1.8% from 1.6% for the year ended 31 December 2021 to 3.4% for
            the year ended 31 December 2022, primarily due to the increase in the sales and gross profit margin of the Group.




16   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis




Revenue structure
During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the sales of EV batteries, ESS products and others.
The operating revenue of the Group increased from RMB6,817.12 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to
RMB20,374.94 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 198.9%. The increase was
mainly due to the gradual release of the Group’s production capacity and the increased customer demands.


1)     Revenue by product

                                                                 2022                          2021
                                                                        Percentage                    Percentage
       Items
                                                         Revenue        of revenue      Revenue       of revenue
                                                       (RMB’000)              (%)     (RMB’000)              (%)


       EV batteries                                    18,323,505             89.9    6,065,200             89.0
       ESS products and others                          2,051,437             10.1      751,915             11.0


       Total                                           20,374,942            100.0    6,817,115            100.0


       During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of EV batteries of the Group increased by
       202.1% from RMB6,065.20 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB18,323.51 million for the
       year ended 31 December 2022. The strong growth was mainly attributable to the release of the Company’s
       production capacity and the increased customer demands, as well as the rapid growth of the passenger
       vehicle and commercial vehicle businesses.


       During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of energy storage systems and others
       of the Group increased by 172.8% from RMB751.92 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to
       RMB2,051.44 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to the increase in sales as the Group
       continued to explore the market segments including energy storage system, covering various application
       scenarios such as power supply side, power grid side and user side.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            2)     Revenue by geographical location of product delivery

                                                                               2022                            2021
                                                                                      Percentage                      Percentage
                    Items
                                                                       Revenue        of revenue         Revenue      of revenue
                                                                     (RMB’000)               (%)       (RMB’000)            (%)


                    Mainland China                                  19,988,435              98.1       6,643,764           97.5
                    Overseas                                            386,507               1.9        173,351             2.5


                    Total                                           20,374,942             100.0       6,817,115          100.0


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from Mainland China increased by 200.9% from
                   RMB6,643.76 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB19,988.44 million for the year ended
                   31 December 2022. The increase was mainly attributable to the continuous improvement and release of the
                   Group’s production capacity and the rapid growth of demand for batteries from the Group’s major customers
                   in Mainland China.


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from overseas regions increased by 123.0% from
                   RMB173.35 million for the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB386.51 million for the year ended 31
                   December 2022. The increase was mainly attributable to the rapid growth in the global new energy vehicle
                   market and the significant growth of the Company’s overseas operations.


            Financial position
            1)     Assets
                   The total assets of the Group increased from RMB38,620.49 million as at 31 December 2021 to
                   RMB90,460.62 million as at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 134.2%, among which, non-
                   current assets increased from RMB20,034.41 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB53,101.17 million as
                   at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 165.0%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase
                   in property, plant and equipment as the Group continued to invest in the construction of production bases.
                   Current assets increased from RMB18,586.08 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB37,359.45 million as
                   at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 101.0%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase
                   in bank deposits as a result of the proceeds from the issue of H shares of the Company and the increase in
                   inventories, trade receivables and bills receivable with the expansion of business scale.




18   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




2)     Liabilities
       The total liabilities of the Group increased from RMB13,634.36 million as at 31 December 2021 to
       RMB48,885.16 million as at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 258.5%, among which, current
       liabilities increased from RMB9,890.35 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB32,774.95 million as at 31
       December 2022, representing an increase of 231.4%. Such increase was mainly attributable to business
       expansion, increase in procurement of materials and continuous investment in construction of production
       bases, increase in trade payables and bills payable and payables for property, plant and equipment. Non-
       current liabilities increased from RMB3,744.01 million as at 31 December 2021 to RMB16,110.21 million as
       at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of 330.3%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in
       syndicated borrowings for the project for meeting the capital needs of the Group’s business expansion and
       continuous investment in key projects.

Liquidity and financial resources
The operating cash inflow of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted to RMB2,109.05 million,
representing an increase of 32.6% as compared with RMB1,590.11 million for the year ended 31 December 2021,
which was mainly attributable to the rapid growth of business as a result of the rapid growth of market and
customer demand and the continuous release of the Group’s production capacity, which led to an increase in cash
received from sales of goods and the provision of services during operating activities.

The bank balances and cash (including pledged and restricted bank deposits) of the Group as at 31 December 2022
were approximately RMB12,916.90 million (2021: RMB4,361.33 million).

The total borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2022, including all bank loans, amounted to approximately
RMB17,707.48 million (31 December 2021: RMB2,890.65 million). The repayment terms of the bank loans are due
within one year of approximately RMB2,479.64 million and approximately RMB15,227.84 million after one year,
respectively.

The Group had sufficient liquidity to meet the requirements of its daily liquidity management and capital
expenditure, and to control internal operating cash flows.

Capital structure
The financial management center under the Group is responsible for its financial risk management, aiming to ensure
that the liquidity structure of the assets, liabilities and other commitments of the Group could meet its funding
needs on an ongoing basis.

The borrowings of the Group were mainly settled in Renminbi, while its cash and cash equivalents were mainly held
in Renminbi and Hong Kong dollars. The Group plans to maintain an appropriate portfolio of equity and debt during
the period to ensure an effective capital structure. As at 31 December 2022, the outstanding loans of the Group
were RMB-denominated loans with approximately 20.2% of these outstanding loans bearing interest at fixed rates
and the remainder at floating rates.

The Group monitored the capital structure by using the gearing ratio (i.e. net debt divided by equity), with its
policies to maintain financial stability and support the sustainable, healthy and rapid development of the Group’s
business. Net debt includes interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and is net of cash and cash equivalents,
with equity being total equity. The gearing ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2022 was 17.7% (31 December
2021: 3.1%). The increase in the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increased borrowings in project construction.
The Group maintained its financial stability amidst rapid business development.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            Foreign exchange risk
            The business operations of our Group are principally located in Mainland China and most of its transactions were
            conducted in Renminbi. Except for certain bank balances which are denominated in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars
            and other foreign currencies, most of the assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi. During the Reporting
            Period, the Group did not experience any material difficulties or impact on its operations or liquidity as a result of
            fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Group believes that the Group will have sufficient foreign currencies to
            meet its foreign exchange needs and will take effective measures to prevent foreign exchange risks.


            Capital expenditure
            During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 amounted
            to RMB29,989.32 million (2021: RMB9,646.29 million (re-presented)) which were mainly used to expand production
            capacity, including the construction of production facilities and the upgrade of existing machinery and equipment.
            The capital expenditures of the Group were mainly funded by the Group’s own funds, proceeds from the issuance
            of ordinary shares, funds contributed by local shareholders and bank borrowings as well as cash inflow from the
            operating activities of the Group.


            Capital commitment
            During the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group were mainly related to the acquisition of
            property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The total of capital expenditures contracted but not incurred
            as at 31 December 2022 was RMB29,204.78 million (2021: RMB16,894.99 million).


            Restricted assets
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group had restricted assets with a total carrying amount of RMB4,174.28 million
            for obtaining bank loans and other bank facilities. These assets include pledged and restricted bank deposits of
            RMB1,985.08 million, bills receivables of RMB757.72 million, property, plant and equipment of RMB975.98 million
            and right-of-use assets of RMB455.50 million.


            Significant investments held
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


            Future plans for significant investments and capital assets
            As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any other plans for significant external investments and capital
            assets.




20   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
The Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金航控股有限公
司)（the “Jinhang Holding”) on 3 March 2022, pursuant to which the Group transferred its 49% equity interests
in China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司) (the “Luoyang Company”) to
Jinhang Holding at a consideration of RMB1,087.80 million. Upon completion of the aforesaid transfer, Luoyang
Company was owned as to 51% and 49% by Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.*
(江蘇金壇金城科技產業發展有限公司) (“Jintan Jincheng”) and Jinhang Holding, respectively. Luoyang Company
ceased to be an associate of the Group.


Save as mentioned above, the Group had no other material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries and associates
during the year ended 31 December 2022.


Contingent liabilities
(a)    The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables and
       discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital. The outstanding endorsed
       and discounted bank acceptance bills are generally with maturities no more than 12 months. In the opinion
       of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards relating to these bills,
       and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in accordance with the
       commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of the endorsed and discounted bills is
       low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks. As a result, the relevant assets and
       liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated financial statements. The maximum exposure to the Group
       that may result from the default of these endorsed or discounted bills as at the end of Reporting Period are
       as follows:


                                                                                            2022                   2021
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


       Endorsed or discounted bills                                                   3,534,942                111,950


(b)    During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
       property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
       the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
       Luoyang Company is also a joint defendant in the Claim related to Patent II. CATL petitioned to immediately
       stop infringing the relevant patents (including, without limitation, to cease manufacturing, selling or offering
       to sell relevant products that apply the relevant patents), the Group to pay in aggregate amount of RMB485
       million (including royalties payable during the temporary protection period for invention patents) to CATL as
       compensation for such alleged intellectual property infringements and bear the RMB2.7 million expenses. The
       Directors were of the view that the Claims were lacking in merit and it was not probable that an outflow of
       economic benefits will be required to settle the Claims related to Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022     21
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   Accordingly, the Group had the following contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2021:


                                                                                              Damages              Expenses
                                                                                               claimed           claimed by
                    Claim related to:                                                          by CATL                 CATL
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


                    Patent I                                                                     30,000                  500
                    relates to battery cathode piece technology


                    Patent II                                                                  365,000*               1,200*
                    relates to an air tightness detection structure of explosion-proof
                       device arranged on the battery cover


                    Patent III                                                                   12,000                  500
                    relates to retaining structure that remains fixed when the
                       connector of battery current collector is bending


                    Patent IV                                                                    78,000                  500
                    relates to battery negative pole pieces technology


                   *         The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II, and Luoyang
                             Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.
                             The initial amount claimed by CATL under the Claim in relation to Patent II was RMB99 million
                             (comprising damages of RMB98 million and cost incurred by CATL of RMB1 million) and was increased
                             to RMB366.2 million (comprising damages of RMB365 million and costs incurred by CATL of RMB1.2
                             million) in May 2022.


                   During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
                   VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
                   Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.




22   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




The civil judgments on Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV made by Fuzhou Intermediate Court were first-
instance judgments, but not final and effective judgments. The Company has appealed to the Supreme
People’s Court within the appeal period, and the company currently does not need to pay the first-instance
compensation of Fuzhou Intermediate Court. Even if the Supreme People’s Court supports CATL’s plea of
“immediately stopping the infringement of relevant patents” in the second instance. Based on the estimate
of the amount of compensation conducted by the Company’s legal counsel, it is estimated that the amount
of compensation in respect of the claims of Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV will not exceed RMB8.64 million.
Accordingly, after careful consideration, the Company made provisions based on the estimate of the amount
of compensation conducted by the Company’s legal counsel. Details are as follows:


During November 2022, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
regarding the Claim related to Patent III, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately
cease selling and manufacturing products infringing the relevant patent; (2) the Group shall compensate
CATL for its economic loss of RMB2.63 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million; (3) the Group to pay
RMB0.13 million fees for the temporary protection period for the relevant patent; and (4) other claims filed
by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. Due
to this latest development, management of the Company has made provision based on the estimate of the
amount of compensation conducted by the Company’s legal counsel.


During February 2023, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
regarding the Claim related to Patent IV, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately
cease manufacturing and selling products infringing the relevant patent; (2) the Group shall compensate
CATL for its economic loss of RMB35.8 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million; (3) the Group to
bear the costs for protection of the relevant patents during the temporary period of RMB0.8 million; and
(4) other claims filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 21
February 2023. Due to this latest development, management of the Company has made provision based on
the estimate of the amount of compensation conducted by the Company’s legal counsel.


During February 2023, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
regarding the Claim related to Patent I, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately
cease manufacturing and selling products infringing the relevant patent; (2) the Group shall compensate
CATL for its economic loss of RMB20.1 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million; and (3) other claims
filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 21 February 2023.
Due to this latest development, management of the Company has made provision based on the estimate of
the amount of compensation conducted by the Company’s legal counsel.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   As set out above, the Group has made total provision of RMB8.64 million for claims in relation to Patent I, III
                   and IV.


                   After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal advisors,
                   the Directors are of the view that the Claims relating to Patent II and Patent VI are lacking in merit and it is
                   not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the Claims.


                   Accordingly, the Group’s contingent liabilities related to the Claims as at 31 December 2022 are set out
                   below:


                                                                                                      Damages                Expenses
                                                                                                    claimed by             claimed by
                    Claim related to:                                                                      CATL                   CATL
                                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000


                    Patent II                                                                          365,000*                  1,200*
                    relates to an air tightness detection structure of explosion-proof
                       device arranged on the battery cover


                    Patent VI                                                                          130,000*                    500*
                    relates to battery package assembly

                   *         The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II and Patent VI, and Luoyang
                             Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.


                   Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2022.




24   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                             Profile of Directors, Supervisors and
                                             Senior Management

DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士) (former name Liu Caiyu (劉彩瑜)), aged 53, is the chairwoman of our Board, as well as an
executive Director and president of our Company. Ms. Liu has been a Director of our Company since 20 July 2018, by
election at the Shareholders’ meetings of our Company, was appointed as the chairwoman of the board of our Company
on 27 July 2018 and has been the president of our Company since 6 August 2018. Ms. Liu was designated as our executive
Director on 10 December 2021. Ms. Liu is also the chairwoman of the board or a Director of Jiangsu Research Institute,
Xiamen Company, Jiangsu Company, Shenzhen Research Institute, Wuhan Company, Hefei Company, Chengdu Company,
Materials Company, Fujian Company, Jiangmen Company and Sichuan Company. Ms. Liu also serves as the chairwoman of
the board of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd.* (江蘇動力及儲能電池創新中心有限公
司), CALB (EUROPE),S.A., an European Company and CALB Smart Energy Technology Co., Ltd.*（中創新航智慧能源科技有
限公司）, associates of our Company. Ms. Liu is mainly responsible for overall strategic planning and operational decision of
our Group. She is a member of the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee.


Ms. Liu has over 18 years of experience in business management. Prior to joining our Group, Ms. Liu, from April 2003 to
June 2018, worked in Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed
on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000050) (“Tianma”, together with its subsidiaries “Tianma Group”),
which is principally engaged in the research, manufacturing and sales of liquid-crystal display and its related materials
with subsidiaries located in China, Europe, United States, Japan, Korea and India. Ms. Liu had served various positions in
Tianma Group and her last position was director and general manager of Tianma. Ms. Liu was mainly responsible for the
overall operation and management of Tianma Group and had gained extensive international experience during her tenure in
Tianma Group.


Ms. Liu has received many honors including:


•      in January 2023, she was elected as a “representative of the 14th National People’s Congress of China”;


•      in January 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Industrial Star Entrepreneur” (工業明星企業家) by
       Changzhou Municipal People’s Government;


•      in November 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “the Most Influential Business Women in China” (中國最
       具影響力商界女性) by Fortune;


•      in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary titles of “the Top Ten Women in Science and Technology Innovation in
       Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省科技創新十大女傑) and “the Outstanding Female Talent of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省巾幗
       智造之星) by three major departments including the Women’s Federation of Jiangsu Province;


•      in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020-2021 Integrity Model and Integrity Star” (常州市2020-
       2021年度“誠信標兵”“誠信之星”) by 7 major departments including the Propaganda Department of the CPC
       Changzhou Municipal Committee;




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022      25
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •      in February 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Entrepreneur of Changzhou Jintan District”
            (常州市金壇區優秀企業家) by the CPC Changzhou Jintan District Committee and Changzhou Jintan District People’s
            Government;


     •      in April 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Model Worker in Jintan District of Changzhou City” (常州市金
            壇區勞動模範) by the People’s Government of Jintan District of Changzhou City;


     •      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Advanced Person Contributing to Jintan District” (貢獻金
            壇先進人物) by the People’s Government of Jintan District of Changzhou City;


     •      in November 2020, she was awarded the honorary title of “Women Achievement Model” (巾幗建功標兵) in Jintan
            District of Changzhou City;


     •      in February 2020, she was awarded the title of “Excellent Entrepreneur” (優秀企業家) by the People’s Government
            of Jintan District of Changzhou City;


     •      in November 2019, she won the award of “LiXiang Person of the Year 2019” (鋰想2019年度人物獎) at the 4th
            International Summit on EV Battery Application* (第四屆動力電池應用國際峰會);


     •      in June 2019, she was elected as the chairwoman of the first session of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery
            Industry Innovation Alliance* (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟); and


     •      in April 2016, she won the first prize of the “Industry Contributing Nation Jade Award”; (產業報國玉獎) awarded by
            the AVIC.


     Ms. Liu has been a senior accountant recognized by the Senior Professional Technical Position Review Committee of
     China Aviation Industry Corporation I since December 2005 and a certified public accountant recognized by the Shenzhen
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 2007. Ms. Liu was recognized as a registered valuer by the Shenzhen
     Association of Registered Asset Appraisers in 2001 and was recognized as a certified tax agent by the Shenzhen Registered
     Tax Agent Management Center in 2001.


     Ms. Liu obtained a master’s degree in management majoring in accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and
     Economics (東北財經大學) in April 2005.




26   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                    Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生), aged 44, is the executive Director (employee representative Director), senior vice president and
joint company secretary of our Company. Mr. Dai has been the senior vice president of our Company since 3 April 2019
and was appointed as our Director on 2 December 2020 and as our company secretary on 6 January 2022 (effective upon
Listing). Mr. Dai was designated as our executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Dai also acts as a director of Wuhan
Company, Chengdu Company, Hefei Company and Jiangmen Company. Mr. Dai is mainly responsible for the investment,
financing and capital operation of our Group.


Mr. Dai has over 20 years of experience in business management and investment and financing. Prior to joining our Group,
Mr. Dai served as the deputy general manager and secretary of the board of directors of Shenzhen Tongyi Industrial Co.,
Ltd.* (深圳市同益實業股份有限公司) from August 2018 to April 2019, and was responsible for the investment, financing
and capital operation. Mr. Dai worked as the secretary of the board of directors in Tianma from November 2016 to January
2018, mainly responsible for the investment, financing and capital operation of Tianma. From April 2014 to January 2018,
Mr. Dai served as an assistant president of Tianma. From May 2011 to April 2014, he worked at Ping An Fund Management
Co., Ltd.* (平安基金管理有限公司). He worked in Da Cheng Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (大成基金管理有限公司) from
October 2009 to May 2011 and worked at Ping An Insurance Company of China, Ltd.* (平安人壽保險股份有限公司) from
April 2004 to October 2009. From May 2000 to August 2002, Mr. Dai worked at Yingda Securities Co., Ltd* (英大證券有限
責任公司).


Mr. Dai obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in International Finance from Zhongnan University of
Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學) in June 1999.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022      27
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhou Sheng (周勝先生) (former name Zhou Zisheng (周子勝)), aged 47, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Zhou has
     been the non-executive Director since 8 December 2015 and was designated as our non-executive Director on 10 December
     2021. Mr. Zhou is mainly responsible for providing guidance for the overall development of the Group.


     Since April 2017, Mr. Zhou has been the chairman of the board of directors and the legal representative of Jintan
     Hualuogeng, mainly responsible for the overall management of Jintan Hualuogeng. Prior to joining Jintan Hualuogeng,
     Mr. Zhou served as the deputy general manager of Jintan Holding from September 2014 to February 2017, where he was
     mainly responsible for corporate financing and standardized management of funds. He served as the general manager of
     Jintan Holding from February 2017 to February 2019, and from December 2021 until now, he has been mainly responsible
     for the overall work of its production, operation and management. Mr. Zhou also worked as the Financial Affairs Office
     of Jintan Municipal Government* (金壇市政府金融工作辦公室) as deputy director from April 2014 to August 2014, mainly
     responsible for planning and implementation of the relevant policies in relation to the development of the banking and
     financing guarantee industries in Jintan District. Mr. Zhou worked at the Finance Bureau of Jintan District* (金壇市財政
     局) as office director and deputy chief accountant of the budget section from April 2007 to February 2011, and as chief
     accountant from March 2011 to March 2014, mainly responsible for financial budget management. Prior to that, he worked
     as general budget accountant and deputy director of Financial Office of Xuebu Town, Jintan City* (金壇市薛埠鎮財政所)
     from August 1995 to March 2007, mainly responsible for management of financial special funds and internal audit work.


     Mr. Zhou also serves at various positions in Jintan Group and their respective subsidiaries including:


     •      since September 2022, he has been serving as an executive director and legal representative of Changzhou Huake
            Longke Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科隆科科技投資有限公司);


     •      since January 2022, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Changzhou Zhongcheng
            Industrial Co., Ltd* (常州眾成實業發展有限公司) (“Changzhou Zhongcheng”), a subsidiary of Jintan Hualuogeng;


     •      since December 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Jinsha Investment;


     •      since December 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Changzhou Jinsha Capital
            Management Co., Ltd* (常州金沙資金管理有限公司) (“Jinsha Capital Management”), a subsidiary of Jintan
            Holding;


     •      since October 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Jiangsu Jiangnan Clean
            Energy Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (江蘇江南清潔能源研究院有限公司) (“Jiangnan Clean Energy”), a subsidiary of
            Jintan Hualuogeng;


     •      since May 2021, he has served as an executive director and a legal representative of Changzhou Huake Zhuolin
            Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科卓林實業投資有限公司) (“Huake Zhuolin”), a subsidiary of Jintan
            Hualuogeng;


     •      since December 2020, he has served as a general manager, an executive director and a legal representative of
            Changzhou Huakewo Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科沃實業投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Huake
            Engineering;


     •      since May 2018, he has served as an executive director and legal representative of Changzhou Huakeyi Technology
            Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科易科技投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Huake Engineering;

28   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                   Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•     since April 2018, he has served as a general manager, executive director and legal representative of Changzhou
      Huakerui Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州華科瑞科技投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Huake Engineering;


•     since January 2018, he has served as chairman of the supervisory committee of Changzhou ECTEK Automotive
      Electronic Systems Co., Ltd.* (常州易控汽車電子股份有限公司), a company primarily engaged in development and
      sales of automobile engine and technology promotion services;


•     since January 2018, he has served as a director of Jiangsu Chengdong Construction Projects Co., Ltd* (江蘇城東建設
      工程有限公司), a subsidiary of Jintan Holding;


•     since March 2017, he has served as an executive director of Changzhou Huake Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (常州華科
      創業投資有限公司) (“Huake Venture Capital”), a subsidiary of Jintan Hualuogeng;


•     since March 2017, he has served as an executive director and the legal representative of Huake Investment;


•     since March 2017, he has served as an executive director and legal representative of Huake Engineering; and


•     since March 2017, he has been serving as an employee director and general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment
      Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司).


Mr. Zhou obtained a bachelor’s degree in economic management from Central Party School College of Correspondence* (中
央黨校函授學院) through correspondence study (函授課程) in December 2006.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022   29
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Zhang Guoqing (張國慶先生), aged 50, is the non-executive Director. Mr. Zhang has been the non-executive Director
     since 13 August 2019 and was designated as our non-executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Zhang is responsible
     for providing guidance for the overall development of the Group.

     Since 7 February 2023, Mr. Zhang has been serving as the employee director and general manager of Jiangsu Jintan
     Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金城科技產業發展有限公司). Since December 2016, Mr.
     Zhang has been serving as the chairman of the supervisory committee of Jintan Holding. Prior to joining Jiantan Investment,
     Mr. Zhang worked in Jintan Huijin Construction Investment Development Co., Ltd.* (金壇市惠金建設投資發展有限公司)
     from July 2013 to January 2015 and from February 2015 to December 2016, and his last position was deputy general
     manager and head of the general department. From June 2011 to July 2013, Mr. Zhang worked in Jintan City Finance
     Bureau as a member of the Economics and Construction Section. From June 2011 to July 2013, Mr. Zhang was a member
     of the Financial Law Enforcement and Inspection Brigade of Jintan City (金壇市財政執法稽查大隊). From December 2010
     to June 2011, Mr. Zhang worked at Jintan Construction and Engineering Group Co., Ltd* (金壇建工集團有限公司), mainly
     responsible for internal control audit. He also worked at Construction Bureau of Jintan City in Beijing Office* (金壇市建設局
     駐北京辦事處) from December 2000 to December 2010, and his last position was chief of Financial Section.

     Concurrently, Mr. Zhang also serves at various positions in Jintan Group and their respective subsidiaries including:

     •      since January 2022, he has been a supervisor of Changzhou Zhongcheng;

     •      since October 2021, he has been a supervisor of Jiangnan Clean Energy;

     •      since May 2021, he has been a supervisor of Huake Zhuolin;

     •      since April 2021, he has been a supervisor of the following companies:

            –      Jintan Holdings
            –      Jincheng Technology
            –      Huake Engineering
            –      Jinsha Capital Management
            –      Changzhou Jinsha City Development Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙城市開發有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                   Jincheng Technology
            –      Jiangsu Jintan Zhonghe Investment Co., Ltd* (江蘇金壇眾合投資有限公司), a subsidiary of Jinsha Investment
            –      Huake Venture Capital
            –      Jiangsu Changdang Lake Agricultural Technology Industrial Park Co., Ltd.* (江蘇長蕩湖農業科技產業園有限
                   公司)

     •      since January 2021, he has been a supervisor of Changzhou Yijing Optoelectronics Technology Co., Ltd.* (常州億晶
            光電科技有限公司);

     •      since May 2017, he has been serving as an executive director and legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Investment
            Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司), a subsidiary of Jinsha Investment;

     •      since May 2017, he has been a director of Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.

     Mr. Zhang has been a non-practising member of Beijing Institute of Certified Public Accountants in the PRC since September
     2010.


     Mr. Zhang obtained a junior college diploma in infrastructure finance from School of Water Resources, Yangzhou
     University* (揚州大學水利學院) in June 1994.
30   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. Li Yunxiang (李雲祥先生), aged 45, our non-executive Director. Mr. Li was appointed as our Director on 13 August
2019 and was designated as our non-executive Director on 10 December 2021. Mr. Li is mainly responsible for providing
guidance for the overall development of our Group. Mr. Li also serves as a director of Fujian Company.


Since February 2018, Mr. Li has been a member of the party committee and a vice general manager of Jinyuan Investment
and mainly responsible for the investment management, financial management and direct equity investment in Jiayuan
Investment. Since January 2018, he has been the chairman of Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (金圓資本
管理(廈門)有限公司). From December 2007 to December 2020, Mr. Li served successively as the deputy general manager,
general manager and chairman of Xiamen Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.* (廈門市融資擔保有限公司, formerly known as
Xiamen City Guaranty Co., Ltd.* (廈門市擔保有限公司)), and currently serves as a director of this company. Since January
2023, Mr. Li has served as the general manager of Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment Group Company Limited* (廈門金
圓投資集團有限公司) and is fully responsible for daily operation. Since January 2023, Mr. Li has served as the chairman of
the board of directors of Xiamen International Trust Co., Ltd.* (廈門國際信託有限公司).


Mr. Li also serves at various positions in Jinyuan Investment and its subsidiaries including:


•      since July 2021, he has served as a director of Zhongbing Shunjing Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd.* (中兵
       順景股權投資管理有限公司);


•      since December 2020, he has served as a director of Fujian Sangang (Group) Co., Ltd.* (福建三鋼(集團)有限公司);


•      since June 2020, he has served as the director of Jinyuan President Securities Co., Ltd.* (金圓統一證券有限公司);


•      since May 2020, he has served as a director of Xiamen Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門創業投資有限公司);




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022   31
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •       since December 2018, he has served as a director of Jinyuan Industry Equity Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓股權投
             資有限公司);


     •       since June 2018, he has served as a director of Xiamen International Trust Co., Ltd.* (廈門國際信託有限公司);


     •       since April 2018, he has served as a director of Jinyuan Industry Jinkong Holdings Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓金控股份有限
             公司);


     •       since March 2018, he has served as a director of Xiamen Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門資產管理有限公司);


     •       since March 2018, he has served as a director of Xiamen Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.* (廈門金融控股有限公司); and


     •       since January 2018, he has served as the chairman and legal representative of Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen)
             Co., Ltd* (金圓資本（廈門）有限公司).


     Mr. Li received the honor of “senior elite’ high-level financial talent”* (“高級精英型”高層次金融人才) by the Xiamen Local
     Financial Supervision and Administration Bureau (廈門市地方金融監督管理局) in October 2020, and was awarded the “Tenth
     Batch of Top Talents in Xiamen” (“廈門市第十批拔尖人才”) by the Xiamen Municipal People’s Government in October
     2019.


     Mr. Li obtained a junior college diploma in finance from School of Finance and Economics, Jimei University* (集美大學) in
     July 1997 and a master’s degree in business management from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2008.


     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wu Guangquan (吳光權先生), aged 60, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wu joined our Group and was
     appointed as an independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Wu is primarily responsible for providing
     independent advice and judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Mr. Wu is the
     chairman of our Remuneration Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and Nomination Committee.


     Mr. Wu has accumulated extensive experience in the field of corporate governance and business development through his
     past experiences. Mr. Wu has served as the chairman of the presidium of China Federation of Industrial Economics (中國工
     業經濟聯合會) from July 2019, which is a joint organization of the National Industrial Associations (全國工業行業協會) with
     its goal to actively promote the transformation of China’s industrialization and technology innovation. Since July 2019, he
     served as chairman of the Council of Federation of Shenzhen Industries (深圳工業總會), an organization aiming to nurture
     and establish associations of various industries, promote technological innovation and the transformation and upgrading
     of enterprises in industrial sector. From May 2017 to July 2019, Mr. Wu served as the chairman of the board of directors,
     and secretary of the leading party member’s sub-group (分黨組書記) at China Aviation Industry General Aircraft Co., Ltd.*
     (中航通用飛機有限公司) and was mainly responsible for its overall management. From December 2016 to May 2017, he
     served as special commissioner of AVIC. From February 2010 to December 2016, he worked at AVIC International Holdings
     Co., Ltd *(中國航空技術國際控股有限公司) (“AVIC International”). During his tenure at AVIC International, he held various
     positions and his last position was chairman of the board of directors and secretary of leading party sub-group (分黨組書記).
     From September 2002 to February 2010, Mr. Wu worked at AVIC Technology Shenzhen Limited* (中國航空技術深圳有限公
     司) (formerly known as AVIC Technology International Holdings Shenzhen Co., Ltd* (中國航空技術國際控股深圳有限公司)
     (“AVIC Shenzhen”) where his last position was chairman of the board of directors and general manager. During the term of
     his office at AVIC Shenzhen, Mr. Wu also served as the chairman of several listed companies under AVIC Shenzhen.


32   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                    Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




From May 1997 to April 2000, he served as the general manager of Jiangxi Jiangnan Trust Joint Stock Company Limited* (江
西江南信託投資股份有限公司) (formerly known as AVIC Trust Co., Ltd* (中航信託股份有限公司)). From August 1982 to May
1997, Mr. Wu worked at AVIC Shenzhen holding various positions and his last position is deputy general accountant and
manager of the financial department. Mr. Wu obtained the qualification of senior accountant from AVIC on 28 February
1996.

Mr. Wu obtained a diploma in industrial accounting from Zhengzhou University of Aeronautics* (鄭州航空工業管理學院) in
July 1982 and received a master’s degree of business administration from Tongji University (同濟大學) in July 1999.

Mr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生先生), aged 54, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Wang joined our Group and
was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Wang is mainly responsible for
supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Mr. Wang is the
chairman of our Audit Committee.

Mr. Wang has extensive experience in investment, financial and corporate management. Since April 2017, Mr. Wang has
been a professor and doctoral supervisor in the Department of Finance of Southern University of Science and Technology*
(南方科技大學). From July 2003 to April 2017, Mr. Wang worked at the Economics and Management School of Harbin
Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School* (哈爾濱工業大學深圳研究生院) as a professor.

Mr. Wang also currently serves as independent director at Tianma and other listed companies including:

•      Changyuan Technology Group Joint Stock Company Limited* (長園科技集團股份有限公司), a company whose
       shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600525) and principally engaged in the R&D and
       manufacturing of intelligent digitalization of industrial and power systems;

•      Shahe Industrial Co., Ltd* (沙河實業股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock
       Exchange (stock code: 000014) and principally engaged in real estate development and operation; and

•      Guangdong Wedge Co., Ltd* (廣東萬澤實業股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen
       Stock Exchange (stock code: 000534) and principally engaged in real estate development.

Mr. Wang has been qualified as a certified public accountant (non-practising member) in the PRC since May 1997.

Mr. Wang graduated with a bachelor of science degree from Changsha Electric Power College* (長沙電力學院) in July 1991
and he graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) with a master’s degree in economics in 1994. Mr. Wang
received his doctor of law degree in international economic law from School of Law, Peking University (北京大學) in July
2000 and postdoctoral degree in management from School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University (清華大學)
in July 2002. Mr. Wang also held a master’s degree in business administration from University of Chicago in May 2004.


Mr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐先生), aged 52, is our independent non-executive Director. Mr. Chen joined our Group and was
appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Mr. Chen is mainly responsible for supervising
and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Mr. Chen is the chairman of
our Nomination Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee.


Mr. Chen has extensive experience on providing advice on corporate finance, dispute resolution and mergers and acquisition
for listed companies and State-owned enterprises. Since August 2012, Mr. Chen has been a senior partner at Junzejun
Law Offices (君澤君律師事務所). From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Chen was a counsel at King & Wood Mallesons (金杜律師事
務所). From 1994 to 2010, Mr. Chen served at various positions at Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court where his last
position was deputy chief judge at the Company Liquidation and Bankruptcy Tribunal of Shenzhen Intermediate People’s
Court* (深圳市中級人民法院(公司清算與破產審判庭)). From May 2014 to June 2020, he served as an independent director
of Hubei Sanxia New Building Materials Co., Ltd. (湖北三峽新型建材股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600293). From November 2016 to 2019, Mr. Chen served as an independent
non-executive director of Hong Kong New Sports Group Limited, a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of
Stock Exchange (currently known as Glory Sun Land Group Limited) (stock code: 00299).


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022      33
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Mr. Chen also currently serves as independent director at Tianma and other companies including:


     •         Sino Life Insurance Co., Ltd* (生命人壽保險有限公司);


     •         Sino Life Asset Management Co., Ltd* (生命保險資產管理有限公司);


     •         Sino Life Insurance Holding Joint Stock Limited Company* (生命保險控股股份有限公司); and


     •         Shenzhen Nanshan Power Co., Ltd* (深圳南山熱電股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on Shenzhen
               Stock Exchange (stock code: 000037) and principally engaged in production and operation of power supply, heating
               and general contracting of construction projects of power plants.


     Mr. Chen is a registered foreign lawyer in Hong Kong, and a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong. He is also a
     qualified lawyer in the PRC. Mr. Chen is an arbitrator at China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (中
     國國際經濟貿易仲裁委員會) and Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration (深圳國際仲裁院). Mr. Chen graduated from
     Southwest University of Political Science & Law (西南政法大學) with a bachelor’s degree in economic law in July 1994 and
     received his master’s degree in common law from University of Hong Kong in December 2003. He also obtained a doctoral
     degree in civil and commercial law from Jilin University (吉林大學) in December 2008.


     SUPERVISORS
     Mr. Jiang Jinhua (姜金華先生), aged 50, is our Shareholder representative Supervisor and chairman of the Supervisory
     Committee. Mr. Jiang joined our Group on 7 February 2021 and was appointed as our Supervisor on the same day. Mr.
     Jiang is mainly responsible for supervising our Directors and senior management of our Company on fulfillment of their
     duties.


     Since December 2020, Mr. Jiang has been the party secretary and chairman of the board of directors for Jintan Holding,
     and is mainly responsible for the party committee work of Jintan Holding. Since September 2021, Mr. Jiang has been the
     executive director and general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Zhonghe Investment Co., Ltd. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Jiang
     served as party working committee secretary (黨工委書記) at Xicheng Sub-District of Jintan District* (金壇區西城街道) from
     March 2019 to December 2020. From May 2017 to March 2019, he was the director of the district committee office of
     Jintan District Committee Office* (金壇區委辦公室) where he was primarily responsible for the overall work and reform of
     the Jintan District Committee Office. Prior to that, he worked as deputy secretary of the party committee and town mayor
     (黨委副書記及鎮長) of Zhiqian Town, Jintan District* (金壇區指前鎮) from December 2013 to May 2017. From August
     2006 to December 2013, Mr. Jiang worked at various positions at party committee of Jincheng Town, Jintan District* (金
     壇區金城鎮黨委) where his last position was deputy secretary of the party committee (黨委副書記) and director of Political
     Consultation Conference Working Committee (政協工委主任) of Jincheng Town of Jintan District, and is mainly responsible
     for the party building and work of the Political Consultative Conference Working Committee of Jincheng Town.


     Mr. Jiang received his bachelor’s degree in fine chemicals from Jiangsu Institute of Petrochemical Technology* (江蘇石油化
     工學院), (currently known as Changzhou University (常州大學)) in June 1996.




34   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Ms. Cheng Yan (程雁女士), aged 48, is our Shareholder representative Supervisor. Ms. Cheng joined our Group on 13
August 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on the same day. Ms. Cheng is mainly responsible for supervising our
Directors and senior management of our Company fulfillment of their duties. Ms. Cheng possesses extensive experience in
the fields of financial and corporate governance. Ms. Cheng joined Chengfei Integration since January 2002, a company
primarily engaged in the design, development and manufacturing of the tools and dies, with typical products such as the
dies for the large and high-grade outer skin panels used in medium and high-grade cars and has successively served as
various positions including person in charge of planning department, manager of planning and development department,
management department and securities department, manager of the project management department, the vice general
manager, financial manager, board secretary and director of Chengfei Integration. Currently Ms. Cheng is mainly
responsible for Chengfei Integration’s finance work, information disclosure related matters, management of relationship
with investors and dealing with matters in relation to the board meetings.


Ms. Cheng has received a number of awards over the years including:


•       excellent Board Secretary of Listed Companies in Sichuan Province of the Year (四川上市公司年度優秀董事會秘書)
        for years of 2016, 2015 and 2013 awarded by Sichuan Association of Listed Companies in October 2017, July 2016
        and July 2014 respectively;


•       top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise Board 2011 (2011 中國中小
        板上市公司百佳董秘) awarded by Securities Times in 2012; and


•       excellent Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise Board 2010 (2010 中國中小
        板上市公司百佳董秘) awarded by Securities Times in 2010.


Ms. Cheng has been a Senior International Finance Manager (高級國際財務管理師) jointly recognized by International
Financial Management Association and China Association of Chief Financial Officers since June 2010. She has also been a
Senior Economist (高級經濟師) recognized by Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC since September
2020.


Ms. Cheng graduated from Northwestern Polytechnical University (西北工業大學) with a bachelor’s degree in machinery
manufacturing process and equipment in July 1996, and she has obtained a master’s degree in business administration from
Southwestern University of Finance and Economics (西南財經大學) in December 2001.


Ms. Nian Mingzhu (念明珠女士), aged 36, is our employee representative Supervisor. Ms. Nian joined our Group on
15 July 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on 15 September 2020. She is mainly responsible for supervising our
Directors and senior management of our Company on fulfillment of their duties. Apart from being our Supervisor, she
worked as an equipment procurement director at Xiamen Company from July 2019 to September 2020 and has been the
equipment procurement director of our Company since September 2020. Ms. Nian is mainly responsible for supervising our
Group’s equipment procurement. Ms. Nian also serves as a supervisor for Hefei Company, Chengdu Company, Shenzhen
Research Institute, Xiamen Company, Fujian Company, Jiangmen Company and Sichuan Company.


Prior to joining our Group, Ms. Nian worked at Xiamen Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (廈門天馬微電子有限公司), a
subsidiary of Tianma, successively as capital accountant, asset accountant and auditor from July 2011 to July 2019 and was
mainly responsible for its daily capital management, asset accounting, annual audit of the financial statements of overseas
subsidiaries, various special management audits and accountability audits of the senior management.


Ms. Nian obtained her bachelor’s degree in financial management from Fujian Normal University (福建師範大學) in June
2011.

                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022      35
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜女士), aged 53, is the chairwoman of the Board, our executive Director and chief executive officer
     of our Company. For the biography of Ms. Liu, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


     Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士), aged 38, joined our Group on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as senior vice
     president and chief technology officer of our Company on 5 September 2019. She is mainly responsible for the market
     strategy, product strategy, R&D, intellectual property of our Group. Dr. Pan also served as the person-in-charge of Shanghai
     Branch Co. of the Company on 28 July 2022.


     Dr. Pan has over ten years of experience in the R&D of battery. From July 2011 to April 2019, she successively served as the
     director of the battery materials office, the director of the battery design office, the director of the battery design institute,
     the project chief engineer, the deputy chief engineer and the chief technology officer of Luoyang Company, and was mainly
     responsible for material R&D, battery products development, scientific research management and major project research.


     In September 2017, Dr. Pan obtained the qualification of a senior engineer awarded by AVIC.


     Dr. Pan received many honors, including:


     •      In May 2022, she was awarded the “Ten Outstanding Young People in Changzhou” (常州市十大傑出青年) by
            Changzhou Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League and Changzhou Daily;


     •      In March 2022, she was awarded the “March 8 Red Flag Bearer of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省三八紅旗手) by the
            People’s Government of Jiangsu Province;


     •      In March 2022, she was awarded the “Most Beautiful Woman of Changzhou” (常州市最美巾幗人物) by the People’s
            Government of Jiangsu Province;


     •      In October 2021, she was awarded the “Top Talent of Changzhou ‘Dragon City Talent Program’” (常州市”龍城英才
            計劃”頂尖人才) by Changzhou Talent Work Leading Group Office;


     •      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020 Outstanding Entrepreneur” (2020年度優秀企業家)
            by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


     •      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2016-2020 Advanced Person of Moving Jintan” (2016-
            2020 年感動金壇先進人物) by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


     •      in June 2019, she was appointed as a member of the Technical Committee of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage
            Battery Industry Innovation Alliance* (江蘇省動力及儲能電池產業創新聯盟技術委員會);


     •      in April 2019, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Expert of Luoyang City” (洛陽市優秀專家) by the
            People’s Government of Luoyang City;


     •      in January 2019, she was awarded the honorary title of “Leader of Academic Technology in Henan Province” (河南
            省學術技術帶頭人) by the People’s Government of Henan Province;

36   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                    Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•      in January 2019, she was awarded the second prize of Henan Science and Technology Progress Award (河南省科學
       技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “Technology Development of High
       Specific Energy EV Battery Based on Hybrid Cathode Material” (基於混合正極材料的高比能量動力電池技術開發);


•      in October 2017, she was awarded the honorary title of “Winner of Luoyang Youth Science and Technology Award”
       (洛陽市青年科技獎獲獎者) by the Luoyang Talent Work Leading Group (洛陽市人才工作領導小組);


•      in September 2017, she was awarded the second prize of the Fujian Science and Technology Progress Award by the
       People’s Government of Fujian Province (福建省科學技術進步獎) for the project of “High-Safety Ceramic Separator
       and Its Application in Power Lithium-ion Batteries” (高安全陶瓷隔膜及其在動力鋰離子電池中的應用);


•      in December 2016, she was awarded the second prize of Henan Science and Technology Progress Award (河南省科
       學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “High Safety CAM72FI Metal Shell
       Lithium-ion EV Battery” (高安全性 CAM72FI 金屬殼鋰離子動力電池);


•      in July 2015, she was awarded the first prize of the Luoyang Science and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科
       學技術進步獎) by the Luoyang Municipal People’s Government for the project of “CAM72FI Metal Shell Battery
       Development” (CAM72FI 金屬殼電池研製); and


•      in March 2015, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Scientific and Technological Worker” (優秀
       科技工作者) by AVIC. Dr. Pan obtained her doctoral degree in physical chemistry from University of Science and
       Technology of China (中國科學技術大學) in June 2011.


Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生), aged 44, is our executive Director (employee representative Director), senior vice president and
joint company secretary of our Company. For the biography of Mr. Dai, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this
section.


Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生), aged 40, joined our Group on 1 July 2018 and was appointed as senior vice president on
6 August 2018, responsible for the procurement and information technology work of our Group. Mr. Geng is the general
manager of Chengdu Company and the manager of Materials Company. Mr. Geng is also a director and the general
manager of Sichuan Company.


Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Geng served as assistant president at Tianma from February 2014 to January 2018 and
was mainly responsible for Tianma’s engagement of finance and information technology, during which time he was also
responsible for procurement, business management and administrative management. He also served as the financial
controller of Tianma from January 2012 to January 2014. From October 2010 to December 2011, Mr. Geng served as
the financial controller at Shanghai AVIC Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海中航光電子有限公司). From February 2009 to
December 2011, he worked as the financial controller at Chengdu Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (成都天馬微電子股
份有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma. From January 2007 to January 2009, he worked as a financial accountant of Shanghai
Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海天馬微電子股份有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma. Mr. Geng earned his bachelor’s
degree of management in accounting from Anhui University of Technology (安徽工業大學) in July 2003.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022      37
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Ms. Gao Yan (高豔女士), aged 39, joined our Group on 20 April 2020 and was appointed as vice president on 25 April
     2020. Ms. Gao is the financial controller of our Group and mainly responsible for the financial and human resources of our
     Group. She also acts as a director of Chengdu Company.


     Ms. Gao has over 15 years of experience in finance. Prior to joining our Group, she worked successively at Tianma as a
     financial accountant from April 2008 to May 2010, as a financial manager from June 2010 to April 2015 and as financial
     controller from May 2015 to April 2020, where she was primarily responsible for the operation of accounting body of
     Tianma.


     Ms. Gao obtained her bachelor’s and master’s degree of management in accounting from Central South University (中南大
     學) in June 2005 and December 2007, respectively.


     Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生), aged 38, joined our Group on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as vice president
     of our Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. Wang is mainly responsible for the manufacturing technology and quality
     of our group, coordinating the development of energy storage business of our Group. Mr. Wang has been the general
     manager of CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* since 23 June 2021 and has served as deputy secretary of the party committee and
     deputy dean of research institute of the company since September 2018. Mr. Wang served as the legal representative,
     director and general manager of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd.* since 1 November
     2021. Mr. Wang served as the general manager and legal representative of CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* since 20 April 2022. Mr.
     Wang served as the legal representative and general manager of CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* since 1 February 2023.


     Mr. Wang served as vice general manager of our Company from August 2016 to August 2018, and was mainly responsible
     for the relevant engagement of our Company’s overall operation and manufacturing. From August 2013 to September
     2015, he had successively served as vice general manager and general manager of the manufacturing department at
     Luoyang Company and was mainly responsible for the engagement of crafts technology, equipment technology and
     manufacturing management. He served as the plant manager at the One Factory* (精益一廠) of the manufacturing
     department of Luoyang Company from September 2011 to July 2013 and was mainly responsible for production
     management of the sub-factory. He also served as engineer at the process technology department of Luoyang Company
     from October 2010 to August 2011 and was mainly responsible for the engagement of crafts development. Prior to joining
     of Luoyang Company, he served as technical engineer at Stainless Steel Tubes & Pipes Co., Tisco* (山西太鋼不銹鋼鋼管有限
     公司) from July 2009 to October 2010 and was mainly responsible for workshop crafts.


     Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in material science and engineering from Zhengzhou University (鄭州大學) in July
     2006 and a master’s degree in material science from University of Science and Technology Beijing (北京科技大學) in June
     2009.




38   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Mr. He Fan (何凡先生), aged 45, joined our Group on 20 August 2018 and was appointed as vice president of our
Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. He is responsible for the manufacturing operations, engineering construction,
environmental safety of our group. Mr. He also acts as the general manager of Wuhan Company.


Before being appointed as vice president of our Company, Mr. He acted as the assistant to general manager of our
Company from August 2018 to November 2021 and was mainly responsible for engineering and construction. Prior to
joining our Group, Mr. He had successively served as senior manager of factory affairs, deputy director of factory affairs,
and director of factory affairs in Tianma from July 2011 to November 2017 and was mainly responsible for project
construction and operation management. From April 2007 to June 2011, he had successively served as environment safety
engineer and environment safety manager in Tianma.


Mr. He obtained his bachelor’s degree in environment engineer from Suzhou Urban Construction and Environmental
Protection Institute* (蘇州城建環保學院) in June 2001.


Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生), aged 40, joined our Group on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as vice president of our
Company on 15 November 2021. Mr. Xie is mainly responsible for the sales of in-vehicle business and research and
development of in-vehicle battery products of our Group.


Before being appointed as vice president of our Company, Mr. Xie acted as the assistant to general manager of our
Company from July 2019 to October 2021 and was mainly responsible for sales of domestic passenger vehicles. From
January 2019 to June 2019, he was a senior product director of marketing center of our Company and was mainly
responsible for development of passenger vehicle products. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Xie had successively served as
the head of engineering department, the deputy president of technology research institute and the deputy chief engineer
of the science and technology department at Luoyang Company from September 2008 to December 2018, and was mainly
responsible for project management and development of battery pack products. From November 2007 to August 2008, he
served as an engineer in the engineering department at Luoyang Company, and was mainly responsible for the development
of battery pack products. From August 2006 to October 2007, Mr. Xie served as an engineer at the engineering department
of Cama (Luoyang) Electromechanic Co., Ltd.* (凱邁（洛陽）機電有限公司) and was responsible for product development.


Mr. Xie has obtained the qualification of senior engineer from AVIC in 2016. He received the first prize of Luoyang Science
and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科學技術進步獎) for the project “research on lithium energy storage technology
of large-scale wind-solar storage and transportation system*” (大規模風光儲輸綜合系統鋰電儲能技術研究) awarded by
People’s Government of Luoyang City in June 2016. He was also awarded the AVIC Science and Technology Award* (中航
工業集團科學技術獎) for the project “High reliability CA60F I lithium-ion EV battery*” (高可靠性CA60F I鋰離子動力電池) by
AVIC in December 2015. In January 2014, he was awarded the second prize of the Science and Technology Progress Award
of Henan Province (河南省科學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project of “Megawatt-
level Lithium-ion Battery Grid Peak-shaving Energy Storage System” (兆瓦級鋰離子電池電網調峰儲能系統).


Mr. Xie obtained his bachelor’s engineering degree in computer science and technology from Harbin Engineering University
(哈爾濱工程大學) in June 2006.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022      39
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. Dai Ying (戴穎先生) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of our Company on 6 January 2022. For
     the biography of Mr. Dai, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


     Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (張啟昌先生) was appointed as the other joint company secretary of our Company on
     6 January 2022. Mr. Cheung is a senior manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited mainly
     responsible for assisting listed companies in professional company secretarial work. Prior to joining SWCS Corporate
     Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, Mr. Cheung served as the company secretary of certain companies, each of which is
     listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. Cheung is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom.


     Mr. Cheung obtained a Bachelor Degree of Arts (Honors) in Accounting and Finance at the University of Glamorgan in the
     United Kingdom in June 1996.




40   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                               Corporate Governance Report

The Board hereby presents the corporate governance report (the “Corporate Governance Report”) of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2022.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and has established and implemented
good corporate governance practices to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements on management structure,
internal control, risk management and information disclosure, so as to achieve effective transparency and accountability to
safeguard the interests of all shareholders.


The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set out in Appendix 14
to the Listing Rules as its own corporate governance code since the listing date. Since the listing date and up to the end of
the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code, except for
the following deviations:


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairperson and chief executive officer should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairwoman and chief
executive officer should be clearly established and set out in writing.


Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman of the Board as well as the president of our Company, mainly responsible for overall
strategic planning and operational decision of the Group. Taking into consideration the Company’s current situation, the
Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairwoman of the Board and president in the same person has the benefit of
ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the
Group. The Directors also consider that the balance of responsibility and authority under the present arrangement will not
be impaired, and this structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. Under
the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board works efficiently and performs its responsibilities with all key and appropriate
issues discussed in a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board
and relevant Board committees, and there are three independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent
perspective, the Board is therefore of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of
powers within the Board. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time
in light of prevailing circumstances, to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of our Company.


The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices to ensure that it continues to comply with the CG
Code and is in line with the latest developments of the regulatory authorities.


Culture
Mission: We shoulder the mission of energy safety for mankind. We drive the positive development of the industry with
innovative concepts and leading core technologies. Adhering to our corporate spirit of “beyond commerce, bettering
mankind”, we are committed to leading the new energy era.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022       41
     Corporate Governance Report




     Values: sincerity, efficiency and win-win.


     Our strategy: We strive to lead the energy evolution and to create a better world for mankind through the following
     strategies.


     •      All around technology advancement strategy


     •      Scaling-up strategy


     •      Promoting a sustainable industry development


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition of the Board
     The Board delegates certain responsibilities to various dedicated committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the
     Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee in accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of
     Association and the Listing Rules. The appointment of the respective committee members was approved by the Shareholders
     at the Shareholders’ general meeting on 25 December 2021.


     Our Company has established a Board, which comprises 8 Directors, including 2 executive Directors, 3 non-executive
     Directors and 3 independent non-executive Directors. The Board shall have one chairperson. The chairperson of the Board
     shall be elected and removed by more than one half of all Directors, and has a term of office of 3 years and may serve
     consecutive terms if re-elected .


     Executive Directors
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and president)
     Mr. Dai Ying


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhou Sheng
     Mr. Zhang Guoqing
     Mr. Li Yunxiang


     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wu Guangquan (appointed on 6 October 2022)
     Mr. Wang Susheng (appointed on 6 October 2022)
     Mr. Chen Zetong (appointed on 6 October 2022)




42   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” of this report. To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of them has any personal relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) with any other Directors, the chairwoman and the
chief executives of the Company. The Company considers that the composition of the Board has been well balanced.
Each of the Directors has the relevant experience, knowledge and expertise to contribute to the Company’s business. The
executive Directors oversee the day-to-day operations of the Group, while the independent non-executive Directors provide
independent judgement to the decision-making process of the Board.


Responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the Board and management
The Company has formalized and adopted written terms on the division of functions reserved to the Board and those
delegated to the management of the Company. The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the Company,
including the approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, risk management and internal
control systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information,
appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.


All Directors have full and timely access to the relevant information of the Group as well as the advice and services of the
joint company secretary and senior management of the Company, in order to ensure compliance with the Board procedures
and all applicable laws and regulations. Any Director may request independent professional advice in appropriate
circumstances at the Company’s expense, upon reasonable request being made to the Board. The Board has delegated the
responsibility for implementing its corporate strategies and the day-to-day management, operation and administration to
the management of the Company under the leadership of the executive Directors. Clear guidance has been made as to
the matters that should be reserved to the Board for its decision which include matters on, inter alia, capital, finance and
financial reporting, internal control, communication with Shareholders, Board composition, delegation of authority and
corporate governance. The Board periodically reviews the delegated functions and work tasks. Prior to entering into any
significant transactions, the aforesaid officers have to obtain the Board’ approval.


The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which includes:


(1)    to develop and review the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make
       recommendations to the Board;


(2)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;


(3)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


(4)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to Directors and
       employees; and


(5)    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report of the
       Company.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022      43
     Corporate Governance Report




     Continuous professional development of Directors
     All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of being a
     Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business of the
     Company and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their appointment
     as Directors to ensure that he or she has a proper understanding of the operation and business of the Company and
     full awareness of Directors’ responsibilities and obligation under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
     All Directors have been provided monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
     performance, financial position and prospects to keep the Directors’ abreast of the Group’s affairs in order to discharge
     their duties. All Directors are also updated from time to time on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
     other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
     practices, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
     the Company.


     During the year ended 31 December 2022, all Directors had participated in continuous professional development in the
     following manner in compliance with code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code:


     Training programs for Directors

                                                                                                          Hours for     People for the
     No.    Training programs                              Date                  Organizers               training      trainings


     1      Securities Laws and Regulations and            26 October 2022       Office of the Board of   3 hours
              Relevant Rules of Exchanges                                          CALB Group Co., Ltd.
     2      Insider Trading Prevention and Control         26 October 2022       Office of the Board of   1 hour        Liu Jingyu, Dai Ying,
                                                                                   CALB Group Co., Ltd.                 Zhou Sheng, Zhang
     3      Rules of Procedure for Board Meetings          26 October 2022       Office of the Board of   1 hour        Guoqing, Li Yunxiang,
                                                                                   CALB Group Co., Ltd.                 Wu Guangquan, Chen
     4      Investor Relations Management                  26 October 2022       Office of the Board of   1 hour        Zetong and Wang
                                                                                   CALB Group Co., Ltd.                 Susheng
     5      Interests Disclosure System                    26 October 2022       Office of the Board of   1 hour
                                                                                   CALB Group Co., Ltd.


     Learning materials for Directors

                                                                             Name of                      Hours         People for the
     No.    Name of the Materials                                            publishers/producers         for reading   readings


     1      Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on                     The Stock Exchange of        8 hours
                                                                                                                        Liu Jingyu, Dai Ying,
              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited                          Hong Kong Limited
                                                                                                                        Zhou Sheng, Zhang
     2      Articles of Association of CALB Group Co., Ltd.                  CALB Group Co., Ltd.         3 hours
                                                                                                                        Guoqing, Li Yunxiang,
     3      Information Disclosure Management System                         CALB Group Co., Ltd.         1 hour
                                                                                                                        Wu Guangquan, Chen
     4      Rules of Procedure for Board Meetings                            CALB Group Co., Ltd.         1 hour
                                                                                                                        Zetong and Wang
     5      China Corporate Governance Report: Transparency                  Fudan University Press       15 hours
                                                                                                                        Susheng
              and Information Disclosure

44   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




Appointment, re-election and removal
Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of office,
a Director shall be eligible to offer himself for reelection and re-appointment, but the term of office of an independent
Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the stock
exchange where the Company’s shares are listed. The term of office of a director shall commence from his accession till the
expiry of the term of the current session of the Board. Where election of directors fails to be timely conducted upon expiry
of the term of office of the former directors, the former directors shall, prior to the accession of the newly elected directors,
perform their duties as directors in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of
Association.


Subject to the relevant laws and regulations, and the regulatory rules of the jurisdictions where the Company’s shares are
listed, any person appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the Board shall hold
office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


When a Director’s resignation becomes effective or his term of office expires, he shall duly carry out all handover procedures
with the Board. His fiduciary obligations to the Company and Shareholders shall not necessarily terminate from the end of
his term of office, and shall remain effective within a reasonable period as specified in the Articles of Association.


If any Director fails to attend in person or appoint other Directors as his/her representative to attend meetings of the Board
for two consecutive times, such Director shall be deemed to have failed to perform his duties, and the Board shall propose
to replace such Director at the general meeting.


Independent Non-executive Directors
During the period from the Listing Date to the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with Rules 3.10(1)
and (2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive directors,
representing more than one-third of the Board and at least one of them has appropriate professional qualifications or
accounting or related financial management expertise. All independent non-executive Directors also meet the guidelines for
assessment of their independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received a confirmation of
independence from each of the independent non-executive Directors as required under the Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules
for the period from the Listing Date to 31 December 2022 and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be
independent. The Board will assess its independence annually.


Board meetings
Pursuant to the CG Code and the Articles of Association, at least four regular Board meetings should be held each year by
the Board. The Board is scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year, to discuss the overall strategy as well as the
operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings will be held when necessary.


Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely information to allow them to fulfill their duties properly.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022       45
     Corporate Governance Report




     Notices for regular Board meetings and meeting agenda are sent to all Directors, supervisors and general manager in
     advance. Notice of at least 14 days is given for a regular Board meeting. For other Board meetings, all Directors, supervisors
     and general manager shall be notified within a reasonable period (not less than five days) prior to the meeting. Board
     papers together with all appropriate, complete and relevant information are dispatched to all Directors at least three days
     before each regular Board meeting to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the related documents and be
     adequately prepared for the meeting.


     The joint company secretary is responsible for keeping minutes of all Board and committee meetings. Draft minutes are
     normally circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable period after each meeting and the final version is
     open to Directors for inspection. The Articles of Association contain provisions requiring Directors to abstain from voting
     and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their
     associates have a material interest.


     Directors’ attendance records
     During the period from the Listing Date (6 October 2022) to the end of this report, two Board meetings were held and no
     general meeting was held. The attendance records of Directors are set out below:


                                                                          Meetings of the
                                                                                     Board                    General meetings
                                                                Attendance rate/Number               Attendance rate/Number
                                                                               of meetings                          of meetings


     Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                      2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Dai Ying                                                                        2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Zhou Sheng                                                                      2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Zhang Guoqing                                                                   2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Li Yunxiang                                                                     2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                    2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Wang Susheng                                                                    2/2                                  0/0
     Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                     2/2                                  0/0


     During the period from the Listing Date to the end of this report, one meeting was held between the chairwoman of the
     Board and the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.




46   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




From 1 January 2023 onwards, the Board will hold at least four regular meetings every year as and when appropriate in
accordance with the CG Code, either in person or through electronic means of communication. Apart from regular Board
meetings, the Chairwoman will also hold one meeting annually with the independent non-executive Directors without the
presence of other Directors.


Chairwoman and president
Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of the chairwoman and the president should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman of the Board and the president of the
Company, mainly responsible for the overall strategic planning and operational decision-making of the Group. Taking into
consideration the Company’s current situation, the Board believes that vesting the roles of both chairwoman of the Board
and president in the same person has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and enables more
effective and efficient overall strategic planning for our Group. The Directors also consider that the balance of responsibility
and authority under the present arrangement will not be impaired, and this structure will enable our Company to make
and implement decisions promptly and effectively. Under the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board works efficiently
and performs its responsibilities with all key and appropriate issues discussed in a timely manner. In addition, as all
major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board and relevant Board committee, and there are three
independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent perspective, the Board is therefore of the view
that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers within the Board. The Board shall
nevertheless review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time in light of prevailing circumstances, to
maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


Appointment and terms of non-executive directors
Pursuant to the Article 109 of the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings
for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself for reelection and
re-appointment, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise provided by
relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed. The term of
office of a Director shall commence from his accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the Board. Where
election of Directors fails to be timely conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former Directors, the former
Directors shall, prior to the accession of the newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in accordance with
laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of Association.


Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with
the Company for a term of three years commencing from the Listing Date.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022       47
     Corporate Governance Report




     Board committees
     The Board has established three Board committees, namely, the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”), the
     remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination
     Committee”), to assist them in the efficient implementation of their functions and to oversee particular aspects of the
     Company’s affairs. Specific responsibilities, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the
     websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company, have been delegated to the above committees and the corporate
     governance duties as required under the CG Code have been performed. All committees are provided with sufficient
     resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in
     appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.


     Audit Committee
     The Audit Committee was established by the Company in accordance with Rules 3.21 to 3.23 of the Listing Rules. The
     terms of reference of the Audit Committee was adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


     The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to:


     (i)     review the Company’s financial information and monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual
             report and accounts and half-year report and to review significant financial reporting judgments contained therein
             before submission to the Board;


     (ii)    manage the relationship with the external auditors, including but not limited to making recommendation to the
             Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors, reviewing and monitoring the external
             auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable
             standards, discussing with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
             the audit commences, and developing and implementing policy on engaging an external auditor to supply non-audit
             services;


     (iii)   reviewing the Company’s financial information, monitoring the Company’s financial reporting system, risk
             management and internal control procedures;


     (iv)    reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance issues, including but limited to training
             and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and the Company’s compliance with
             legal and regulatory requirements and the CG Code;


     (v)     reviewing the Company’s environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) management approach, policies and
             strategies.


     Our Audit Committee comprises of three members, namely Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman), Mr. Wu Guangquan and Mr.
     Chen Zetong. From the Listing Date to the end of the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held two meetings and the
     work performed by the Audit Committee is summarised as follows:

     (1)     reviewing the findings and recommendations from external auditors and independent internal control reviewers;




48   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




(2)     reviewing the independence of the external auditors and engagement of external auditors;

(3)     reviewing the audit plan, internal control plan, the development in accounting standards and their effects on the
        Group, financial reporting and risk management matters;

(4)     reviewing the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff in the Group’s accounting and financial
        reporting functions; and

(5)     reviewing the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

The attendance records of each committee members are set out below:


                                                                                                     Attendance rate/
                                                                                                   Number of meetings


Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)                                                                                           2/2
Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                      2/2
Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                       2/2


The Company’s annual report and annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been
reviewed by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of opinion that the preparation of such financial information
complied with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the Listing Rules and any other applicable legal
requirements, and that adequate disclosures have been made.

Remuneration Committee
The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
Code and the terms of reference have been adopted. The Remuneration Committee adopted the approach under code
provision E.1.2(c) (ii) of the CG Code to make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration packages of independent
Directors and senior management.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to:

(i)     make recommendations to the Board on the overall structure for all Directors and senior management of the
        Company, and to establish formal and transparent procedures for developing remuneration policy;

(ii)    review and approve the senior management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’ corporate goals
        and objectives;

(iii)   to be delegated by the Board to determine the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management or to recommend to the Board the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
        management; and

(iv)    make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022      49
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman), Ms. Liu Jingyu and Mr.
     Chen Zetong. The Remuneration Committee shall consult the chairman and/or the president of the Company on proposals
     relating to the remuneration of other executive Directors. The remuneration of the Directors was determined with reference
     to the salaries paid by comparable companies and the experience, responsibilities, workload, time devoted to the Group
     and individual performance of the Directors, as well as the performance of the Group.

     From the Listing Date to the end of the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting and the
     work performed by the Remuneration Committee was summarised as follows: (1) reviewing the appropriateness of the
     remuneration policy; and (2) evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of the Group.

     The attendance records of each committee members are set out below:


                                                                                                         Attendance rate/
                                                                                                       Number of meetings


      Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman)                                                                                         1/1
      Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                                                      1/1
      Mr. Chen Zetong                                                                                                     1/1


     Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the emoluments of senior management during the year ended 31
     December 2022 fell with the following bands. The following remuneration includes: salaries, allowances, equity-settled
     share-based payments and contributions to retirement benefits schemes. Details of the remuneration components are set
     out in note 18 and note 51 to the consolidated financial statements.


      Remuneration level                                                                                 Number of persons


      RMB1,500,001 to RMB2,000,000                                                                                          1
      RMB2,000,001 to RMB2,500,000                                                                                          1
      RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000                                                                                          0
      RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                                          0
      RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                          2
      RMB7,000,001 to RMB7,500,000                                                                                          0
      RMB8,500,001 to RMB9,000,000                                                                                          0
      RMB9,000,001 to RMB9,500,000                                                                                          2
      RMB12,000,001 to RMB12,500,000                                                                                        1
      RMB16,500,001 to RMB17,000,000                                                                                        0
      RMB22,000,001 to RMB22,500,000                                                                                        1


     REMUNERATION POLICY
     The remuneration system of the Company includes basic remuneration, bonuses and employee benefits. The company
     strictly abides by national regulations and pays social security for employees in full every month. The Company continued
     to optimize and promote the talent incentive scheme, and established a hierarchical and classified incentive system for
     different employee categories. The remuneration of the Company’s employees is based on the remuneration concept of
     3P1M (person performance position market), which is mainly determined based on factors such as market conditions,
     position value, individual performance and personal ability, and differentiated remuneration structure and remuneration
     grades are determined according to the characteristics of different positions and posts. The Company adopts the A+ABC
     performance management model, and motivates the employees and stimulates their potential to the greatest extent
     through the employees’ promotion and salary adjustment, performance incentives, equity incentives, talent policies and
     more.

50   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Our executive Directors receive, in their capacity as our employees, compensation in the form of salaries and benefits-in-
kind, including our contributions to the pension scheme for our executive Directors, according to the laws of the PRC.
The aggregate amounts of remuneration (including fees, salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, discretionary bonus and
contributions to pension scheme) for our Directors and Supervisors for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022 was
approximately RMB24,377,000 and RMB31,968,000, respectively. None of our Directors waived any remuneration during
the aforesaid periods.


The information of the five highest paid individuals of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in
note 17 to the financial statements.


During the Reporting Period, no emolument was paid by our Group to any of our Directors or the five highest paid
individuals (including Directors and employees of the Company) as an inducement to join or upon joining our Group or as
compensation for loss of office. None of our Directors has waived any emoluments during the Reporting Period.


Save as disclosed above, no other payments of remuneration have been made, or are payable, during the Reporting Period,
by our Group to any of our Directors or their representatives.


Nomination Committee
The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the Corporate
Governance Code. The terms of reference have been adopted in compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.


The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to:


(i)     ensure that the Board and its committees consist of Directors with the appropriate balance of skills, diversity and
        knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties effectively;


(ii)    review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least
        annually and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
        corporate strategy;


(iii)   develop, review and implement, as appropriate, the policy, criteria and procedures for the identification, selection
        and nomination of candidates as directors for Board approval. Such criteria include but are not limited to the
        potential contributions a candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience, independence
        and gender diversity;


(iv)    assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


(v)     make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and senior management
        and succession planning for Directors and senior management, in particular the chairman and the chief executive;
        and


(vi)    draw up, review and update, as appropriate, the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives for
        implementing such Board Diversity Policy as may be adopted by the Board from time to time and to review and
        update the progress on achieving the objectives; and to make disclosures of its progress its review results in the
        annual report of the Company annually.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022       51
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman), the independent non-
     executive Director, Ms. Liu Jingyu, the executive Director and Mr. Wu Guangquan, the independent non-executive Director.
     From the listing date to the end of the reporting period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting and the work
     performed by the Nomination Committee is summarised as follows:


     (1)    to review and confirm that the structure, size and composition of the Board and the proportions of executive
            directors and independent non-executive Directors remain appropriate for the Board to discharge its duties;


     (2)    to review and confirm the diversity of skills, knowledge, experience and gender of the members of the Board;


     (3)    to review the Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”); and


     (4)    to formulate the Company’s nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) and make recommendations to the
            Board for adoption.


     The attendance records of each committee member are set out below:


                                                                                                             Attendance rate/
                                                                                                          Number of meetings


     Mr. Chen Zetong (Chairman)                                                                                              1/1
     Ms. Liu Jingyu                                                                                                          1/1
     Mr. Wu Guangquan                                                                                                        1/1


     Nomination Policy
     The Nomination Committee identifies individuals with suitable qualifications to become members of the Board by
     considering the proposed candidates’ skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, etc., having due regard to the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company, and evaluates the independence of the proposed Independent
     Non-Executive Directors (as the case may be). The Nomination Committee then makes recommendations to the Board. The
     Board considers the candidates recommended by the Nomination Committee after due consideration of the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company. The Board will then confirm the candidate for appointment
     as a director or recommend a candidate for re-election at a general meeting of the Company. According to the Articles of
     Association, any person appointed by the Board as a director to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or to increase the number
     of members on the Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall be eligible
     for re-election at that time.




52   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for discharging its corporate governance responsibilities as described in the “Role and
Responsibilities of the Board and Management” in this report. During the Reporting Period, the Board has reviewed the
Company’s corporate governance policies and practices and compliance with the Corporate Governance Code, reviewed
and monitored the continuous professional development of the Directors, and also reviewed and monitored the Company’s
policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.


Joint Company Secretaries
Mr. Dai Ying and Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie are appointed as joint company secretaries of the Company and are
responsible for advising the Board on corporate governance matters. Mr. Cheung’s primary contact person is Mr. Dai.


In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Dai and Mr. Cheung have confirmed that they have taken no less
than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31 December 2022.


Directors and Supervisors Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the Directors and
Supervisors of the Company. Having made specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that
they have complied with the Model Code since the Listing Date and up to the end of the Reporting Period.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
As of the end of the reporting period, the Company established appropriate and effective risk management and internal
control systems in compliance with the paragraph D.2 of the Corporate Governance Code. The Board has adopted
and implemented a comprehensive risk management policy encompassing risks that may arise in R&D, procurement
management, production management, sales management, and the construction of new projects. Our risk management
and internal control systems also cover the general functional operations such as human resources, financial management,
asset management, warehousing and logistics management, information system management and corporate governance
as well as decision-making processes. Meanwhile, the Board is committed to supervising and evaluating the effectiveness
of the risk management and internal control systems to ensure that the system is rectified and effectively controlled as our
business develops.


The Board has established a supervision mechanism for the bidding and procurement process, supervised by internal
control team to impose control on compliance in the process of reviewing potential candidates’ qualifications and bidding
document and in the tender process, providing consulting services to business activities on bidding and procurement risks.


The management of the Company, under the supervision of the Board, has implemented and maintained appropriate and
effective risk management and internal control systems. However, the risk management and internal control systems can
only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses. The key features of the risk
management and internal control systems are described in the following sections:




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022      53
     Corporate Governance Report




     Risk Management System
     The Company has adopted a risk management system to manage risks related to its business and operation. The system
     includes the following stages:


     •      Risk identification: identify risks that may affect the Group’s operation and business.


     •      Risk evaluation: analyze the possibility of the risk and its impact on the Group’s business and evaluate risk portfolios
            accordingly.


     •      Management: determine the risk management strategy and internal monitoring process to prevent, avoid or mitigate
            risks; constantly monitor the risks and ensure the establishment of an effective and appropriate internal monitoring
            process; regularly report the results and effectiveness of the risk management and internal monitoring to the Board.


     For the major risks faced by the Company/the Group, please refer to the paragraph headed “Risks and Uncertainties” in the
     “Directors’ Report” of this annual report.


     Internal Control System
     The Company has established an internal control system which enables the Company to achieve its objectives regarding
     operational effectiveness and efficiency, reliability of financial statements and compliance with applicable laws and
     regulations. Internal control process is designed to monitor the Group’s operations and ensure full compliance. The
     components of the internal control system framework are set out below:


     •      Monitoring environment: a set of standards, procedures and frameworks has been implemented to provide the basis
            for the Company’s internal monitoring.


     •      Risk evaluation: a dynamic interactive process of identifying, evaluating and analyzing risks to achieve the Company’s
            objectives and forming the basis for determining how to manage risks.


     •      Monitoring activities: actions established in accordance with policies and procedures to help ensure that
            management’s instructions to mitigate risks and achieve objectives are being implemented.


     •      Information and communication: regular and effective internal and external communications provide the Company
            with information needed for daily monitoring.


     •      Monitoring: continuous and individual evaluations to determine the existence and effective operation of each
            component of the internal control system.




54   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




The Company has also adopted and implemented inside information policies and procedures in order to enhance the
Company’s system for handling and releasing inside information and ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and
timeliness of its public disclosures. The Company has taken certain reasonable measures from time to time to ensure its
access to potential inside information and to maintain the confidentiality of such information in order not to breach the
Company’s disclosure requirements, including:


•      Information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a notice basis. Employees who are in possession of
       inside information are fully aware of their confidentiality obligations;


•      Confidentiality agreements will be entered into when the Company conducts material negotiations;


•      Different operating units have their own reporting channels to report any potential inside information to the
       designated departments;


•      An executive director is a designated person who speaks on behalf of the Company when communicating with
       external parties such as the media, analysts or investors and responding to external enquiries.


In order to standardize the Company’s capital management and strengthen internal control, the Company has released
a receivables and financing management procedure and supervises its implementation on a real-time basis to ensure the
Company’s receivables quality and optimal financing costs and effectively control capital risks.


Based on the internal monitoring review conducted for the year ended 31 December 2022, no material internal monitoring
deficiencies were identified.


Internal Audit Function
The Company has established a professional internal control team, which is responsible for establishing risk management
and internal control systems, conducting internal audit and providing internal control consultation for the Board. As of the
end of the reporting period, the members of our internal control management team have an average of more than 5 years
of relevant work experience, and hold relevant professional certificates.


Effectiveness of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
The Board is responsible for overseeing the implementation and management of the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems and ensuring that the effectiveness of such systems is reviewed annually. The review covered all
significant controls of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance controls. The Board has considered certain
aspects in the review, including but not limited to


(i)    changes in the nature and extent of significant risks (including ESG risks) since the last annual review, and the
       Company’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment;




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022     55
     Corporate Governance Report




     (ii)    the management monitors the scope and effectiveness of the risks (including ESG risks) and internal control systems
             on an ongoing basis;


     (iii)   the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board (or its committees), which helps the
             Board to assess the control and effectiveness of risk management of the issuer;


     (iv)    significant control failures or weaknesses identified during the period, and the extent to which such failures or
             weaknesses have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies that have had, could have had, or may in the
             future have, a material impact on the issuer’s financial performance or condition;


     (v)     the effectiveness of the Company’s procedures for financial reporting and compliance with the requirements of the
             Stock Exchange Listing Rules;


     (vi)    the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff, training programmes and budget in respect of the
             accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function of the issuer and the ESG performance and reporting of
             the Company.


     Through its review and the review by its independent audit department and the Audit Committee, the Board concluded
     that the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate. However, such systems are designed to
     manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board also considers that the resources, staff qualifications
     and experience of the relevant staffs are adequate and the training programmes and budget provided are adequate. Having
     conducted the review, the Board was of the view that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company
     were adequate and effective during the Reporting Period.


     Anti-corruption
     The Company pursues a zero-tolerance policy towards bribery, corruption, extortion and embezzlement. The Board has
     adopted an “Employee Code of Conduct” that contains relevant requirements for confidentiality, integrity, conflicts of
     interest and other guidelines on the code of behaviors. The Board also provides our employees with education in respect of
     anti-bribery and anti-corruption through various channels such as integrity training, and meanwhile publicizing the integrity
     regulations to our suppliers and entering into the “Anti-bribery Undertaking Agreement” with suppliers.


     Whistle-blowing Policies
     We have put in place a whistle-blowing channel where external suppliers, employees and other relevant parties can file
     complaint or report violation acts.




56   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Auditor’s emoluments
The Group’s domestic auditor RSM China (special general partnership) and international auditor RSM Hong Kong are both
independent auditors employed by the Group. The emoluments paid and payable to the domestic and international auditors
of the Group for their services provided during the reporting period are set out below:


Items                                                                                                                          Charges
                                                                                                                             (RMB’000)


Audit services
－ IFRS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                                3,226
－ CAS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                                   425


Listing-related services                                                                                                        16,999


Non-audit services (note)                                                                                                        1,293


Note:   The non-audit services mainly include interim financial statements review service and tax related services.



BOARD DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain
diversity of our Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of our Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the
Company seeks to achieve diversity of our Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting
candidates to our Board, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and
education background, ethnicity and length of service. Our Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having
a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in
maintaining our Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract talents and to retain and motivate
employees. We have also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company,
including but not limited to our Board and the senior management levels.


Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic and business development,
sales, legal compliance and corporate investment and finance. The ages of our Directors range from 44 years old to
60 years old, and we have both male and female representatives on the Board, which is in line with the regulations on
gender diversity of directors in the Listing Rules. Our Nomination Committee will review and assess the composition of the
Board and make recommendations to the Board on appointment of members of the Board. Meanwhile, our Nomination
Committee will consider the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including without limitation, professional experience, skills,
knowledge, education background, age, gender, cultural and ethnicity and length of service, in order to maintain an
appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and diversity on the Board.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022   57
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Nomination Committee has made below recommendations to the Board on the measurable objectives for the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and Nomination Policy: (1) at least 80% of Board members have college
     education background;(2) at least 80% of Board members have relevant working experiences in China; (3) at least one
     female Director is appointed; and (4) at least one third of the Board members are independent non-executive Directors. The
     Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy and Diversity Profile in due course and at least once every year
     to ensure they are continuously effective from time to time and, if necessary, make any necessary changes and recommend
     any such changes to the Board for consideration and approval. The Board confirmed that the measurable objectives had
     been achieved at the end of the Reporting Period. The Nomination Committee will disclose the implementation of the Board
     Diversity Policy in the Company’s Corporate Governance Report on an annual basis.


     In addition, as of 31 December 2022, the Group had 7,695 employees, including 5,875 male employees and 1,820 female
     employees, accounting for 76.35% and 23.65%, respectively. The overall headcount remained stable and satisfied the
     requirement of employee gender diversity. We are aiming to achieve a more balanced gender ratio in the workforce in the
     future and will continue to monitor and evaluate the diversity policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness.
     Our Nomination Committee is delegated by the Board to be responsible for compliance with relevant codes governing
     diversity under the CG Code. Our Nomination Committee will review our diversity policy on annual basis and to ensure its
     continued effectiveness.


     Board Independence/Mechanism
     The Company has formulated internal policies (including but not limited to the Articles of Association, the Rules of
     Procedures of the Board and the Terms of Reference and Procedures of the Remuneration Committee) to ensure that
     the Board has access to independent views and opinions. These policies cover the Company’s selection procedures and
     selection criteria for the election and appointment of Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), the
     abstention mechanism for voting on relevant resolutions of the Board by related Directors, and the special authorities of
     the independent appointment of external audit institutions and consulting agencies by independent Directors, etc. Upon
     reviewing the implementation of the aforesaid mechanisms, the Board considers that the aforesaid mechanisms are able to
     effectively ensure that the Board is provided with independent views and opinions.


     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company did not pay or declare any dividends during the Track Record Period. The Company currently does not have a
     pre-determined dividend payout ratio. The Board may declare and our Company may pay dividend after taking into account
     our results of operations, future business development strategies and other factors that may be deemed as relevant.


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for each financial
     year and ensures that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable
     accounting standards. The Board also ensures that the financial statements are published in a timely manner in accordance
     with statutory and/or regulatory requirements. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, confirm that they are
     not aware of any material uncertainties or circumstances that may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a
     going concern. The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities and opinions on the
     financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 80 to 219 of this report.




58   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
The Shareholders’ general meeting of the Company is the organ of authority of the Company, which consists of all the
shareholders and exercises its powers in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of Association
of the Company.


Procedures for Shareholder Request to Convene Extraordinary General Meeting or Class Meeting
For a Shareholder request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a class meeting, the procedures should be
adopted in compliance with the Article 74, pursuant to which two or more shareholders holding over 10% of our
Company’s shares, either individually or jointly, with voting rights in such proposed meeting, may sign one or several
written requests with the same format and content and submit to the Board to request convening an extraordinary general
meeting or a class meeting and explain the agenda for the meeting. The Board shall deliver written reply stating its
agreement or disagreement for convening such extraordinary general meeting or class meeting as soon as possible upon
receipt of the proposal. The number of shares for purpose of this paragraph shall be the number of shares held on the date
on which the Shareholders put forward the written request. Should the Board fail to issue a notice of such a meeting within
30 days from the date of receipt of the request, the Shareholders may submit in writing to the Supervisory Committee and
convene an extraordinary general meeting or class meeting. Should the Supervisory Committee fail to deliver the notice
for convening an extraordinary general meeting within 30 days from the date of receipt of the abovementioned notice,
Shareholders who hold more than 10% of the shares with voting rights on such meeting to be convened, either individually
or jointly, for a consecutive period of more than 90 days may convene on their own within 4 months from the receipt of
the request by the Board. The procedures for convening shall be the same, to the greatest possible extent, as those for
convening a general meeting by the Board.


Our Company shall be responsible for the reasonable fees incurred by the Shareholders in convening an extraordinary
general meeting due to the failure of the Board to convene the meeting. Our Company shall deduct such fees from the
amount owed by our Company to the Directors and Supervisors who have neglected their duties.


For a Shareholder request to propose new resolutions at the general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in
compliance with the Article 75, pursuant to which when our Company convenes a general meeting, Shareholders holding
more than 3% of our Company’s voting shares shall have the right to put forward new proposals in writing to our
Company and submit them to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting. The convener shall issue a
supplementary notice of the general meeting within 2 days after receipt thereof, notify other Shareholders, and include the
proposed matters which are within the power of the general meeting as matters to be considered at the general meeting.


Procedures for Making Enquiries
Shareholders shall make enquiries with the Company’s H Share Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited, regarding their
shareholdings, share transfer, registration and payment of dividends as follows:




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022       59
     Corporate Governance Report




     Tricor Investor Services Limited
     Address: 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong


     E-mail: is-enquiries@hk.tricorglobal.com


     Tel: (852) 2980 1333


     Fax: (852) 2810 8185


     Shareholders may at any time submit any enquiries to the Company through the Company’s designated contact person,
     correspondence address, email address and enquiry hotline:


     Recipient: Office of the Board of CALB GROUP CO., LTD.


     Address: No.1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


     E-mail: Ir@calb-tech.com


     Tel: 86-051968903688-664580


     Shareholders are reminded to submit their enquiries with their contact details so that the Company can respond promptly
     as it deems appropriate.


     Shareholders may propose a resolution at a general meeting to nominate candidates for Directors. According to the Article
     109, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings. According to the Article 60（8）, shareholders who
     individually or collectively hold more than 3% of the Company’s shares shall have the rights to propose interim resolutions
     and submit them in writing to the Board 10 days prior to the general meeting. Accordingly, if a Shareholder proposes to
     nominate a candidate for election as a Director, such notice of intent and a notice signed by the nominated candidate
     indicating his/her willingness to accept the appointment shall be duly lodged with the Company’s registered office for the
     attention of the Company Secretary and the Board of our Company.


     Further information on the procedures for Shareholders to nominate a person for election as a Director is available on the
     Company’s website. In addition, the Shareholders or the Company may refer to the above procedures to put forward any
     other proposals at the general meetings.


     INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Board believes that transparency and timely disclosure of the Company’s information is essential to enhance investor
     relations and will enable shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions and have a better understanding
     of the Company’s business performance and strategies. The Company is committed to maintaining an on-going dialogue
     with shareholders, in particular through annual general meetings and other general meetings. The Chairman of the Board
     and the chairmen of the Board Committees will endeavor to meet with the Shareholders at the general meetings to answer
     any questions raised by the Shareholders.




60   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”) which
aims to ensure transparent, accurate and open communication with Shareholders to ensure that Shareholders’ views and
concerns are properly addressed and will be reviewed annually to ensure its effectiveness. Pursuant to the requirements of
the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, Shareholders can communicate with the Company through channels such as the
Company’s official website, new media platforms, investor relations hotlines, emails, etc., by means of general meetings,
investor briefings, roadshows, analyst meetings, receptions, and forums.


The Company also has a website at http://www.calb-tech.com/ with a dedicated “Investor Relations” section containing
corporate communications documents, listings documents, announcements, reports, company information and other
documents published by the Company on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for public inspection. The
Company’s website serves as a platform for communication with shareholders and investors.


Shareholders and investors may also write to the Company’s principal place of business and headquarters in the PRC at
No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province or email to Ir@calb-tech.com for enquiries. Such
enquiries will be fully responded to as soon as possible.


The Board regularly reviews the Shareholders’ Communication Policy on an annual basis to ensure its effectiveness. After
reviewing the various measures, the Board is of the view that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy for the year ended
31 December 2022 has been properly implemented and effective.


AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION OF THE COMPANY
The Articles of Association were conditionally adopted by the Company on 25 December 2022 and became effective on
the Listing Date. On 28 December 2022, the Board proposed to amend the Articles of Association. The amended Articles of
Association were considered and approved at the extraordinary general meeting on 31 January 2023 and became effective
on the same day. For details of the amendments to the Articles of Association, please refer to the announcements of the
Company dated 28 December 2022, 6 January 2023 and 31 January 2023. The Articles of Association are available on the
respective websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


CHANGE OF COMPANY NAME
On 28 December 2022, the Board proposed to change the Chinese name of the Company from “中創新航科技股份有限公
司” to “中創新航科技集團股份有限公司”, and the resolution regarding the change of company name was considered and
approved at the extraordinary general meeting on 31 January 2023. On 17 February 2023, the Company received a new
business license dated 17 February 2023 from Changzhou Municipal Administration of Market Regulation, and the new
Chinese name of the Company became effective on the same date. For details of the change of company name, please
refer to the announcements of the Company dated 28 December 2022, 6 January 2023, 31 January 2023 and 17 February
2023.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022      61
     Directors’ Report

     The Board of the Company is pleased to present this Directors’ Report together with the audited consolidated financial
     statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is a joint stock limited company incorporated in Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province under the Company Law
     of the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022. The Group is mainly engaged in the design,
     R&D, production and sales of EV batteries and ESS products. The Group has built a comprehensive energy operation system
     to provide perfect product solutions and full life cycle management for the all-scenario application market of new energy
     represented by power and energy storage.


     Details of the business of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in the financial statements. There was no material change
     in the nature of the Company’s principal activities for the year ended 31 December 2022. For further discussion and analysis
     on principal activities, please refer to the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the Group’s results for the year, a discussion and analysis of key factors related to its financial position and the
     prospects of the Group’s business are set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report,
     respectively.


     RESULTS
     The operating results of the Group for the reporting period are set out in the Financial Review section of this annual report.


     RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     •      Technology risk
            The Company focuses on the new energy vehicle industry chain. The iteration cycles of new energy vehicle
            technology are relatively short and if the technologies and products of upstream EV battery enterprises fail to
            respond to the iterative demand of new energy vehicle technology in a timely manner, it may lead to risks arising
            from a decline in product competitiveness and deterioration of financial performance.


            The Company is committed to maintaining technological innovation and leadership in advanced chemical energy
            storage materials, intelligent manufacturing technology, high-performance battery and system technology, new
            batteries and battery life cycle management, ensuring the competitive advantages of products in the application
            field. In the future, the Company will accelerate the implementation of the dual-driven strategy of power and energy
            storage, seizing the development opportunities of the energy storage market against the backdrop of dual-carbon
            target, supported by our existing EV battery business to explore new business segments.


     •      Market risk
            In the context of the national “dual-carbon” target, the Company is set to identify changes in customer preferences
            and needs in a timely manner by reducing product carbon footprint and enhancing product competitiveness
            following the increasing demand for carbon reduction in the whole industry chain of new energy vehicles, otherwise
            it will result in losses of revenue and market shares.



62   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




       By putting in more efforts in promoting carbon management, the Company has been leading environmental friendly
       and sustainable development with “zero-carbonization”. Based on the EU’s PEFCR method and computation used
       in Gabi software modelling to analyze the carbon emissions of the product life cycle, the Company identified critical
       points of product carbon footprint reduction and promoted the coordinated carbon reduction of the whole supply
       chain to meet the demand for carbon reduction of the whole industry chain.

•      Environmental risk
       Extreme weather conditions such as typhoons, extreme rainfall and floods may cause disruptions to the production
       and operation of factories. Should there be any damage in sewage equipment, the treatment capacity of “three
       wastes” of the factory will be undermined, posing a threat against the safety of the surrounding environment. The
       occurrence of drought weather may result in a shortage of clean energy power in the region, giving rise to the
       probability of production and business interruption.

       The Company has formulated documents such as the “Emergency Preparation and Response Control Management
       Procedures” (《應急準備和響應控制管理程序》               ) and “Emergency Management Regulations” (    《應急管理規定》        ), and
       has prepared relevant emergency rescue plans for extreme climate change, such as flood, lightning, cold wave,
       typhoon and high temperature, so as to ensure the continuity of the Company’s business operations under extreme
       conditions. The Company took the initiative to explore the application path of rooftop photovoltaic and ground
       source heat pump, and applied rooftop photovoltaic in both existing and new bases to reduce reliance on external
       electricity.

       For other risks and uncertainties, please refer to the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the key factors relating to the financial position of the Group during the year is set out in the
section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 44 to the consolidated
financial statements.

SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIVIDENDS
The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is not exposed to any significant environmental risks. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not subject to
any fines or other penalties for the non-compliance with environmental protection laws and regulations.

Further details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company are set out in the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Report” which is to be published on the same day with this report.

LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE
The Group may be involved in various legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations in the ordinary course of business
from time to time. Save as disclosed in this report and during the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any
legal proceedings, arbitration or litigation which, in our opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the ordinary
business, financial condition or results of operations and, to our knowledge, there is no risk of any such legal proceedings,
arbitrations or administrative litigations.



                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022      63
     Directors’ Report




     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM LISTING
     The H Shares of the Company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022 (the “Listing
     Date”). The Company issued a total of 265,845,300 ordinary shares of RMB1.00 each at a price of HK$38.00 per share,
     total proceeds from the listing amounted to HK$10,102.12 million under the Global Offering. After deducting the
     underwriting fees, commissions and estimated expenses, the total net proceeds from the listing amounted to approximately
     HK$9,980.10 million. The listing proceeds are and will continue to be utilized in accordance with the plans disclosed in
     the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022 (the
     “Prospectus”), namely:



                                                      Approximate                               Net actual     Net unutilised
                                                       percentage        Net proceeds      utilisation as at             as at    Expected
                                                       of total net    from the listing      31 December        31 December       timeline for balance
      Items                                              proceeds     available for use               2022               2022     of net proceeds
                                                               (%)      (in HK$ million)    (in HK$ million)   (in HK$ million)


     To fund part of the expenditure for the
       construction of new production facilities of
       the Company in Chengdu Phase I Project,
       Wuhan Phase II Project, Hefei Phase I and II
       Project, Guangdong Jiangmen Phase I Project
       and Sichuan Meishan Project, totalling
       95GWh of EV batteries and energy storage
       system production lines                                80.0            7,984.08             3,718.05          4,266.03     By 31 December 2024
     For advanced technologies research and
       development                                            10.0              998.01                 0.00            998.01     By 31 December 2023
     For working capital and general corporate
       purposes                                               10.0              998.01                32.24            965.77     By 31 December 2023


     Total                                                   100.0            9,980.10             3,750.29          6,229.81


     Save as disclosed above, the Group has not utilized any other listing proceeds since the Listing Date and will continue to
     gradually utilize the remaining net proceeds in accordance with the intended use as set out in the Prospectus. The expected
     timetable is based on the Company’s current best estimate of future market conditions and business operations, and will be
     adjusted according to the development of future market conditions and actual business needs.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as of 31 December 2022 are set out in the
     consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 45 to the financial statements, respectively.


     The Group’s reserves available for distribution as at 31 December 2022, calculated in accordance with the applicable laws
     of the PRC, the place of incorporation of the Company, amounted to approximately RMB433,996,000.



64   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note
21 to the financial statements.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of sales amount and purchase amount of the Group’s major customers and suppliers for the year ended 31
December 2022 are as follows:


Sales amount

– The largest customer                              39.5%
– Total of the five largest customers               75.0%


Purchase amount

– The largest supplier                              24.7%
– Total of the five largest suppliers               47.9%


The Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of
the Company’s issued share capital) do not have any interest in any of the abovementioned major suppliers or customers.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
The Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreement in 2022 and no such agreement existed at the end of 2022.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company maintained appropriate liability insurance for Directors and officers of the Company and such permitted
indemnity provision for the benefit of Directors is still in force and continued to be in force for the year ended 31 December
2022. Apart from this, the Company had no other valid permitted indemnity provisions during the Reporting Period and at
the time of approval as at the date of this annual report.


ISSUED DEBENTURE
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue corporate bonds.


DONATION
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group made charitable and other donations totalling RMB6,050,000.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022       65
     Directors’ Report




     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report are:


     Executive Directors
     Ms. Liu Jingyu (chairwoman and president)
     Mr. Dai Ying


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Zhou Sheng
     Mr. Zhang Guoqing
     Mr. Li Yunxiang


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wu Guangquan (appointed on 6 October 2022)
     Mr. Wang Susheng (appointed on 6 October 2022)
     Mr. Chen Zetong (appointed on 6 October 2022)


     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has provided a written confirmation to confirm his independence from
     the Company under Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Upon assessment, the Company considers each of the
     independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


     DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     All of the executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and Supervisors of the Company have entered into
     service contracts or letters of appointment with the Company, respectively. The term of office of each Director is thereafter
     renewed annually by mutual consent, unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ prior
     written notice. In accordance with Article 109 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors shall be elected
     or replaced at the general meetings, with a term of three years. Upon expiry of the term of office, the Directors may be
     re-elected, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed six years (unless the term of office of an
     independent Director is otherwise provided for by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the exchange where the
     Company’s shares are listed).


     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors has entered into any Director’s or Supervisor’s service contract
     with any member of the Group (excluding contracts expiring or determinable by the employer within one year without
     payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation)).




66   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the Directors, the Directors of the Company’s subsidiaries or their respective associates has an interest in any
business which competes or is likely to compete (whether directly or indirectly) with the business of the Company and
its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2022 (except for directors and/or directors of their subsidiaries and their
respective associates).


Continuing Connected Transactions
Details of the Group’s continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


I.     Sales Framework Agreement
       On 6 April 2022, the Company entered into the sales framework agreement (the “Sales Framework Agreement”)
       with CALB USA, the distributor in the USA, pursuant to which the Group will sell EV batteries to CALB USA for
       a term of one year commencing from the date of the Sales Framework Agreement, subject to renewal upon the
       mutual agreement of both parties. The sales prices for EV batteries are determined with reference to the sales price
       to our domestic clients and taking into account of the price premium of the U.S. market. As CALB USA is owned as
       to 40% by Luoyang Company and hence an associate of Jintan Holding, therefore CALB USA is a connected person
       of the Company. The transactions with CALB USA constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company.


       The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB60
       million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB53.69
       million.


II.    Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement
       On 31 December 2021, Luoyang Company entered into the entrusted processing framework agreement with
       the Company (the “Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”), which was amended by a supplemental
       agreement dated 3 March 2022, pursuant to which the Company agrees to entrust Luoyang Company and Luoyang
       Company agrees to provide processing services of EV battery products for civil use and ESS products (collectively
       referred to as “Lithium Batteries”) for the Company for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2022 and
       ending on 31 December 2022, which have been renewed on the extraordinary general meeting dated 18 January
       2023. Luoyang Company will be responsible for the raw materials, front line workers and technicians whose licences
       and qualifications are approved by us and completing the production and processing. The fees to be paid for Lithium
       Batteries are determined with reference to the cost of processing and producing Lithium Batteries and the prevailing
       market price of processing services in the same or proximity areas charged by independent third parties. The Group
       and Luoyang Company will also enter into specific entrusted processing agreement in respect of the detailed terms
       of the processing services. Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 25.54% issued Shares of the
       Company and is one of the substantial shareholders of the Company. Luoyang Company is indirectly owned as to
       51% by Jincheng Technology and Jincheng Technology is wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a substantial shareholder
       of the Company, and hence Luoyang Company is an associate of Jintan Holding and a connected person of the
       Company. Therefore, the transaction with Luoyang Company constitutes continuing connected transactions.


       The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2022 was RMB3,500
       million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB3,486.06
       million.

                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022     67
     Directors’ Report




     III.   The General Contracting Agreements for Construction Projects
            On 15 December 2020, 30 September 2021, 29 April 2021 and 27 August 2021, the members of the Group, as
            the developer and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction as the contractor, entered into certain general contracting
            agreements, respectively, for construction projects including the industrial park of the Company, the laboratory
            building of Jiangsu Research Institute, the newly established EV batteries project of the Company and the production
            and living facilities of the newly established EV batteries project of the Company for a term ranging from 521 days
            to 720 days, pursuant to which, Jiangsu Chengdong Construction will provide the general contracting services for
            design, procurement, and construction for certain industrial parks or buildings of the Group. Jiangsu Chengdong
            Construction is a company owned as to approximately 54.18% by Changzhou Zhongcheng Industrial Co., Ltd.* (常
            州眾成實業發展有限公司), which is wholly owned by Jinsha Investment, being a Substantial Shareholder. Therefore,
            Jiangsu Chengdong Construction is an associate of Jinsha Investment and a connected person of our Company
            and the transactions with Jiangsu Chengdong Construction constitute continuing connected transactions. These
            agreements have been classified as aggregated under the Listing Rules.


            The amount charged by Jiangsu Chengdong Construction under the General Contracting Agreements for
            Construction Projects are determined through bidding procedure with reference to the prices charged by
            independent third parties in the area or nearby areas where similar engineering and construction services are
            provided in the ordinary and usual course business at the relevant time.


            The annual cap for above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the year
            ended 31 December 2023 were RMB617.23 million and RMB357.75 million, respectively. And the actual transaction
            amount for the year ended 31 December 2022 was approximately RMB493.23 million.


     Confirmation of Independent Non-executive Directors
     Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the abovementioned
     continuing connected transactions and, after taking into consideration of factors such as market environment, transaction
     amounts, corporate governance, confirmed that they were entered into by the Group: (i) in the ordinary course of business
     of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
     them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.




68   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




Confirmation of Auditor
The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The auditor has issued a letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the abovementioned
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, and concluded that:


(i)     nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the abovementioned continuing
        connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


(ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
        causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
        policies of the Group;


(iii)   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not carried out, in
        all material respects, in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and


(iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the state details of continuing connected transactions, nothing has
        come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the amounts have exceeded the related annual caps
        for the year ended 31 December 2022.


A copy of the auditor’s letter on the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022
has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.


The related party transactions mentioned in Note 51 to the consolidated financial statements do not constitute connected
transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules except
for those related party transactions between the Group and their connected persons as disclosed above which constituted
connected transaction or continuing connected transactions, and the Company has complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Save as disclosed in this annual report, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions which
are required to be disclosed by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 in accordance with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
which a Director, a Supervisor or any entity in connection with any Director or Supervisor had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022       69
     Directors’ Report




     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     There is no Shareholder of the Company holding more than 30% of the voting rights of the Company.


     PURCHASE, SALE OR REPURCHASE OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities during
     the period from the date of listing to the date of this announcement.


     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     As at 31 December 2022, the total number of employees of the Group was 7,695. Staff costs (including Directors’
     remuneration) of the Group for the year of 2022 amounted to approximately RMB1,237,233,000, and the total
     remuneration of the Group’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management in 2022 amounted to approximately
     RMB65,497,000. The staff costs include basic remuneration, bonuses and employee benefits. The Company strictly abides
     by national regulations and pays social security for employees in full every month. The Company continued to optimize
     and promote the talent incentive scheme, and established a hierarchical and classified incentive system for different
     employee categories. The remuneration of the Company’s employees is based on the remuneration concept of 3P1M
     (person performance position market), which is mainly determined based on factors such as market conditions, position
     value, individual performance and personal ability, and differentiated remuneration structure and remuneration grades are
     determined according to the characteristics of different positions and posts. The Company adopts the A+ABC performance
     management model, and motivates the employees and stimulates their potential to the greatest extent through the
     employees’ promotion and salary adjustment, performance incentives, equity incentives, talent policies and more.


     EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Details of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management are set out in note 18 and note 51 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     FIVE HIGHEST-PAID EMPLOYEES
     Details of the five highest-paid individuals are set out in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.


     NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
     The non-competition agreement dated 2 March 2022 was entered into by each member of Jintan Group in favor of the
     Company (for the Company and as trustee for each of its subsidiaries), as further described under the section headed
     “Relationship with Jintan Group – Non-Competition Agreement” in the Prospectus.


     The Company has received an annual declaration in writing from each member of Jintan Group confirming that it had
     complied with the non-competition undertakings provided to the Company under the non-competition agreement. The
     independent non-executive Directors reviewed the status of compliance and enforcement of the noncompetition agreement
     and confirmed that all the undertakings thereunder have been complied with for the year ended 31 December 2022.


     RELATIONS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     The success of the Group relies on the support of important relations such as employees, suppliers and customers. The
     Company maintains a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers in order to ensure smooth business
     operation.




70   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2022, the long positions and short positions in our Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our
Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) our Directors, Supervisors or chief
executive of our Company have or are taken or deemed to have (a) which shall be notified to us and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to
be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to
the Supervisors) are as follows:


                                                                                                          Percentage of      Percentage of
                                                                                                          shareholdings      shareholdings
 Name of Directors,                                                                                         in respective             in the
 Supervisors or chief                                    Nature of         Class of       Number of        class of share        total share
 executive                            Position            interests    shares held      shares held(1)          capital(2)          capital(3)


 Liu Jingyu                  Executive director Beneficial owner Domestic Shares            1,513,192              0.10%              0.09%
 Dai Ying                    Executive director Beneficial owner Domestic Shares            1,053,968              0.07%              0.06%


Notes:

(1)      All interests above represent long positions.

(2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2022 (i.e.
         1,506,456,558 Domestic Shares and 265,845,300 H Shares).

(3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as
         at 31 December 2022.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of our Company
had or was taken or deemed to have the long positions and short positions in our Shares, underlying Shares or debentures
of our Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (a) which shall be notified to
us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to
section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us
and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted
as if they applied to the Supervisors).




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022         71
     Directors’ Report




     Interests and Short Positions of Major Shareholders and Other Persons in the
     Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
     As at 31 December 2022, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors, Supervisors
     or the chief executive of the Company) had the interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which shall
     be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required to
     pursuant to the section 336 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register:


                                                                                                                        Percentage of
                                                                                                                        shareholdings     Percentage of
                                                                                                                         in respective    shareholdings
                                                                                    Class of             Number of      class of share       in the total
     Name of Shareholder                       Nature of Interests                  shares             shares held(1)        capital(2)   share capital(3)


     Jinsha Investment(7)                      Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   252,130,281(L)       16.74%(L)          14.23%(L)
     Huake Engineering       (7)
                                               Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    98,658,313(L)        6.55%(L)            5.57%(L)
     Huake Investment(7)                       Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares    77,785,163(L)        5.16%(L)            4.39%(L)
     Jintan Hualuogeng       (4)&(7)
                                               Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   176,443,476(L)       11.71%(L)            9.96%(L)
     Jintan Holding(5), (6) & (7)              Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   452,573,757(L)       30.04%(L)          25.54%(L)
     Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment           Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   141,866,141(L)        9.42%(L)            8.00%(L)
        Management Co., Ltd.(8)
     Lihang Jinzhi(8)                          Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   141,866,141(L)        9.42%(L)            8.00%(L)
     Jinyuan Industry(9)                       Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   179,446,576(L)       11.91%(L)          10.13%(L)
     Jinyuan Investment(9)                     Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   253,809,580(L)       16.85%(L)          14.32%(L)
     Chengfei Integration(10)                  Beneficial owner                     Domestic Shares   151,145,867(L)       10.03%(L)            8.53%(L)
     AVIC   (10)
                                               Interest in controlled corporation   Domestic Shares   163,970,995(L)       10.88%(L)            9.25%(L)
     Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd.(11)     Interest in controlled corporation   H SHARES           48,331,900(L)       18.18%(L)            2.73%(L)
     Hua An Fund Management Co., Ltd.,         Interest in controlled corporation   H SHARES           48,331,900(L)       18.18%(L)            2.73%(L)
        representing HUAAN-XJ7-QDII, HUAAN-
        XJ8-QDII, HUAAN-XJ10-QDII and HUAAN-
        XJ12-QDII(11)
     Huatai Securities Co., Ltd(12)            Interest in controlled corporation   H SHARES           35,742,700(L)       13.44%(L)            2.02%(L)
                                                                                                       29,148,000(S)       10.96%(S)            1.64%(S)
     J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC        (13)
                                               Interest in controlled corporation   H SHARES           29,570,100(L)       11.12%(L)            1.67%(L)
                                                                                                        1,260,400(S)        0.47%(S)            0.07%(S)
     HUAAN-XJ8-QDII – SINGLE ASSET             Beneficial owner                     H SHARES           20,449,400(L)        7.69%(L)            1.15%(L)
        MANAGEMENT PLAN(11)
     HUAAN-XJ12-QDII – SINGLE ASSET            Beneficial owner                     H SHARES           20,285,900(L)        7.63%(L)            1.14%(L)
        MANAGEMENT PLAN(11)
     Tianqi Lithium HK Co., Limited            Beneficial owner                     H SHARES           20,217,200(L)        7.60%(L)            1.14%(L)




72   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                                              Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                                                                              shareholdings        Percentage of
                                                                                                                               in respective       shareholdings
                                                                                         Class of           Number of         class of share          in the total
 Name of Shareholder                               Nature of Interests                   shares           shares held   (1)
                                                                                                                                   capital   (2)
                                                                                                                                                   share capital(3)


 JPMorgan Chase & Co.(13)                          Interest in controlled corporation    H SHARES         18,782,900(L)           7.06%(L)               1.06%(L)
                                                                                                             177,900(S)           0.06%(S)               0.01%(S)
                                                                                                              35,500(P)           0.01%(P)               0.00%(P)
 CCB Principal Asset Management Co., Ltd.          Investment manager                    H SHARES         16,696,500(L)           6.28%(L)               0.94%(L)
      (representing CCB Principal Overseas
      Nuggets No. 92 Single Asset Management
      Plan)
 Zijin Mining Group Co. Ltd(14)                    Interest in controlled corporation    H SHARES         16,525,800(L)           6.21%(L)               0.93%(L)
 Gold Mountains (H.K.) International Mining        Beneficial owner                      H SHARES         16,525,800(L)           6.21%(L)               0.93%(L)
      Company Limited    (14)


 Wang Sing International Resources Limited         Beneficial owner                      H SHARES         16,359,500(L)           6.15%(L)               0.92%(L)
 Hefei Beicheng Construction Investment            Beneficial owner                      H SHARES         13,718,100(L)           5.16%(L)               0.77%(L)
      (Group) Company Ltd.


Notes:

(1)           (L), (S) and (P) represent long position, short position and lending pool respectively.

(2)           The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2022 (i.e.
              1,506,456,558 Domestic Shares and 265,845,300 H Shares).

(3)           The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as
              at 31 December 2022.

(4)           Each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Hualuogeng. Jintan Hualuogeng is deemed to be interested in
              the Shares held by each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(5)           Jinsha Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Jintan Hualuogeng is owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding. Jintan Holding is a
              state-owned enterprise and controlled by the Government of Jintan District. Jintan Holding is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
              each of Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(6)           The investment by Jintan International in our Company was made in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding and Jintan
              International exercises its voting rights in our Company in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding.

(7)           Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International, Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding are a group of largest
              Shareholders and directly or indirectly control an aggregate of approximately 25.54% of our Company’s voting rights.

(8)           Lihang Jinzhi is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC with Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd.*
              (廈門鋰航股權投資管理有限公司) being its general partner and Jinyuan Industry being its limited partner. According to the partnership
              agreement of Lihang Jinzhi which provides, among other things, that the investment decision committee of Lihang Jinzhi shall comprise
              three members of which Jinyuan Industry shall be entitled to nominate two members, Jinyuan Industry exercises de facto control of Lihang
              Jinzhi. As such, Jinyuan Industry is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi under the SFO. Jinyuan Industry directly owns
              approximately 2.49% interests in our Company and therefore Jinyuan Industry directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately
              10.12% of our Company’s voting rights.




                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022               73
     Directors’ Report




     (9)    Jinyuan Industry is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jinyuan Investment and as such Jinyuan Investment is deemed to be interested in all
            the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi and Jinyuan Industry under the SFO. Moreover, each of Xiamen Jinli No. 2 and Jinli Investment owns
            approximately 1.59% and 0.85% interests in our Company respectively. Xiamen Jinli No. 2 is a limited partnership with Xiamen City Jinyuan
            Equity Investment Co., Ltd* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) being its general partner. Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd* (廈
            門市金圓股權投資有限公司) is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. Jinli Investment is a limited partnership with Jinyuan Capital
            Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金圓資本管理(廈門)有限公司) being its general partner. Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金
            圓資本管理(廈門)有限公司) is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. As such, Jinyuan Investment is also deemed to be interested in the
            Shares held by each of Xiamen Jinli No.2 and Jinli Investment under the SFO. Jinyuan Investment directly owns approximately 2.49% interests
            in our Company and therefore Jinyuan Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 14.32% of our Company’s
            voting rights.

     (10)   Chengfei Integration is a joint stock limited company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002190) and
            ultimately controlled by AVIC. As such, AVIC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Chengfei Integration under the SFO. Moreover,
            each of Aviation Industry Integration Fund, Missile Academy, Aviation Investment and Hongdu Airline owns approximately 0.80%, 0.65%,
            0.11% and 0.09% interests in our Company respectively, and each of the above companies and partnerships is ultimately controlled by AVIC,
            which is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by such companies and partnerships under the SFO. Therefore, AVIC indirectly
            controls an aggregate of approximately 9.25% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (11)   HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd is the asset manager of (1) HUAAN-XJ7-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN, (2)
            HUAAN-XJ8-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN, (3) HUAAN-XJ10-QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and (4) HUAAN-XJ12 –
            QDII-SINGLE ASSET MANAGEMENT PLAN and is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by abovementioned four assets management
            plans under the SFO. Guotai Junan Securities Co., Ltd. Held 43% of the equity interest in HuaAn Fund Management Co., Ltd and is deemed
            to be interested in the Shares held by HuaAn Fund Management Co. under the SFO.

     (12)   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. held 100% interests in Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited. Huatai International Financial
            Holdings Company Limited held 100% interests in Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited and Huatai Capital Investment Limited.
            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited held 6,594,700 H Shares in long position. Huatai Capital Investment Limited held 29,148,000
            H Shares in long position and 29,148,000 H Shares in short position. Therefore, Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited is
            deemed to be interested in 35,742,700 H Shares in long position and 29,148,000 H Shares in short position and Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. is
            deemed to be interested in 35,742,700 H Shares in long position and 29,148,000 H Shares in short position under the SFO.

     (13)   JPMorgan Chase & Co. held 100% interests in JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association. JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association held
            100% interests in (a) JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. – LONDON BRANCH. JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.– LONDON BRANCH held 35,500
            H Shares in long position; and (b) J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited. J.P. Morgan International Finance Limited held 100% interests in
            J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED. J.P. MORGAN CAPITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED held 100% interests in J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC.
            And J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES PLC held 18,747,400 H Shares in long position and 177,900 H Shares in short position. Therefore, JPMorgan
            Chase & Co. is deemed to be interested in 18,782,900 H Shares in long position, 177,900 H Shares in short position and 35,500 H Shares in
            lending pool under the SFO.

     (14)   Gold Mountains (H.K.) International Mining Company Limited is held as to 100% interests by Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd.. Therefore, Zijin
            Mining Group Co., Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 16,525,800 H Shares in long position under the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
     which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.




74   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association and the laws of the PRC which oblige the
Company to offer pre-emptive rights of new shares to existing shareholders on their shareholding proportion.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Group is not aware of any tax relief and exemption to the holders of any securities of the Company as a result of their
holding of such securities.


PENSION SCHEME
The employees of the subsidiaries in Mainland China are required to participate in a central pension scheme managed
by the local municipal government of the areas in Mainland China. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain
percentage of the relevant part of the payroll of these employees to the central pension scheme. The Group has no
obligation for the payment of retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The contributions are charged to profit
or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


SHARE SCHEME
Summary of Share Scheme

                     2019 Share Incentive Scheme            2020 Share Incentive Scheme                  2021 Share Incentive Scheme


Purpose              To grant share incentives to stimulate To provide an approach for the Company to To provide an approach for our
                     the enthusiasm and creativity of the grant share awards to the key employees so Company to grant share awards to
                     core backbone personnel, enhance as to stimulate their enthusiasm and creativity, the key employees so as to stimulate
                     their sense of responsibility and      enhance the sense of responsibility and      their enthusiasm and creativity,
                     mission of achieving the Company’s     mission of the key employees to realize long- enhance the sense of responsibility
                     long-term sustainable and healthy      term sustainable and healthy development of and mission of the key employees
                     development, and ensure the            our Company, and ensure the realization of to realize long-term sustainable and
                     realization of the Company’s strategic the Company’s strategic goals.               healthy development of our Company,
                     goals.                                                                              and ensure the realization of our
                                                                                                         Company’s strategic goals.


Participants          The participants of the equity shares Eligible participants of the 2020 Share Eligible participants of the 2021 Share
                      are the Company’s core senior         Incentive Scheme shall include senior        Incentive Scheme shall include senior
                      executives who have a key role in the management, middle management, key management, middle management,
                      Company’s overall performance to      technical personnel and key business         key technical personnel and key
                      medium to long-term development.      personnel (excluding independent Directors   business personnel (excluding
                                                            and supervisors) who have entered into       independent Directors and supervisors)
                                                            employment contracts with our Company and who have entered into employment
                                                            whose latest performance evaluation results contracts with our Company and
                                                            are qualified.                               whose latest performance evaluation
                                                                                                         results are qualified.




                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022          75
     Directors’ Report




                             2019 Share Incentive Scheme             2020 Share Incentive Scheme                    2021 Share Incentive Scheme


     Maximum individual      Not to exceed 1% of the Company’s       Not to exceed 1% of the Company’s issued Not to exceed 1% of the Company’s
       entitlement of a      issued Shares on the date of adoption Shares on the date of adoption of the 2020 issued Shares on the date of adoption
       participant           of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme.     Share Incentive Scheme.                        of the 2021 Share Incentive Scheme


     Lock-up period(1)       Five years.                             Five years                                     Five years.


     Amount payable          The price paid by the shareholders of RMB1.0293 per share                              RMB41.67 per share
       for acceptance of     Xiamen Lihang Equity for subscribing
       awards                for the incentive shares was the same
                             as the price at which Lihang Jinzhi
                             subscribed for the Company’s new
                             registered capital on 29 July 2019.


     Incentive Shares        The number of incentive Shares          The number of incentive shares granted by      The number of incentive shares
       Granted               granted by our Company to our our Company to our Directors and senior                  granted the participants (all
                             Directors and members of the senior management of our Company and the total employees, not being our Directors
                             management of our Company under number of incentive shares granted to other or senior management of our Group)
                             the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme         participants under the 2020 Share Incentive    under the 2021 Share Incentive
                             were a total of 939,512 Shares,         Scheme is 6,103,389 Shares and 13,143,508 Scheme by our Company is 8,642,400
                             representing 0.05% of the issued        Shares, representing 0.34% and 0.74% of the Shares, representing 0.49% of the
                             Share capital of the Company            issued Shares of the Company, respectively.    issued Share of the Company.


     Basis of                The price was determined with The price of the incentive shares under the As agreed by all parties, and mainly
       Determination of      reference to the higher of the          2020 Share Incentive Scheme was determined based on the appraisal result issued
       Purchase Price        Company’s net asset value as of after taking into consideration of the following by the asset appraisal agency and filed
                             30 June 2018 or 30 June 2019 as         factors (whichever is higher):                 with state-owned assets authorities,
                             valued by a third party valuer, the                                                    the price of the incentive shares
                             reports of which were filed with the (1)      at the time when Jinyuan Industry granted under the 2021 Share
                             State-owned Assets Supervision and            subscribed for the increased registered Incentive Scheme was RMB41.67/
                             Administration Department.                    capital of the Company (hereinafter Share, which was the same as the
                                                                           referred to as the “Previous Capital price of the strategic investors’ capital
                                                                           Increase”), the assessed value of increase introduced by the Company
                                                                           our Company was RMB6.397 billion         in the same period.
                                                                           (the corresponding price of capital
                                                                           increase was RMB1.0003/Share). As of
                                                                           31 August 2020, the price of capital
                                                                           increase was revised according to the
                                                                           premium of 4.35% annual interest
                                                                           rate, and the calculation method is as
                                                                           follows: the price of capital increase
                                                                           = the price of the Previous Capital
                                                                           Increase + (the price of the Previous
                                                                           Capital Increase × (4.35%÷12) ×8),
                                                                           and the price of capital increase was
                                                                           RMB1.0293/Share; and

76   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




                     2019 Share Incentive Scheme            2020 Share Incentive Scheme                      2021 Share Incentive Scheme


                                                            (2)   the assessed value of our Company
                                                                  as of 31 December 2019 as valued
                                                                  by an independent third party valuer
                                                                  was RMB6.51478 billion which has
                                                                  not taken into account the amount
                                                                  of the Previous Capital Increase and
                                                                  as such, the corresponding price was
                                                                  RMB1.0185/Share. If the amount of
                                                                  RMB600 million of the Previous Capital
                                                                  Increase and the registered capital of
                                                                  our Company after the capital increase
                                                                  (i.e. RMB6.99655 billion) was taken into
                                                                  account, the corresponding price would
                                                                  be RMB1.0169/Share.


Remaining validity   N/A                                    N/A                                              N/A
  period of the
  scheme


                     The terms of the 2019 Share Incentive The terms of the 2020 Share Incentive Scheme The terms of the 2021 Share Incentive
                     Scheme are not subject to the          are not subject to the provisions of Chapter Scheme are not subject to the
                     provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing 17 of the Listing Rules as the 2020 Share       provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
                     Rules as the 2019 Share Incentive Incentive Scheme does not involve share Rules as the 2021 Share Incentive
                     Scheme does not involve share          options granted by our Company after Listing. Scheme does not involve share
                     options granted by our Company after Given that the shares under the 2020 Share options granted by the Company after
                     Listing. Given that the Shares under Incentive Scheme have been issued, there will Listing. Given that the shares under
                     the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have   be no dilutive effect on the shares outstanding the 2021 Share Incentive Scheme have
                     been issued, there will be no dilutive upon vesting of the awards under the 2020 been issued, there will be no dilutive
                     effect on the Shares outstanding       Share Incentive Scheme. No further awards        effect on the shares outstanding
                     upon vesting of the awards under       under the 2020 Share Incentive Scheme will upon vesting of the awards under
                     the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme. No be granted by the Company after Listing.            the 2021 Share Incentive Scheme. No
                     further awards under the 2019 Share                                                     further awards under the 2021 Share
                     Incentive Scheme will be granted by                                                     Incentive Scheme will be granted by
                     the Company after Listing.                                                              the Company after Listing.




                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022            77
     Directors’ Report




     Description:

     (1)         Participants do not directly obtain equity through Share Incentive Scheme, but indirectly hold the corresponding incentive shares through the
                 shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore, the vesting period is not applicable to such Share Incentive Scheme. Pursuant to the scheme
                 provisions of the respective share incentive, the PRC Company Law and the Articles of Association, and the rules and regulations of the
                 jurisdictions where the shares of the Company are listed regarding the lock-up period, the incentive shares held by the incentive recipients
                 (including the interests in the partnership directly held and the shares of the Company held indirectly), except in special circumstances, shall
                 not be transferred or sold within 5 years in principle.

     (2)         For further information, please refer to the section “Appendix VI – Statutory and General Information” in the Prospectus of the Company.


     The changes of shares granted under the 2020 Equity Incentive Scheme during the Reporting Period are set out below:


                                                         Number of                                                                        Number
                                                         shares not                                                                      of shares
                                                        yet granted                                                                      involved
                                                               as at       Granted          Vested       Cancelled         Lapsed            as at
      Category of                                         1 January      during the     during the      during the      during the   31 December      Lock-up
      Grantees                    Grant date                   2022          year(1)         year(2)          year            year           2022     period(3)

      Ms. Liu Jingyu
           (executive Director)   21 February 2022           60,000          60,000         60,000                –              –               0    Five years
      Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang
           (senior management)    11 August 2022              9,130           9,130           9,130               –              –               0    Five years
      Mr. Xie Qiu
           (senior management)    17 August 2022             11,060          11,060         11,060                –              –               0    Five years
      Mr. Xie Qiu
           (senior management)    23 August 2022             42,782          42,782         42,782                –              –               0    Five years


     Description:

     (1)         As the 2020 Share Scheme is not a share-based payment, the participants indirectly hold the corresponding incentive shares through the
                 shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore the shares granted under the 2020 Share Scheme will not be included in the form of
                 compensation. The fair value of the shares at the date of sale and the accounting standards and policies adopted are not available. The price
                 paid by the participants for subscribing for incentive shares under the 2020 Share Incentive Scheme was RMB41.67 per share. In November
                 2020, the Company implemented equity incentives at subscription price of RMB1.0293 per share. In October 2021, the Company was
                 converted from a limited liability company into a joint stock limited company, with the registered capital being reduced to RMB1,200,000,000
                 from RMB12,768,773,097. In November 2021, the Company brought in strategic investors, and the price of capital injection was RMB41.67
                 per share, which was based on the latest evaluation report and determined through negotiation between all parties. Therefore, in February
                 and August 2022, when the relevant personnel took over the shares, the price was in line with the latest price of capital injection, which was
                 RMB41.67 per share.

     (2)         The shares involved in the 2022 Share Incentive Scheme are unlisted domestic shares of the Company with no reference to the closing price.

     (3)         The participant may exercise the award from the date on which the incentive shares are granted to him/her. Therefore, there is no
                 performance goals for the participants. Participants do not directly obtain equity through Share Incentive Scheme, but indirectly hold the
                 corresponding incentive shares through the shareholding platform’s LP shares and therefore, the vesting period is not applicable to such
                 Share Incentive Scheme. Pursuant to the scheme provisions of the respective share incentive, the PRC Company Law and the Articles of
                 Association, and the rules and regulations of the jurisdictions where the shares of the Company are listed regarding the lock-up period, the
                 incentive shares held by the incentive recipients (including the interests in the partnership directly held and the shares of the Company held
                 indirectly), except in special circumstances, shall not be transferred or sold within 5 years in principle.




78   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




Save as disclosed in this report, at the beginning of the financial year, there were no incentive share outstanding or not
vested of any of the Directors, the five highest paid individuals and other employees as beneficiaries during the Reporting
Period. Save as disclosed in this report, in the current financial year, there were no incentive share granted to any of the
Directors, the five highest paid individuals and the other employees during the Reporting Period. Save as disclosed in this
report, at the end of the financial year, there were no incentive share outstanding or not vested of any of the Directors, the
five highest paid individuals or other employees as beneficiaries during the Reporting Period.


During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company did not issue shares pursuant to any Share Incentive Scheme and
did not vest any shares pursuant to the 2019 Share Option Scheme and the 2021 Share Scheme.


PUBLIC FLOAT
The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rule 8.08(1)(a) of
the Listing Rules, provided that the minimum public float of the Company shall be the highest of: (1) approximately 13.08%
of the total issued share capital of the Company; (2) the percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately following
the completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. Based on the information publicly
available to the Company as of the Latest Practicable Date and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Directors
confirm that the Company has maintained the aforementioned minimum public float as required by the Stock Exchange
since the Listing Date and up to this reporting date.


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
In addition to the events partially disclosed in the “Management Discussion and Analysis – Contingent Liabilities” of this
annual report regarding the Patent I and Patent IV occurred in February 2023, after due and careful consideration, our
Directors confirm that, there has not been any material adverse change in financial or trading position or prospects of the
Company since 31 December 2022, and there has been no event since 31 December 2022 and up to this report date which
would materially affect the information set out in the audit’s report.


AUDITOR
For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s domestic auditors were performed by RSM China, and the international
auditors were performed by RSM Hong Kong. The financial statements set out in this annual report have been audited by
RSM Hong Kong. There has been no change in auditor of the Group since the Listing Date.




For and on behalf of the Board
CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
Liu Jingyu
Chairwoman and president


Changzhou, the PRC
28 March 2023


                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022       79
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
     CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     (A joint stock limited company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability)


     Opinion
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CALB Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
     “Group”) set out on pages 86 to 219, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
     2022, and consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
     in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
     statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
     Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
     then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
     Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance.


     Basis for Opinion
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
     in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
     we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
     obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     Key Audit Matters
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
     opinion on these matters. The key audit matters we identified are:


     1.     Revenue Recognition


     2.     Assessment of Provisions and Disclosure for Litigation Claims


     3.     Valuation of allowance for inventories




80   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Revenue Recognition


Refer to note 5(w) and note 9 to the consolidated financial   Our audit procedures in relation to the recognition of
statements                                                    revenue included the following:


The Group’s revenue is principally generated from sales of    •      Understanding and assessing the design,
EV batteries, ESS products and other related goods. During           implementation and operating effectiveness of
the year, the Group has recorded revenue of approximately            the key internal controls over the Group’s systems
RMB20,375 million which is approximately 3 times of prior            which govern revenue recognition;
year.
                                                              •      Inspecting sales contracts with major customers to
Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control               understand and assess the terms and conditions
of the goods has transferred, being when the goods                   therein which may affect the recognition of
have been shipped to the customer’s specific location.               revenue;
The Group’s accounting system generally records
sales transactions when the goods leave the Group’s           •      Testing revenue recorded on sample basis covering
warehouses. Accordingly, there is a risk that revenue is             different business locations and customers, by
recognised for sales of individual products before the               examining the relevant supporting documents
control of the same have passed to the customer.                     including sales orders, sales contract, goods delivery
                                                                     notes with customer’s acceptance, sales invoices
We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter              and credit notes issued subsequently;
because revenue is one of the key performance indicators
of the Group and because there is an inherent risk that       •      Comparing sales transactions recorded just before
revenue could be recorded in an incorrect period or could            and after the year end with the underlying goods
be subject to manipulation in order to achieve financial             delivery notes to assess if the related revenue had
targets and expectations.                                            been recognised in the appropriate accounting
                                                                     period;


                                                              •      Examining the numeric sequence of goods delivery
                                                                     notes before and after year end and investigating
                                                                     any apparent abnormalities;


                                                              •      Checking to inventories and sales records
                                                                     subsequent to the year end for any significant sales
                                                                     returns that occurred after the reporting period;
                                                                     and


                                                              •      Scrutinizing all manual journal entries relating
                                                                     to revenue which were raised during the year,
                                                                     enquiring of management the reasons for
                                                                     such adjustments and inspecting underlying
                                                                     documentation on a sample basis.


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022      81
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Assessment of Provisions and Disclosure for Litigation
      Claims


      Refer to note 39 and note 48(b) to the consolidated           Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s litigation
      financial statements                                          provisions and disclosures included the following:


      Provisions are made for litigation and claims of the Group.   •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
      The amount recorded at 31 December 2022, which                       by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
      represented management’s best estimates of the amounts               and level of other inherent risk factors including
      likely to be required to settle these matters, totalled              subjectivity;
      RMB8.64 million.
                                                                    •      Understanding and evaluating key internal controls
      In determining whether provision for these legal claims              over the Group’s process for assessment of
      in dispute is appropriate, management needs to exercise              provisions and disclosure for litigation claims;
      significant judgement, with reference to legal advice
      given by the Group’s legal counsel, about the estimation      •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
      of probability that an outflow of resources embodying                of provisions and disclosure for litigation claims to
      economic benefits will be required for settling the                  assess effectiveness of the Group’s processes for
      obligation and an estimation of the amount of the                    estimation and disclosure;
      obligation which can be measured reliably at the end of
      the reporting period.                                         •      Discussing significant litigation and claims with the
                                                                           Group’s internal legal counsel;
      We identified the assessment of provisions for litigation
      and claims as a key audit matter because the estimates        •      Reviewing legal opinions of the Group’s external
      on which these provisions are based involve a significant            legal advisors including their views regarding the
      degree of management judgement and because                           likely outcome and magnitude of and exposure to
      determining the level of provisions may be subject to a              the relevant litigation and claims; and
      degree of management bias.
                                                                    •      Assessing the adequacy of the provision for
                                                                           litigation claims by evaluating management’s
                                                                           assessment regarding the nature and status of
                                                                           material litigations and other relevant factors.




82   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




 Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Valuation of allowance for inventories


 Refer to note 5(j) and note 27 to the consolidated financial      Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s inventories
 statements                                                        included the following:


 As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of                    •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
 inventories is approximately RMB11,822 million and                       by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
 allowance for inventories of approximately RMB268 million                and level of other inherent risk factors including
 was charged to profit or loss during the year.                           subjectivity;


 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net               •      Understanding and evaluating management’s key
 realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling          controls over the assessment of the net realisable
 price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated             value of inventories and related loss allowances
 costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to                 including periodic review on inventories;
 make the sale.
                                                                   •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
 We identified the valuation of allowance for inventories as              of net realisable value of inventories to assess the
 a key audit matter because the inherent risk in relation to              effectiveness of management’s estimation process;
 the assessment of the net realisable value of inventories is
 considered significant as the assessment of net realisable        •      Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness
 value involves significant estimates and judgements which                of the methods and estimations used in net
 were subjective.                                                         realisable value of inventories; and


                                                                   •      Comparing the carrying value of inventories to
                                                                          actual prices for sales transactions subsequent to
                                                                          the end of the reporting period, on a sample basis.



Other Information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in
the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022    83
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
     Statements
     The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
     accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
     such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
     that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
     as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
     accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
     but to do so.


     The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
     process.


     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
     from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
     report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
     liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
     will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
     taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:


     •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
            or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
            and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
            fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
            misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.


     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
            disclosures made by the directors.




84   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report




•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
       audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
       Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
       within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
       direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Wong Wo Cheung.




RSM Hong Kong
Certified Public Accountants
29th Floor, Lee Garden Two
28 Yun Ping Rood
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong
28 March 2023




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022   85
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                     2022               2021
                                                                        Note      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                               (Re-presented)

     Revenue                                                             9       20,374,942         6,817,115
     Cost of sales                                                              (18,271,422)       (6,306,165)

     Gross profit                                                                2,103,520           510,950
     Investment and other income                                         10        191,430           176,247
     Government grants and subsidies                                     11         17,419            80,317
     Other losses, net                                                   12        (62,872)          (89,541)
     Selling expenses                                                             (288,264)         (149,167)
     Administrative expenses                                                      (590,974)         (334,419)
     Research and development expenses                                            (664,758)         (222,523)
     Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                   47(a)            –           347,240
     Impairment loss on investment in associates                         26              –          (178,700)
     Reversal of impairment losses/(impairment losses)
       on trade and bills receivables                                    28           9,315           (26,600)
     Impairment losses on prepayments, deposits and other receivables    29          (3,157)             (682)

     Profit from operations                                                        711,659           113,122
     Finance costs                                                       14        (65,217)          (24,975)
     Share of losses of associates                                                    (815)          (24,714)

     Profit before tax                                                             645,627            63,433
     Income tax credit                                                   15         47,910            48,107

     Profit for the year                                                 16        693,537           111,540


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                         691,626           140,029
     Non-controlling interests                                                       1,911           (28,489)

                                                                                   693,537           111,540


     Earnings per share                                                  20
     Basic (RMB per share)                                                          0.4408            0.1128


     Diluted (RMB per share)                                                        0.4408            0.1128




86   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                   Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                     (Re-presented)


Profit for the year                                                      693,537             111,540


Other comprehensive income/(expense):
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)                                   (120,654)                    –


Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                     (7,640)                (13)
Share of other comprehensive expense of associates                               –               (165)
Share of other comprehensive expense of associates reclassified to
  profit and loss upon disposal of associates                                 503                    –


Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year, net of tax           (127,791)                (178)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                  565,746             111,362


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                    563,835             139,893
Non-controlling interests                                                  1,911             (28,531)


                                                                         565,746             111,362




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        87
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                   2022             2021
                                                                      Note     RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                           (Re-presented)


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                     21     45,527,632      15,172,539
     Right-of-use assets                                               22      1,618,177         643,374
     Intangible assets                                                 24      1,373,277       1,075,007
     Investments in associates                                         26        16,351        1,104,966
     Other financial assets                                            31       670,565                 –
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment    29      3,312,789       1,675,984
     Deferred tax assets                                               40       582,380          362,537


                                                                              53,101,171      20,034,407


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                       27     11,821,947       1,756,784
     Trade and bills receivables                                       28      5,335,457       2,714,704
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       29      6,149,868       1,645,749
     Amounts due from related parties                                  30       952,154        1,924,932
     Other financial assets                                            31       177,090        6,182,575
     Current tax assets                                                            6,036                –
     Pledged bank deposits                                            32(a)    1,984,783       1,251,564
     Restricted bank balances                                         32(b)         298              252
     Bank and cash balances                                           32(c)   10,931,814       3,109,518


                                                                              37,359,447      18,586,078


     Current liabilities
     Trade and bills payables                                          33     21,646,762       6,316,866
     Accruals and other payables                                       34      7,090,209       2,118,779
     Contract liabilities                                              35       490,532          106,918
     Amounts due to related parties                                    30       471,652           22,864
     Lease liabilities                                                 37        23,969           11,042
     Bank borrowings                                                   38      2,479,634           3,647
     Provisions                                                        39       508,826          136,396
     Financial guarantees                                              41              –          12,354
     Put option liabilities                                            42              –         941,132
     Current tax liabilities                                                     63,367          220,352


                                                                              32,774,951       9,890,350


     Net current assets                                                        4,584,496       8,695,728


     Total assets less current liabilities                                    57,685,667      28,730,135


88   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                            Note            RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Re-presented)


Non-current liabilities
Deferred income                                                              36               679,250             835,145
Lease liabilities                                                            37                92,448              15,709
Bank borrowings                                                              38           15,227,842            2,887,000
Deferred tax liabilities                                                     40               110,668                6,157


                                                                                          16,110,208            3,744,011


NET ASSETS                                                                                41,575,459          24,986,124


Capital and reserves
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital/Paid-in capital                                                44             1,772,302           1,506,457
Reserves                                                                     46           32,607,016          22,655,437


                                                                                          34,379,318          24,161,894


Non-controlling interests                                                                   7,196,141             824,230


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                              41,575,459          24,986,124



Approved by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                            LIU Jingyu                                                 DAI Ying




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        89
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                   Share                                  Safety Contribution                                                                                  Non-
                                                 capital/     Capital     Merger      production           from      Exchange            Other    Put option Accumulated                 controlling      Total
                                           Paid-in capital    reserve     reserve           fund     shareholder       reserve          reserve     reserve        losses       Total      interests     equity
                                                               (note        (note          (note           (note         (note           (note
                                               (note 44)     46(b)(i))   46(b)(ii))    46(b)(iii))     46(b)(iv))     46(b)(v))    46(b)(vi))
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


     At 1 January 2021                        12,768,773     138,621        8,058            946          29,065             –            (380)           –      (779,039) 12,166,044       442,577 12,608,621


     Total comprehensive income
         for the year                                   –           –            –              –              –           (13)           (123)           –      140,029     139,893        (28,531)   111,362
     Acquisition of additional interests
         in a subsidiary                                –      (5,738)           –              –              –             –                –           –            –       (5,738)      (16,780)    (22,518)
     Converted into a joint stock
         company with limited liability
         (note 44(ii))                       (11,568,773) 11,188,346             –             (7)             –             –               –            –      380,434            –             –           –
     Proceeds from paid-in capital
         (note 44 (iii))                         288,000 11,702,000              –              –              –             –               –            –            – 11,990,000               – 11,990,000
     Increase shareholding of
         an associate *                           18,457     750,567             –              –              –             –               –            –            –     769,024              –    769,024
     Capital contribution from
         non-controlling shareholders                   –           –            –              –              –             –               –            –            –            –       828,000    828,000
     Disposal of subsidiaries                           –           –            –              –              –             –               –            –            –            –      (401,036)   (401,036)
     Issue of puttable equity (note 42)                 –           –            –              –              –             –               –     (926,620)           –     (926,620)            –    (926,620)
     Share-based payments (note 43)                     –           –            –              –         29,284             –               –            –            –       29,284             –     29,284
     Safety production fond                             –           –            –          (920)              –             –               –            –          927            7             –           7


     Changes in equity for the year         (112,262,316) 23,635,175             –          (927)         29,284           (13)           (123)    (926,620)     521,390 11,995,850         381,653 12,377,503


     At 31 December 2021                       1,506,457 23,773,796         8,058              19         58,349           (13)           (503)    (926,620)     (257,649) 24,161,894       824,230 24,986,124


     *              Shares of the Company were issued for acquiring 25.63% equity interest of 中航鋰電 (洛陽)有限公司 (“Luoyang Company”) from Luoyang
                    Company Minority Shareholders. After the acquisition, the Company holds 49% equity interest of Luoyang Company.




90   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company
                                 Share                                                                                                  Financial (Accumulated
                               capital/                                Safety Contribution                                               assets at      losses)/                     Non-
                                Paid-in     Capital     Merger production               from     Exchange       Other Put option          FVTOCI       retained                controlling       Total
                                capital     reserve     reserve          fund     shareholder     reserve      reserve       reserve      reserve      earnings        Total     interests      equity
                                             (note        (note         (note           (note       (note        (note                      (note
                              (note 44)    46(b)(i))   46(b)(ii))   46(b)(iii))     46(b)(iv))   46(b)(v))   46(b)(vi))                 46(b)(vii))
                              RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


At 1 January 2022             1,506,457 23,773,796        8,058             19        58,349          (13)        (503)     (926,620)            –     (257,649) 24,161,894       824,230 24,986,124


Total comprehensive
  income for the year                –            –            –             –              –      (7,640)         503             –     (120,654)     691,626      563,835         1,911     565,746
Capital contribution from
  non-controlling
  shareholders                       –            –            –             –              –           –            –             –             –            –            –    6,370,000    6,370,000
Issue of puttable equity
  (note 42)                          –            –            –             –              –           –            – (5,365,847)               –            – (5,365,847)             – (5,365,847)
Transferred from put option
  liabilities (note 42)              –            –            –             –              –           –            –     6,031,310             –            –    6,031,310            –    6,031,310
Share-based payments
  (note 43)                          –            –            –             –        40,631            –            –             –             –            –      40,631             –      40,631
Issuance of ordinary shares
  upon initial public
  offering (note 44(i))        265,845    8,681,650            –             –              –           –            –             –             –            –    8,947,495            –    8,947,495
Safety production fund               –            –            –           (19)             –           –            –             –             –           19            –            –            –


Changes in equity
  for the period               265,845    8,681,650            –           (19)       40,631       (7,640)         503      665,463      (120,654)     691,645 10,217,424       6,371,911 16,589,335


At 31 December 2022           1,772,302 32,455,446        8,058              –        98,980       (7,653)           –      (261,157)    (120,654)     433,996 34,379,318       7,196,141 41,575,459




                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022                 91
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                2022              2021
                                                                     Note    RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                         (Re-presented)


     CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Profit before tax                                                       645,627            63,433
     Adjustments for:
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    21     770,372          420,609
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              22      52,310            20,461
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                24     137,620            83,431
     Equity-settled share-based payments                              43      40,631            29,284
     Share of losses of associates                                               815            24,714
     Impairment losses on intangible assets                           12            –               15
     Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                47(a)          –         (347,240)
     Loss on disposal of associates                                   12         503                 –
     Impairment losses on investments in associates                   26            –         178,700
     Allowance for inventories                                        12     268,006            90,088
     (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses
        on trade and bills receivables, net                           28       (9,315)          26,600
     Impairment losses on other receivables, net                      29        3,157              682
     Net (gain)/loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment    12         (616)              25
     Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                   12      38,281           (13,705)
     Fair value change in financial guarantees                        12      (12,354)          (1,755)
     Fair value change in put option liabilities                      12     (275,669)          14,512
     Net loss on lease modification                                   12        1,132                –
     Net foreign exchange losses                                      12      43,589                 –
     Interest income                                                  10     (184,243)        (172,266)
     Finance costs                                                    14      65,217            24,975




92   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                   Note       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                            (Re-presented)


Operating profit before working capital changes                              1,585,063             442,563
Increase in inventories                                                    (10,333,169)         (1,963,637)
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                     (2,611,438)         (2,088,450)
Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                     (4,498,787)         (1,150,132)
Decrease in amount due from an associate                                               –           612,871
Increase in amount due from a subsidiary of shareholders                         (6,605)                   –
Increase in pledged bank deposits                                             (878,981)                    –
Increase in amounts due to subsidiaries of shareholders                        448,808                3,942
Decrease in amount due to a shareholder                                             (20)           (24,398)
Increase in amount due to an associate                                                 –           (74,796)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                       15,329,896            4,499,822
Increase in accruals and other payables                                      3,189,853           1,297,810
Increase in provisions                                                         372,430             111,337
Increase in contract liabilities                                               383,614              90,975
Decrease in deferred income                                                   (655,895)           (168,082)


Cash generated from operations                                               2,324,769           1,589,825
Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                           (4,381)                (21)
Income tax (paid)/refund                                                      (211,334)                 302


Net cash generated from operating activities                                 2,109,054           1,590,106




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022        93
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                      Note       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                             (Re-presented)


     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                                           184,243          172,266
     Disposal of subsidiaries                                         47(a)      979,200           (24,355)
     Disposal of associates                                                    1,087,800                 –
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment            (1,636,805)      (1,269,718)
     Payment of property, plant and equipment                                 (28,646,478)      (8,850,827)
     Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                     39,737          110,262
     Received government grants in relation to assets                             44,765             3,288
     Payment of right-of-use assets                                              (920,862)        (267,869)
     Addition of intangible assets                                               (421,975)        (527,597)
     Purchase of other financial assets                                        (3,735,000)     (17,485,000)
     Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                          9,790,000       13,930,000
     Purchase of shares of listed equity securities                              (435,505)               –
     Investment in limited partnership and limited partnership fund              (471,088)               –
     Decrease in amount due from a joint venture                                        –              351
     Decrease in amounts due from a subsidiary of a shareholder                         –            1,838
     Decrease in amount due from a shareholder                                       183                 –
     Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                                145,762          (786,569)
     Capital contribution to associate                                                  –          (17,400)
     Increase in restricted hank balances                                             (46)               –


     Net cash used in investing activities                                    (23,996,069)     (15,011,330)




94   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




                                                                             2022                2021
                                                              Note       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                       (Re-presented)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net proceeds from bank borrowings                                     14,816,829            2,371,586
Payment of other loans                                                            –          (241,546)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                          –           (22,518)
Principal elements of lease payments                                      (18,027)                (222)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                     6,370,000             828,000
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                           8,947,495         11,990,000
Interest paid                                                            (355,737)            (87,836)


Net cash generated from financing activities                          29,760,560          14,837,464


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                               7,873,545           1,416,240


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                          3,109,518           1,693,284


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                   (51,249)                   (6)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                              10,931,814            3,109,518


ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Bank and cash balance                                          32     10,931,814            3,109,518




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     1.      General information
             CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司) (formerly known as CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電（江
             蘇）有限公司), CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電科技有限公司), CALB Technology Holding Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰
             電科技股份有限公司) and CALB Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技股份有限公司)) is a joint stock limited company registered
             in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Company’s H shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of
             Hong Kong Limited since 6 October 2022. The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is
             No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


             The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
             ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below.


                                                 Principal country
                                                 of operation/
                                                 Country of                                       Percentage of equity
                                                 incorporation/         Registered     Paid-up        attributable
             Name                                Kind of legal entity      capital     amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                                    Direct      Indirect


             中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,500      RMB7,500       100%            N/A   Research and
               CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*           liability company        million     million                              development,
               (”Jiangsu Company”)                                                                                           production and sales
                                                                                                                             of EV battery and
                                                                                                                             ESS products


             中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司                   PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB1,000      RMB1,000       100%            N/A   Research and
               CALB Technology Co., Ltd.*          liability company        million     million                              development of
               (”Jiangsu Research Institute”)                                                                                EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                             products


             中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司                     PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB5,000       100%            N/A   Research and
               CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.*,           liability company        million     million                              development,
               formerly known as                                                                                             production and sales
               中航鋰電(廈門)科技有限公司                                                                                                of EV battery and
               (”Xiamen Company”)                                                                                            ESS products


             中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)                      PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB100       RMB100        100%            N/A   Research and
               有限公司 CALB Technology                liability company        million     million                              development of
               (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*,                                                                                        EV battery and ESS
               formerly known as                                                                                             products
               凱博能源先進技術研究
               (深圳)有限責任公司
               (”Shenzhen Research Institute”)



96   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   General information (continued)
     The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
     ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below. (continued)


                                       Principal country
                                       of operation/
                                       Country of                                       Percentage of equity
                                       incorporation/         Registered     Paid-up        attributable
     Name                              Kind of legal entity      capital     amount       to the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                          Direct      Indirect


     中創新航科技(成都)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB3,053        51%            N/A    Research and
       CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.*,        liability company        million     million                               development,
       formerly known as                                                                                            production and sales
       凱博能源科技(成都)有限公司                                                                                               of EV battery and
       (”Chengdu Company”)                                                                                          ESS products


     中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,000      RMB3,153        51%            N/A    Research and
       CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*,          liability company        million     million                               development,
       formerly known as                                                                                            production and sales
       凱博能源科技(武漢)有限公司                                                                                               of EV battery and
       (”Wuhan Company”)                                                                                            ESS products


     中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB2,920        20%            N/A    Research and
       CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.*,          liability company        million     million                               development,
       formerly known as                                                                                            production and sales
       凱博能源科技(合肥)有限公司                                                                                               of EV battery and
       (”Hefei Company”)                                                                                            ESS products


     中創新航科技(福建)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB2,500      RMB2,141        51%            N/A    Research and
       CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*          liability company        million     million                               development,
       (”Fujian Company”)                                                                                           production and sales
                                                                                                                    of EV battery and
                                                                                                                    ESS products


     中創新航科技(江門)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB2,165        51%            N/A    Research and
       CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.*        liability company        million     million                               development,
       (”Jiangmen Company”)                                                                                         production and sales
                                                                                                                    of EV battery and
                                                                                                                    ESS products




                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2022




     1.      General information (continued)
             The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
             ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below. (continued)


                                                    Principal country
                                                    of operation/
                                                    Country of                                        Percentage of equity
                                                    incorporation/         Registered      Paid-up        attributable
             Name                                   Kind of legal entity      capital      amount       to the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                        Direct      Indirect


             中創新航科技(四川)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB1,008         51%             N/A   Research and
               CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*              liability company        million      million                               development,
               (”Sichuan Company”)                                                                                                production and sales
                                                                                                                                  of EV battery and
                                                                                                                                  ESS products


             中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司                       PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB600        RMB450        100%             N/A   Research and
               CALB Material (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*     liability company        million      million                               development,
               (”Materials Company”)                                                                                              production and
                                                                                                                                  sales of EV battery
                                                                                                                                  materials


             立鼎化學材料科技(江蘇)有限公司                       PRC/PRC/Limited          HK$850        HK$560          N/A           100%   Research and
               Liding Chemical Materials              liability company        million      million                               development of new
               Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*                                                                                    material technology
               (”Liding Chemical”)                                                                                                and sales of battery


             CALB GmbH                              Germany/Germany/       EUR25,000     EUR25,000       100%             N/A   Research and
                                                      Limited liability                                                           development,
                                                      company                                                                     production and sales
                                                                                                                                  of EV battery and
                                                                                                                                  ESS products


             CALB (HK) Co., Limited                 PRC/Hong Kong/         USD50,000     USD50,000       100%             N/A   Investment holding and
                                                      Limited liability                                                           sales of EV battery
                                                      company                                                                     and ESS products




98   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




1.   General information (continued)
     The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
     ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below. (continued)


                                            Principal country
                                            of operation/
                                            Country of                                           Percentage of equity
                                            incorporation/         Registered       Paid-up           attributable
     Name                                   Kind of legal entity      capital       amount          to the Company             Principal activities
                                                                                                    Direct       Indirect


     CALB (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.             Singapore/             USD50,000     USD50,000             N/A           100%      Investment holding and
                                              Singapore/Limited                                                                  sales of EV battery
                                              liability company                                                                  and ESS products


     CALB (EUROPE) S.A.                     Portugal/Portugal/     EUR200,000 EUR200,000               N/A           100%      Research and
                                              Limited liability                                                                  development,
                                              company                                                                            production and sales
                                                                                                                                 of EV battery and
                                                                                                                                 ESS products


     *      The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.



2.   Basis of preparation
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial
     Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). IFRSs comprise
     International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”); International Accounting Standards (“IAS”); and Interpretations.
     These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing
     the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance (Cap. 622). Significant accounting policies adopted by the Group are disclosed below.


     The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRSs that are first effective or available for early adoption for the
     current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting policies resulting
     from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and
     prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      3.      Adoption of new and revised IFRSs
              (a)     Application of new and revised IFRSs
                      The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB for the first time, which are
                      mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the
                      consolidated financial statements:


                      Amendments to IAS 37                          Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
                      Amendments to IFRS 3                          Reference to the Conceptual Framework
                      Annual Improvements Project                   Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018-2020


                      In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendments to IFRS 16: COVID-19 Related Rent Concessions
                      beyond 30 June 2021 and Amendments to IAS 16: Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended
                      Use in prior year.


                      The Group did not charge its accounting policies or make retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting
                      the abovementioned amend standards or annual improvements.




100   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




3.   Adoption of new and revised IFRSs (continued)
     (b)   New and revised IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not applied any new standard, amendments to standards and interpretation that have
           been issued but are not yet effective for the financial year beginning 1 January 2022. The new standard,
           amendments to standards and interpretation include the following which may be relevant to the Group.


                                                                                                             Effective for
                                                                                                               accounting
                                                                                                                   periods
                                                                                                                beginning
                                                                                                               on or after


           Amendments to IAS 1 – Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current                   1 January 2024


           Amendments to IAS 1 – Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                                    1 January 2024


           Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 – Disclosure of                               1 January 2023
              Accounting Policies


           Amendments to IAS 8 – Definition of Accounting Estimates                                        1 January 2023


           Amendments to IAS 12 – Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities                           1 January 2023
              Arising from a Single Transaction


           Amendments to IAS 16 – Lease Liability in a Sales and Leaseback                                 1 January 2024


           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of                                    To be determined
              Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                                    by the IASB


           Interpretation 5 (2020) Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification by                1 January 2024
              the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause


           The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these amendments and new
           standards is expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of
           them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022        101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.      Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
              The Group receives various government grants from local governments. Due to the growing scale of the Group’s
              operation all over the PRC mainland region, the amount of government grants has increased as well. More
              government grants have conditions that relate to expenditures incurred and the Group might well not have incurred
              such expenditures if the relevant government grant had not been available. Government grants related to assets
              reduce the funds required for acquisition or construction.


              To address these changes in circumstances and developments, during the current year, the Directors have resolved,
              and shareholders subsequently approved in extraordinary general meeting, to adopt the new accounting policy and
              presentation method of government grants as set out in note 5(aa) to the consolidated financial statements. In the
              opinion of the Directors, the above changes can more faithfully represent and provide more relevant information
              about the financial position and operating results of the Group that are increasingly affected by government grants.


              Before the change, asset-related government grants are presented as deferred income and the grant income being
              recognised separately in the consolidated statements of profit or loss in the same period in which the asset is
              depreciated. Income-related government grants are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or
              loss.


              After the change, asset-based government grants are presented in consolidated statement of financial position
              by deducting the grant in arriving at the carrying amount of the asset and the grant income being recognised as
              reduced depreciation charge in the same period in which the asset is depreciated. Income-related government grants
              are deducted in reporting the related expenses. The change has been applied retrospectively, the corresponding
              figures in the comparative financial statements have been re-presented as a result.




102   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




4.   Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
     The following summarised the accounting balances and transactions affected by the change in accounting policy and
     disclosure of government grants for the prior financial reporting year:


                                                                                              Effect of
                                                                                            change in
                                                                                           accounting
                                                                       As previously        policy and                   As
                                                                           reported         disclosure       re-presented
     Items                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2021
     Property, plant and equipment                                         8,566,468          (200,023)          8,366,445
     Right-of-use assets                                                       546,008           (9,424)           536,584
     Deferred income                                                           (217,774)       209,447               (8,327)


     As at 31 December 2021
     Property, plant and equipment                                       15,251,502            (78,963)        15,172,539
     Deferred income                                                           (914,108)        78,963            (835,145)


     For the year ended 31 December 2021
     Cost of sales                                                        (6,438,837)          132,672          (6,306,165)
     Selling expenses                                                          (160,311)        11,144            (149,167)
     Administrative expenses                                                   (412,062)        77,643            (334,419)
     Research and development expenses                                         (285,256)        62,733            (222,523)
     Government grants and subsidies                                           364,509        (284,192)             80,317




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022        103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      4.      Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (continued)
              The following summarised the accounting balances and transactions affected by the change in accounting policy and
              disclosure of government grants for the current year:


                                                                                   Before
                                                                               change of                       After change
                                                                              accounting                       of accounting
                                                                               policy and         Effect of       policy and
                                                                                disclosure          change         disclosure
                                                                               related to    in accounting         related to
                                                                             government          policy and     government
                                                                                   grants        disclosure            grants
              Items                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


              As at 1 January 2022
              Property, plant and equipment                                    15,251,502           (78,963)      15,172,539
              Deferred income                                                    (914,108)           78,963         (835,145)


              As at 31 December 2022
              Property, plant and equipment                                    45,633,338          (105,706)      45,527,632
              Deferred income                                                    (784,956)         105,706          (679,250)


              For the year ended 31 December 2022
              Cost of sales                                                   (18,855,652)         584,230       (18,271,422)
              Selling expenses                                                   (439,366)         151,102          (288,264)
              Administrative expenses                                            (847,599)         256,625          (590,974)
              Research and development expenses                                (1,167,707)         502,949          (664,758)
              Finance costs                                                       (65,983)              766           (65,217)
              Government grants and subsidies                                   1,513,091        (1,495,672)          17,419




104   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies
     These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless mentioned
     otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. financial instruments that are measured at fair value).


     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting
     estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
     policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
     are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 6.


     The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
     below.


     (a)      Consolidation
              The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
              made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
              entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
              ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power over an entity when
              the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. activities that
              significantly affect the entity’s returns.


              When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights held
              by other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise
              that right.


              Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are de-
              consolidated from the date the control ceases.


              The gain or loss on the disposal of subsidiaries that results in a loss of control represents the difference
              between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment retained in
              those subsidiaries and (ii) the Company’s share of the net assets of those subsidiaries plus any remaining
              goodwill and any accumulated exchange reserve relating to that subsidiary.


              Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated
              unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of
              subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
              Group.




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022        105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (a)     Consolidation (continued)
                      Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the
                      Company. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
                      consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are presented in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                      income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between the non-
                      controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.


                      Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
                      Company and to the non-controlling shareholders even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
                      deficit balance.


                      Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
                      accounted for as equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity as owners). The carrying
                      amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
                      interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests
                      are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and
                      attributed to the owners of the Company.


                      In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                      impairment loss, unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
                      classified as held for sale).


              (b)     Merger accounting for business combination under common control
                      These consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
                      businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if the current group structure had always
                      been in existence.


                      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the combining entities as if they
                      had been combined from the date when they first came under the control of the controlling party.


                      The consolidated statements of profit or loss and the other comprehensive income include the results of each
                      of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities
                      first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common
                      control combination.


                      The consolidated statements of financial position have been prepared to present the assets and liabilities of
                      the combining entities as if the Group structure had been in existence at the end of each reporting period.
                      The net assets of the combining entities are combined using the existing book values from the controlling
                      party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or gain on bargain purchase at the time
                      of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the controlling party’s interest.



106   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (c)   Business combination (other than under common control) and goodwill
           The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary in a business combination. The
           consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at the acquisition-date fair value of the
           assets given, equity instruments issued, liabilities incurred and any contingent consideration. Acquisition-
           related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services
           are received. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the subsidiary in the acquisition are measured at their
           acquisition-date fair values.


           The excess of the sum of the consideration transferred over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
           subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Any excess of the Group’s share of
           the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the sum of the consideration transferred is
           recognised in consolidated profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase which is attributed to the Group.


           In a business combination achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest in the subsidiary is
           remeasured at its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated profit
           or loss. The fair value is added to the sum of the consideration transferred in a business combination to
           calculate the goodwill.


           The non-controlling interests in the subsidiary are initially measured at the non-controlling shareholders’
           proportionate share of the net fair value of the subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition
           date.


           After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at Cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of
           Impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the cash-generating
           units (‘CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Each
           unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the Group
           at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill impairment reviews
           are undertaken annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential
           impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the goodwill is compared to its recoverable amount,
           which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised
           immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (d)     Associates
                      Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
                      participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity but is not control or joint control over
                      those policies. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible,
                      including potential voting rights held by other entities, are considered when assessing whether the Group
                      has significant influence. In assessing whether a potential voting right contributes to significant influence, the
                      holder’s intention and financial ability to exercise or convert that right is not considered.


                      Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method
                      and are initially recognised at Cost. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the associate in an acquisition are
                      measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the investment over the
                      Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill
                      which is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
                      value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated profit
                      or loss.


                      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
                      When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is
                      tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount
                      (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss
                      recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
                      investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that
                      the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


                      The Group’s share of an associate’s post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income is
                      recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. When the Group’s
                      share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term
                      interests that, in substance, from part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group does not
                      recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate, If
                      the associate subsequently reports profits, the Group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after
                      its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.


                      The gain or loss on the disposal of an associate that results in a loss of significant influence represents the
                      difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment
                      retained in that associate and (ii) the Group’s entire carrying amount of that associate (including goodwill)
                      and any related accumulated exchange reserve. If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a
                      joint venture, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.


                      Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of
                      the Groups interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                      evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed
                      where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


108   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (e)   Joint arrangements
           A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or inure parties have joint control. Joint control is
           the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about
           the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control. Relevant activities are
           activities that significantly affect the returns of the arrangement. When assessing joint control, the Group
           considers its potential voting m-rights as well as potential voting rights held by other parties. A potential
           voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise that right.


           A joint arrangement is either a joint operation or a joint venture. A joint operation is a joint arrangement
           whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the assets, and obligations
           for the liabilities, relating to the arrangement. A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties
           that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the arrangement. The Group has
           assessed the type of each of its joint arrangements and determined them to all be joint ventures.


           Investment in a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method
           and is initially recognised at cost, Identifiable assets and liabilities of the joint venture in an acquisition
           are measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the investment over the
           Groups share of the net fair value of the joint venture’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as
           goodwill, which is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the
           net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated
           profit or loss.


           The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in a joint venture may be
           impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
           goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
           amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
           loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of
           the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent
           that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


           The Group’s share of a joint venture’s post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income is
           recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. When the Group’s
           share of losses in a Joint venture equals or exceeds its interest in the joint venture (which includes any long-
           term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint venture), the Group
           does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint
           venture. If the joint venture subsequently reports profits, the Group resumes recognising its share of those
           profits only after its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (e)     Joint arrangements (continued)
                      The gain or loss on the disposal of a joint venture that results in a loss of joint control represents the
                      difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment
                      retained in that joint venture and (ii) the Group’s entire carrying amount of that joint venture (including
                      goodwill) and any related accumulated foreign currency translation reserve, If an investment in a joint
                      venture becomes an investment in an associate, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does
                      not remeasure the retained interest.


                      Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent
                      of the Group’s interests in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                      provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of joint ventures have been
                      changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


              (f)     Foreign currency translation
                      (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                              Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                              the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                              currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the
                              Company’s functional and presentation currency.


                      (ii)    Transactions and balances in each entity’s financial statements
                              Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition
                              using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
                              currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses
                              resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.


                              Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the
                              exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.


                              When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
                              exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a gain
                              or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
                              or loss is recognised in profit or loss.




110   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (f)   Foreign currency translation (continued)
           (iii)   Translation on consolidation
                   The results and financial position of all the Group entities that have a functional currency different
                   from the Company’s presentation currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency
                   as follows:


                   –      Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                          closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;


                   –      Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this
                          average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
                          the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates
                          on the transaction dates); and


                   –      All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                          accumulated in the exchange reserve.


                   On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form
                   part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                   accumulated in the exchange reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences
                   are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.


                   Goodwill and fair value adjustment arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
                   and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


     (g)   Property, plant and equipment
           Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated financial statements at cost, less subsequent
           accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


           Subsequent costs are included in the assets carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
           appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
           Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised
           in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022        111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (g)     Property, plant and equipment (continued)
                      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less
                      their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates are as
                      follows:


                      Buildings                                    20-35 years
                      Machinery                                    10%
                      Computer equipment                           32%
                      Furniture and office equipment               19% – 32%
                      Leasehold improvements                       Over the shorter of the term of the lease and estimated
                                                                     useful life of 5 years
                      Motor vehicles                               24%


                      The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the
                      end of each reporting period.


                      The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
                      proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.


              (h)     Leases
                      At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
                      or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
                      time in, exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the
                      use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


                      The Group as a lessee
                      Where the contract contains lease components and non-lease components, the Group has elected not
                      to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
                      components as a single lease component for all leases.


                      At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except for
                      short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which, for the
                      Group are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-
                      value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease payments
                      associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic basis
                      over the lease term.




112   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (h)   Leases (continued)
           The Group as a lessee (continued)
           Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
           payments payable over the lease tern, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
           cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
           liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
           Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
           lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


           The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
           the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,
           and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an
           estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site
           on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
           asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.


           Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
           assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
           Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
           life and the lease term.


           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
           to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
           right-of-use assets.


           The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
           an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
           a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will
           be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
           remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use
           asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
           zero.


           The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for
           a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (‘lease modification”) that is not accounted
           for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and
           lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification. The only exceptions are
           any rent concessions which arose as a direct consequence of the COVID – 19 pandemic and which satisfied
           the conditions set out in paragraph 46B of IFRS 16. In such cases, the Group took advantage of the practical
           expedient set out in paragraph 46A of IFRS 16 and recognised the change in consideration as if it were not a
           lease modification.



                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (i)     Other intangible assets
                      (a)     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
                              Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An
                              internal generated intangible asset is recognised only if all of the following conditions are met:


                              –        The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
                                       sale;


                              –        Management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


                              –        There is ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


                              –        It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                                       benefits;


                              –        Adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete development and to use or sell
                                       the intangible assets are available;


                              –        The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably
                                       measured.


                              Development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses. The development costs are amortised
                              using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding 10
                              years after the products are put into commercial production.


                      (b)     Intangible assets acquired separately
                              The following intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
                              losses. Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:


                              Computer software                               Not more than 10 years
                              Trademark                                       10 years
                              Patent                                          Not more than 10 years
                              Others                                          Not more than 10 years


                              The amortisation period and the amortisation method for intangible assets with finite useful life are
                              reviewed at least at each financial year end.




114   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (j)   Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
           average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour and
           an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where appropriate, subcontracting
           charges. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the
           estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


     (k)   Other contract costs
           Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs
           to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
           intangible assets.


           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
           a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental costs of
           obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the
           expected amortisation period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in which
           case the costs are expensed when incurred. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


           Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
           identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or services
           in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a
           specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
           costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group
           entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
           plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.


           Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment
           losses are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i)
           remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services
           to which the asset relates, less (ii) any costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have
           not yet been recognised as expenses.


           Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to which the asset
           relates is recognised.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (l)     Contract assets and contract liabilities
                      Contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally entitled to the
                      consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for expected
                      credit losses (‘ECL”) in accordance with the policy set out in note 5(dd) and are reclassified to receivables
                      when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.


                      A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
                      related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
                      receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding
                      receivable would also be recognised.


                      For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
                      multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
                      basis.


                      When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued
                      under the effective interest method replaced.


              (m)     Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
                      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                      when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


                      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, Transaction costs that are directly
                      attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
                      and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair
                      value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
                      directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                      loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.


                      The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
                      expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
                      asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
                      ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the
                      asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
                      and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial
                      asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


                      The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                      cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
                      and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
                      recognised in profit or loss.



116   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (n)   Financial assets
           All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
           Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
           the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are
           measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification
           of the financial assets.


           Debt investments
           Debt investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


           –      Amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                  solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the
                  effective interest method.


           –      Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) - recycling, if the contractual cash flows
                  of the investment comprise solely payments of principal and interest and the investment is held within
                  a business model whose objective is achieved by both the collection of contractual cash flows and
                  sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive income, except for the recognition
                  in profit or loss of expected credit losses, interest income (calculated using the effective interest
                  method) and foreign exchange gains and losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount
                  accumulated in other comprehensive income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


           –      FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI
                  (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or
                  loss.


           Equity investments
           An investment in equity is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading purposes
           and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate the investment at
           FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other comprehensive
           income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be made if the
           investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’ s perspective. Where such an election is made,
           the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the financial assets at FVTOCI reserve
           (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated in
           the financial assets at FVTOCI reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
           through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity, irrespective of whether classified as at FVTPL
           or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (o)     Trade and other receivables
                      A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
                      to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
                      consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
                      consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.


                      Receivables are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.


              (p)     Cash and cash equivalents
                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                      financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                      amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within six
                      months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.


              (q)     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
                      Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual
                      arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under IFRSs. An
                      equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after deducting
                      all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities and equity instruments are
                      set out in notes (r) to (v) below.


              (r)     Borrowings
                      Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently measured
                      at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


                      Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                      of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


              (s)     Financial guarantee contracts
                      Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                      liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:


                      –       the amount determined in accordance with the ECL model under IFRS 9; and


                      –       the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised
                              in accordance with the principles of IFRS 15.




118   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (s)   Financial guarantee contracts (continued)
           The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
           flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would
           be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for
           assuming the obligations.


           Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the
           fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


     (t)   Put Option Liability
           An arrangement that grants the non-controlling interest shareholder an option to sell the equity shares of
           the Company’s subsidiary back to the Company (“the put option”) shall be accounted for as financial liability
           of the Company as it contains an obligation to transfer cash on purchase of the non-controlling interests’
           shares. When the put option is initially issued, a liability shall be recorded for the present value of the
           redemption amount (which should be estimated if it is not contractually fixed), and subsequently measured
           at fair value based on the terms of the put option. In the event that the non-controlling interest written put
           option expires unexercised or cancelled, the liability is derecognised with a corresponding adjustment to
           equity.


     (u)   Trade and other payables
           Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
           cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
           they are stated at cost.


     (v)   Equity instruments
           Any equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an equity after
           deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds
           received, net of direct issue cost.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (w)     Revenue and other income
                      Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the amount
                      of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected
                      on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of
                      any trade discounts.


                      Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the
                      goods have shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). A receivable is recognised by the Group
                      when the goods are delivered to the customer as this represents the point in time at which the right to
                      consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due.


                      Revenue from the provision of services is recognised over the scheduled period on an input method because
                      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.


                      Revenue from other sources
                      Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
                      periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
                      benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset, Lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or
                      loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments that do not
                      depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.


                      Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
                      at amortised cost or FVTOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied
                      to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
                      applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross candying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.


                      Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment are established.




120   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (x)   Employee benefits
           (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                   Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                   employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                   result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.


                   Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


           (ii)    Medical benefits
                   The Group’s contributions to various defined contribution medical benefit plans organised by the
                   relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC are expensed as incurred.


           (iii)   Pension scheme – Mainland China
                   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in Mainland China, are required to
                   participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
                   subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
                   pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
                   payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


           (iv)    Housing fund – Mainland China
                   The Group contributes on a monthly basis to a defined contribution housing fund plan operated by
                   the local municipal government. Contributions to this plan by the Group are expensed as incurred.


           (v)     Termination benefits
                   Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer
                   withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and involves
                   the payment of termination benefits.


     (y)   Share-based payments
           The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors and employees. Equity-settled
           share-based payments are measured at the fair value (excluding the effect of non-market based vesting
           conditions) of the equity instruments at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of
           the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
           on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market based
           vesting conditions.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (z)     Borrowing costs
                      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
                      are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
                      capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
                      intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
                      their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


                      To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset,
                      the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate
                      to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs
                      applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings
                      made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. Any specific borrowing that remain
                      outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intend use or sales included in the general borrowing pool
                      for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowing.


                      All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


              (aa) Government grants
                      A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
                      conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.


                      Government grants relating to the acquisition or construction of long-term assets are asset-related
                     government grants . Such government grants are firstly recognised in deferred income until the corresponding
                      long-term assets are completed and put to use. The government grants shall offset the carrying value of
                      related assets and are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the related depreciable assets by way of
                      reduced depreciation expenses.


                     Income-related government grants are government grants other than asset-related government grants. Such
                      government grants are deducted from the related expense and recognise in the same period as the expenses
                      specifically relevant to the grants. Income-related government grants shall be recognised as deferred income
                      and recognised as described above when the relevant costs or losses are recognised subsequently.


                      For government grants that include both asset-related portion and income-related portion, different portions
                      shall be accounted for separately.


                      Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
                      the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
                      in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.




122   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (aa) Government grants (continued)
          Repayment of income-related government grant is applied first against any unamortised deferred income set
          up in respect of the grant. To the extent that the repayment exceeds any such deferred income, or where no
          deferred income exists, the repayment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. Repayment of asset-related
          government grant is recognised by increasing the carrying amount of the asset by the amount repayable. The
          cumulative additional depreciation that would have been recognised in profit or loss to date in the absence
          of the grant is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


     (bb) Taxation
          Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.


          The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit recognised
          in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
          items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
          that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


          Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
          consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.
          Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets
          are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible
          temporary differences, unused tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are
          not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in
          a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
          nor the accounting profit.


          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries
          and associates except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
          probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
          the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
          the asset to be recovered.


          Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled
          or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
          reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in
          other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other
          comprehensive income or directly in equity.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (bb) Taxation (continued)
                      The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
                      the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
                      amount of its assets and liabilities.


                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
                      of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
                      attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


                      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
                      IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences relating to
                      right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised at initial recognition and over the lease terms due
                      to application of the initial recognition exemption.


                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
                      tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                      authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.


              (cc)    Impairment of non-financial assets
                      The carrying amounts of other non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of
                      impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated
                      statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined for an
                      individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
                      other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which
                      the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal
                      of the individual asset or the CGU.


                      Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/CGU. Present values are
                      computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset/
                      CGU whose impairment is being measured.


                      Impairment losses on CGUs are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then pro rata amongst the
                      other assets of the CGU. Subsequent increases in the recoverable amount caused by changes in estimates are
                      credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the impairment.




124   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
          The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on investments in debt instruments that
          are measured at amortised cost, trade receivables and contract assets. The amount of expected credit losses
          is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective
          financial instrument.


          The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The expected credit
          losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit
          loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
          assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including
          time value of money where appropriate.


          For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
          increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has
          not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
          instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.


          Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the
          expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that
          is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after
          the reporting date.


          Significant increase in credit risk
          In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
          recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting
          date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial recognition.
          In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
          reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
          without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the
          industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts,
          governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various
          external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022        125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
                      Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
                      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                      increased significantly since initial recognition:


                      –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                              internal credit rating;


                      –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial
                              instrument;


                      –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                              cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                      –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                      –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;


                      –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                              environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                              obligations.


                      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial
                      asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days
                      past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                      Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased
                      significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                      reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:


                      (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,


                      (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and


                      (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                              reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.




126   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
          Significant increase in credit risk (continued)
          The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of
          “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not
          available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a
          strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.


          For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment
          is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
          for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
          recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified
          debtor will default on the contract.


          The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
          significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
          identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


          Definition of default
          The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
          purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
          generally not recoverable.


          –      when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


          –      information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                 unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                 held by the Group).


          Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
          more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
          that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      5.      Significant accounting policies (continued)
              (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
                      Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                      future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired
                      includes observable data about the following events:


                      –       significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;


                      –       a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                      –       the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s
                              financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                              otherwise consider;


                      –       it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                              or


                      –       the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


                      Write-off policy
                      The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                      financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been placed
                      under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the
                      amounts are over one year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                      to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                      appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.




128   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




5.   Significant accounting policies (continued)
     (dd) Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (continued)
            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
            the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
            of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as
            described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross
            carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount
            drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in
            the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific
            future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information.


            For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows
            that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
            receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.


            If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL
            in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime
            ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the
            current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.


            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
            corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.


     (ee) Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal or
            constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
            will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money
            is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.


            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
            estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence
            of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is
            remote.


     (ff)   Events after the reporting period
            Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at the end
            of the reporting period or those that indicate the going concern assumption is not appropriate are adjusting
            events and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Events after the reporting period that are
            not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.



                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022        129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      6.      Critical judgements and key estimates
              Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
              In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that have
              the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart from those
              involving estimations, which are dealt with below).


              (a)     Distinction between investment properties and owner-occupied properties
                      Some properties comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals and another portion that is held for use in
                      the production of goods. If these portions can be sold separately (or leased out separately under a finance
                      lease), the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the portions cannot be sold separately, the property
                      is accounted for as investment property only if an insignificant portion is held for use in the production
                      of goods. Judgement is applied in determining whether ancillary services are so significant that a property
                      does not quality as an investment property. The Group considers each property separately in making its
                      judgement.


              (b)     Consolidation of entity with less than 50% equity interest holding
                      Although the Company owns less than 50% of the equity interest in Hefei Company, Hefei Company is
                      treated as a subsidiary because the Group is able to control the relevant activities of Hefei Company as a
                      result of the voting rights entrustment agreement and concerted action agreement entered into between the
                      Company and the other major shareholder of Hefei Company. The other shareholder agree to entrust 31%
                      voting rights to the Company and to act in concert for all voting decisions made by the Company in Hefei
                      Company’s board of directors meeting and shareholders meeting. In addition, according to the articles of
                      association of Hefei Company, the board of directors of Hefei Company shall comprise 3 directors, of which
                      the Company has the right to nominate 2 directors.


              (c)     Equity pick up of entity of less than 20% equity interest
                      Although the Group holds less than 20% of the equity interest of Cangzhou Mingzhu Lithiumion Battery
                      Separator Co., Ltd. (‘Cangzliou Mingzhu”). the directors considered that the Group has significant influence
                      over Cangzhou Mingzhu because the Group is entitled to appoint one director out of the five directors of
                      Cangzhou Mingzhu.




130   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




6.   Critical judgements and key estimates (continued)
     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (continued)
     (d)   Business model assessment
           Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI (i.e. Solely Payments of
           Principal and Interest) test and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level
           that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective.
           This assessment includes judgement reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the
           assets is evaluated and their performance measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
           how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial
           assets measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI that are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the
           reason for their disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the objective of the business for which
           the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group’s continuous assessment of whether the business model
           for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to be appropriate and if it is not appropriate
           whether there has been a change in business model and so a prospective change to the classification of
           those assets. No such changes were required during the periods presented.


     (e)   Significant increase in credit risk
           As explained in note 5(dd), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
           or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit
           risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account
           qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.


     (f)   Determining the lease term
           In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that include renewal options exercisable
           by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all
           relevant facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option,
           including favourable terms, leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset
           to the Group’s operation.


           Generally, periods covered by an extension option in other properties leases have not been included in the
           lease liability because the Group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption. See
           note 22 for further information.


           The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in circumstance that is
           within the Group’s control. During the current financial year, no lease term has been reassessed.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022        131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      6.      Critical judgements and key estimates (continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty
              The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
              reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
              liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.


              (a)     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                      assets
                      Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets are stated at costs less accumulated depreciation and
                      impairment, if any. Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs) must be tested
                      for impairment annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to exercise judgement
                      and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or any indicators that
                      may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
                      amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which are estimated based
                      upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in estimating
                      the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount rate. When it is not
                      possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use assets), the Group
                      estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belongs. Changing the
                      assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow projections,
                      could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.


                      The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment was approximately RMB45,527,632,000 (2021:
                      RMB15,172,539,000 (re-presented).


                      The carrying amount of right-of-use assets was approximately RMB1,618,177,000 (2021: RMB643,374,000).


                      The carrying amount of intangible assets was approximately RMB1,373,277,000 (2021: RMB1,075,007,000).


              (b)     Income taxes
                      The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. Significant estimates are required in determining
                      the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate tax
                      determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business, Where the final tax outcome of these
                      matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income
                      tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made. During the year, income
                      tax credit of RMB47,910,000 (2021: RMB48,107,000) was recognised in profit or loss based on the estimated
                      assessable profits.




132   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




6.   Critical judgements and key estimates (continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
     (c)   Impairment of trade receivables
           The management of the Group estimates the amount of impairment loss for ECL on trade receivables based
           on the credit risk of trade receivables. The amount of the impairment loss based on ECL model is measured
           as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
           contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
           determined at initial recognition. Where the future cash flows are less than expected, or being revised
           downward due to changes in facts and circumstances, a material impairment loss may arise.


           The carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB3,582,355,000 (2021: RMB2,106,368,000) (net of
           allowance of doubtful debts of RMB27,876,000 (2021: RMB: 37,191,000).


     (d)   Impairment loss on deposits and other receivables
           The Group makes impairment loss for bad and doubtful debts based on assessments of the recoverability of
           the deposits and other receivables, including the current creditworthiness and the past collection history of
           each debtor. Impairments arise where events or changes in circumstances indicate that the balances may not
           be collectible. The identification of bad and doubtful debts, in particular of a loss event, requires the use of
           judgement and estimates. Where the actual result is different from the original estimate, such difference will
           impact the carrying value of the prepayment, deposits and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in
           the year in which such estimate has been changed.


           During the year, RMB3,157,000 (2021:RMB682,000) impairment loss on deposits and other receivables was
           recognised.


     (e)   Allowance for slow-moving inventories
           Allowance for slow-moving inventories is made based on the aging and estimated net realisable value of
           inventories. The assessment of the allowance amount involves judgement and estimates. Where the actual
           outcome in future is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying value of
           inventories and allowance charge/write-back in the period in which such estimate has been changed.


           During the year, RMB268,006,000 (2021: RMB90,088,000) allowance of slow-moving inventories was
           recognised.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      6.      Critical judgements and key estimates (continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)
              (f)     Impairment of investments in associates using equity accounting
                      Management determines whether investments in associates have suffered any impairment whenever events
                      or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable, according to their
                      recoverable amounts determined based on value in use calculations. The determination of impairment
                      indication requires significant judgement, and the calculations of recoverable amount require the use of
                      estimates which are subject to change of economic environment in future.


                      The carrying amount of investments in associates using equity accounting was RMB16,351,000 (2021:
                      RMB1,104,966,000).


              (g)     Warranty provisions
                      As explained in note 39, the Group makes product warranty provision based on its best estimate of the
                      expected settlement under the sales agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
                      warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical
                      warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities. As the Group
                      is continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models, it is possible that the recent claim
                      experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
                      decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in future years.


              (h)     Estimated provisions for litigation claims
                      The Group evaluates whether a present obligation exists under litigation claim after taking into account
                      all available evidence, including the opinion of experts. A provision is recognised for litigation claim if the
                      Directors consider it is more likely than not that present obligation exists and a reliable estimate can be
                      made on the settlement amount of the claim. If it is more likely than not that no present obligation exists,
                      the Group should disclose a contingent liability, unless the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in
                      settlement is remote. Details of the provisions for litigation claims and the contingent liabilities for litigation
                      claims are disclosed in note 39(b) and 48(b), respectively.




134   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




7.   Financial risk management
     The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and
     interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
     markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


     (a)    Foreign currency risk
            The Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and
            liabilities are principally denominated in RMB. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging
            policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group monitors its foreign
            currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need
            arise.


            If the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against United States Dollar with all other variables held
            constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB5,440,000 (2021: RMB839,000)
            higher/lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain on bank balances and trade receivables
            denominated in United States Dollar.


            No sensitivity analyses on the change of RMB against other currencies are prepared as the impact to the
            financial statements is insignificant.


     (b)    Credit risk
            Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
            customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities
            (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial
            institutions, and other financial instruments. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from bank and cash
            balances, restricted bank balances and pledged bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are banks
            and financial institutions with high credit-rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies, for which
            the Group considers to have low credit risk.


            Trade and bills receivables
            Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Groups’ established policy, procedures
            and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are performed on all
            customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history
            of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to
            the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade
            receivables are normally due within 90 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more
            than 6 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted,
            Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022        135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      7.      Financial risk management (continued)
              (b)     Credit risk (continued)
                      Trade and bills receivables (continued)
                      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
                      is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
                      significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
                      status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


                      The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                      receivables at 31 December 2022 and 2021:


                      As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                    Past due                 Individually
                                                          Current    0-180 days 181-365 days   Over 1 year      assessed        Total
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)             –          5%           10%          50%           100%
                      Gross carrying amount             3,530,603       35,513        19,190        1,487         23,438    3,610,231
                      Expected credit losses                    –        1,776         1,919          743         23,438      27,876



                      As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                    Past due                 Individually
                                                          Current    0-180 days 181-365 days   Over 1 year      assessed        Total
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)             –          5%           10%          50%          4.99%
                      Gross carrying amount             1,429,484        3,098        20,121        1,156        689,700    2,143,559
                      Expected credit losses                    –          155         2,012          578         34,446      37,191


                      Expected credit loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 year and are adjusted to reflect
                      differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical data has been collected,
                      current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.
                      Throughout the current financial year, the historical credit loss experience of the customers of the Group, the
                      forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment remains no significant change.
                      As such, expected credit loss rates (except for those assessed individually) remains the same.




136   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




7.   Financial risk management (continued)
     (b)   Credit risk (continued)
           Trade and bills receivables (continued)
           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           At 1 January 2021                                                                                      119,614
           Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                             26,600
           Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                              (109,023)


           At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                  37,191
           Reversal of loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                  (9,315)


           At 31 December 2022                                                                                     27,876



           The ECLs for bills receivables, which are all bank acceptance bills, approximates to zero. Those banks who
           issue bank acceptance bills are creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

           Financial assets at amortised cost
           All of the Group’s financial assets at amortised cost, other than trade and bills receivables, are considered to
           have low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the year was therefore limited to 12-month
           expected losses.

           Financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables and amounts due from related
           parties.

           Movement in the loss allowance for financial assets at amortised cost is as follows:


                                                                                                     Deposit and other
                                                                                                              receivables
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2021                                                                                      6,727
           Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                 (2,730)
           Loss allowance recognised for the year                                                                      682


           At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                    4,679
           Loss allowance recognised for the year                                                                    3,157


           At 31 December 2022                                                                                       7,836


                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      7.      Financial risk management (continued)
              (c)     Liquidity risk
                      The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
                      maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


                      The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s financial liabilities is as
                      follows:


                                                                  Less than          Between          More than
                                                                     1 year       2 to 5 years            5 years                Total
                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000


                      At 31 December 2022
                      Trade and bills payables                  21,646,762                    –                 –       21,646,762
                      Accruals and other payables                 7,046,773                   –                 –         7,046,773
                      Amounts due to related parties                471,652                   –                 –              471,652
                      Lease liabilities                              28,881           103,471                   –              132,352
                      Bank borrowings                             3,128,055        13,733,317          3,443,385        20,304,757


                      At 31 December 2021
                      Trade and bills payables                    6,316,866                   –                 –         6,316,866
                      Accruals and other payables                 2,097,373                   –                 –         2,097,373
                      Amounts due to related parties                 22,864                   –                 –               22,864
                      Lease liabilities                              12,221             16,449                  –               28,670
                      Bank borrowings                               131,267         2,349,457            963,313          3,444,037
                      Financial guarantees                           12,354                   –                 –               12,354
                      Put option liabilities                        941,132                   –                 –              941,132


              (d)     Interest rate risk
                      The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk mainly arises from its bank deposits and bank borrowings. These
                      deposits and borrowings bear interests at variable rate varied with the prevailing market condition.


                      If interest rates at that date had been 100 basis points higher with all other variables held constant,
                      consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB3,442,000 (2021: RMB38,778,000) higher,
                      arising mainly as a result of higher interest income on bank deposits net of higher interest expenses on
                      bank borrowings. If interest rates had been 100 basis points lower, with all other variables held constant,
                      consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB3,442,000 (2021: RMB38,778,000) lower,
                      arising mainly as a result of lower interest income on bank deposits net of lower interest expenses on bank
                      borrowings.




138   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




7.   Financial risk management (continued)
     (e)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Financial assets:
           Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                    19,277,057           9,056,505
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                         224,925           3,713,705
           Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                        622,730           2,468,870


           Financial liabilities:
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                        46,872,663          11,354,501
           Financial guarantees                                                                      –            12,354
           Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                            –           941,132


     (f)   Fair values
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the consolidated
           statements of financial position approximate their respective fair values.


     (g)   Transfers of financial assets
           The following were the Group’s financial assets transferred to banks by discounting those receivables on
           a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards relating to these
           receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of the receivables and has recognised the cash
           received on the transfer as a secured borrowing (note 28). These financial assets are carried at amortised cost
           in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


           As at 31 December 2022


                                                                                                         Bills receivables
                                                                                                           discounted to
                                                                                                         banks with full
                                                                                                                recourse
                                                                                                                RMB’000


           Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                 108,810
           Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             108,810


           Net position                                                                                                  –




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      7.      Financial risk management (continued)
              (g)     Transfers of financial assets (continued)
                      As at 31 December 2021


                                                                                                                   Bills receivables
                                                                                                                      discounted to
                                                                                                                    banks with full
                                                                                                                            recourse
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


                      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                         –
                      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                     –


                      Net position                                                                                                  –


      8.      Fair value measurements
              Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
              between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
              fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


              Level 1 inputs:         quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group
                                      can access at the measurement date.


              Level 2 inputs:         inputs other than quoted prices included within level I that are observable for the asset or
                                      liability, either directly or indirectly.


              Level 3 inputs:         unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


              The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
              event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.




140   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




8.   Fair value measurements (continued)
     (a)   Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2022
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –      101,428                  –         101,428
           – Investment in a listed equity security       234,590            –                  –         234,590
           – Investment in a unlisted equity security           –      286,712                  –         286,712
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        75,662            –                  –          75,662
           – Investment in a unlisted debt instrument           –      149,263                  –         149,263


                                                          310,252      537,403                  –         847,655




                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2021
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –    2,468,870                  –       2,468,870
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investments in commodity linked
             structural products                                –    3,713,705                  –       3,713,705


                                                                –    6,182,575                  –       6,182,575


           Financial liabilities at FVTPL
           – Put option liabilities                             –            –          941,132           941,132




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022        141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      8.      Fair value measurements (continued)
              (b)     Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and
                      inputs used in fair value measurements:
                      The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
                      required for financial reporting purposes, including level 2 and level 3 fair value measurements. The financial
                      controller reports directly to the Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
                      processes and results are held between the financial controller and the Directors at least once a year.


                      For level 2 fair value measurements, specific valuation techniques the Group used to value the financial assets
                      include the annual interest rates for certificate of deposits, the market commodity price for commodity linked
                      structural products and net assets value for the limited partnership fund and limited liability partnership.


                      For level 3 fair value measurements, the Group will normally engage external valuation experts with the
                      recognised professional qualifications and recent experience to perform the valuations.


                      Level 3 fair value, measurements – Put option liabilities classified as financial
                      liabilities at FVTPL

                                                                                            Effect on               Fair value
                                                                                            fair value for
                                                       Valuation        Unobservable        increase of
                      Description                      technique        inputs              inputs                2022              2021
                                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Written put option to            Discounted       Weighted average    Decrease
                        non-controlling shareholders     cash flows       cost of capital
                        of subsidiaries                                   (12.5% (2021:
                                                                          10.3%))


                                                                        Internal rate of    Increase
                                                                          return of
                                                                          underlying
                                                                          projects
                                                                          (8.9% to 13.5%
                                                                          (2021: (12% to
                                                                          13%))                                       –          941,132


                      During the two years, there were no changes in the valuation techniques used.




142   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




9.   Revenue
     (a)   Disaggregation of revenue
           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service line for the year is as
           follows:


                                                                                                                     2022                   2021
                                                                                                           RMB’000                    RMB’000


           Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
           Sales of EV battery                                                                         18,323,505                     6,065,200
           Sales of ESS products and others                                                               2,051,437                       751,915


                                                                                                       20,374,942                     6,817,115



           The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the
           following major product lines and geographical regions:


                                                                                        Sales of ESS products
                                                             Sales of EV battery             and others                           Total
                                                                2022           2021         2022            2021               2022           2021
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000


           Primary geographical markets
           – Mainland China                                18,014,091     5,970,264     1,974,344         673,500      19,988,435         6,643,764
           – Europe                                           60,848         40,737       22,327           26,424            83,175         67,161
           – Asia                                            213,078         44,307          275                64          213,353         44,371
           – America                                          35,488          9,853       54,491           51,800            89,979         61,653
           – Others                                                 –              39           –            127                  –            166


           Revenue from external customers                 18,323,505     6,065,200     2,051,437         751,915      20,374,942         6,817,115


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Products transferred at a point in time         18,323,505     6,065,200     2,010,924         747,074      20,334,429         6,812,274
           Products and services transferred over time              –               –     40,513            4,841            40,513          4,841


           Total                                           18,323,505     6,065,200     2,051,437         751,915      20,374,942         6,817,115




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022            143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      9.      Revenue (continued)
              (b)      Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
                       with customers
                       The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied)
                       as at year end and the expected timing of recognising revenue as follows:


                                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


                       Within 1 year                                                                     490,532            106,918



      10. Investment and other income

                                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


              Interest income on:
              Bank deposits                                                                              120,739             66,882
              Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                                  63,504            105,384


              Total interest income                                                                      184,243            172,266
              Compensation from suppliers                                                                   5,335             1,520
              Insurance compensation income                                                                   853               997
              Others                                                                                          999             1,464


                                                                                                         191,430            176,247




144   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




11. Government grants and subsidies
    During the year, the Group recognised government grants and subsidies as follow:


                                                                                                 2022               2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Re-presented)


    Related to income
    Research and development subsidies                                                          4,640             52,530
    Subsidies on industry development                                                           9,994             23,837
    Subsidies on recruitment                                                                    1,265               2,876
    Others                                                                                      1,520               1,074


                                                                                               17,419             80,317



    The government grants and subsidies were received for compensation for or reimbursement of costs or expenses
    previously incurred and recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they became receivable.


    During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group received government grants and subsidies from related
    entities of Government of Jintan District of approximately RMB88 million (2021: RMB142 million).




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      12. Other losses, net

                                                                                 2022        2021
                                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000


              Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                   (38,281)    13,705
              Fair value change in financial guarantees                        12,354       1,755
              Fair value change in put option liabilities                     275,669      (14,512)
              Loss on disposal of associates                                      (503)          –
              Impairment losses on intangible asset                                  –         (15)
              Allowance for inventories                                       (268,006)    (90,088)
              Net foreign exchange losses                                      (43,589)       (361)
              Net loss on lease modification                                    (1,132)          –
              Net gain/(loss) on disposals of property, plant and equipment       616          (25)


                                                                               (62,872)    (89,541)




146   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




13. Segment information
    The Group is mainly engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
    ESS products in the PRC, and all the assets are substantially located in the PRC. Accordingly, there is only one single
    business reportable segment which is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker.


    Revenue from major customers:

                                                                                                           2022                 2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


    Customer G                                                                                       8,056,758            3,537,094
    Customer X#                                                                                      3,457,134                    N/A
    Customer C   *
                                                                                                             N/A             946,661


    #      Revenue from this customer amounted to less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.

    *      Revenue from this customer amounted to less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.



14. Finance costs

                                                                                                           2022                 2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


    Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 22)                                                       4,691                  695
    Interest on bank borrowings                                                                         355,737               81,119
    Interest on other loans                                                                                     –              6,717


    Total borrowing costs                                                                               360,428               88,531
    Amount capitalised                                                                                 (295,211)             (63,556)


                                                                                                         65,217               24,975




                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022       147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      15. Income tax credit
              Income tax credit has been recognised in profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              Current tax – the PRC
                Provision for the year                                                                (63,127)         (220,352)
                Over provision in prior years                                                          15,054                 –


                                                                                                      (48,073)         (220,352)
              Current tax – Germany
                Provision for the year                                                                   (261)                 –

              Deferred tax (note 40)                                                                   96,244           268,459


                                                                                                       47,910            48,107


              Under the relevant income tax law, the PRC subsidiaries are subject to Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a statutory
              rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the year.

              The Company and certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were approved to be high and new technology
              enterprises and were entitled to a reduced EIT rate of 15%. The high and new technology enterprises certificates
              need to be renewed every three years so as to enable the Company and those subsidiaries to enjoy the reduced EIT
              rate of 15%.

              The reconciliation between the income tax credit and the product of profit before tax multiplied by the PRC EIT rate
              is as follows:


                                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              Profit before tax                                                                       645,627            63,433


              Tax at the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate of 15%                                         96,844             9,515
              Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible                                           13,517             9,047
              Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                                     –           (35,887)
              Tax effect of super deduction of qualified research and
                development expenditure                                                              (270,771)          (86,153)
              Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                      (37,292)            5,995
              Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                  73,957            69,500
              Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses not previously recognised                           (14)                –
              Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                            90,903           (20,124)
              Over provision in prior years                                                           (15,054)                –


              Income tax credit                                                                       (47,910)          (48,107)




148   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




16. Profit for the year
    The Group’s profit for the year is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


     Allowance for inventories (note 12)                                                            268,006              90,088
     Amortisation of intangible assets (note 24)                                                    137,620              83,431
     Auditor’s remuneration
     – Audit services                                                                                 3,651                  283
     – Non-audit services                                                                             1,293                     –
     – Listing related services*                                                                     16,999                     –
     Cost of inventories sold                                                                   18,271,422            6,306,165
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 21)                                        772,475             420,609
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 22)                                                   52,310              20,461
     Net (gain)/loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment (note 12)                            (616)                 25
     Net loss on lease modification (note 12)                                                         1,132                     –
     Impairment losses on intangible assets (note 12)                                                       –                 15
     (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on trade and bills receivables                 (9,315)            26,600
     Impairment losses on prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 3,157                  682


    *       Such services fee was deducted to the proceeds from the issue of ordinary shares.



17. Employee benefits expenses

                                                                                                       2022                2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


     Employee benefits expense (including Directors’ emoluments):
        Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                          1,130,069             635,987
        Equity-settled share-based payments (note 43)                                                40,631              29,284
        Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                      66,533              34,238


                                                                                                  1,237,233             699,509




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      17. Employee benefits expenses (continued)
              Five highest paid individuals
              The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included two (2021: two) directors of the Company
              whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 18(a). The emoluments of the remaining three
              (2021: three) individuals are set out below:


                                                                                                           2022          2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000


              Basic salaries and allowances                                                                8,973        7,306
              Equity-settled share-based payments                                                         16,252       11,714
              Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                       128             96


                                                                                                          25,353       19,116



              Five highest paid individuals
              The emoluments fell with the following band:


                                                                                                           2022          2021
                                                                                                  Number of        Number of
                                                                                                  headcount        headcount


              RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                     –             1
              RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                    1              –
              RMB7,000,001 to RMB7,500,000                                                                     –             2
              RMB8,500,001 to RMB9,000,000                                                                     –             1
              RMB9,000,001 to RMB9,500,000                                                                    2              –
              RMB12,000,001 to RMB12,500,000                                                                  1              –
              RMB16,500,001 to RMB17,000,000                                                                   –             1
              RMB22,000,001 to RMB22,500,000                                                                  1              –


                                                                                                              5              5



              During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals
              as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.




150   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




18. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors
    (a)   Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments

                                                 Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                               whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking
                                                                                                                                                       Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                             paid or
                                                                                                                                                          receivable
                                                                                                                                                       in respect of
                                                                                                                                                           director’s
                                                                                                                                                      other services
                                                                                                                                                      in connection
                                                                                                                  Remunerations                            with the
                                                                                                                           paid or                     management
                                                                                       (Note i)                       receivable in                    of the affairs
                                                                                     Estimated      Employer’s          respect of                            of the
                                                                                  money value contribution to            accepting                      Company or
                                                Salaries and     Discretionary         of other    a retirement              office        Housing     its subsidiary
                                         Fees    allowances             bonus          benefits benefit scheme          as director       allowance    undertaking        Total
                                      RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


          Chairwoman
          Ms. Liu Jingyu（劉靜瑜女士）             –         2,590              3,267          16,252               43                   –               –                –     22,152


          Executive directors
          Mr. Dai Ying（戴穎先生）                –           932              2,334           6,095               43                   –               –                –      9,404


          Non-Executive directors
          Mr. Zhang Guoqing
           （張國慶先生）                          –             –                  –                –               –                   –               –                –          –
          Mr. Zhou Sheng（周勝先生）              –             –                  –                –               –                   –               –                –          –
          Mr. Li Yunxiang
           （李雲祥先生）                          –             –                  –                –               –                   –               –                –          –


          Independent
            non-executive directors
          Mr. Wu Guangquan
           （吳光權先生）(Note (iv))              60             –                  –                –               –                   –               –                –         60
          Mr. Wang Susheng
           （王蘇生先生）(Note (iv))              60              –                 –                –               –                   –               –                –         60
          Mr. Chen Zetong
           （陳澤桐先生）(Note (iv))              60              –                 –                –               –                   –               –                –         60




                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022          151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (continued)
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

                                                           Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                                         whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking
                                                                                                                                                             Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                  paid or
                                                                                                                                                               receivable
                                                                                                                                                             in respect of
                                                                                                                                                                director’s
                                                                                                                                                            other services
                                                                                                                                                            in connection
                                                                                                                            Remunerations                        with the
                                                                                                                                     paid or                management
                                                                                                 (Note i)                       receivable in               of the affairs
                                                                                               Estimated      Employer’s          respect of                       of the
                                                                                            money value contribution to            accepting                 Company or
                                                          Salaries and     Discretionary         of other    a retirement              office    Housing    its subsidiary
                                                   Fees    allowances             bonus          benefits benefit scheme          as director   allowance    undertaking       Total
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


                      Supervisors
                      Mr. Jiang Jinhua（姜金華先生）
                        (Note (ii))                   –             –                  –                –               –                   –           –               –          –
                      Ms. Cheng Yan（程雁女士）             –             –                  –                –               –                   –           –               –          –
                      Ms. Nian Mingzhu
                       （念明珠女士）                        –           198                  8                –              26                   –           –               –        232


                      Total for year ended
                        31 December 2022            180         3,720              5,609          22,347              112                   –           –               –     31,968




152   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




18. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (continued)
    (a)   Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)

                                                  Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
                                                             whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking
                                                                                                                                                           Emoluments
                                                                                                                                                                   paid
                                                                                                                                                          or receivable
                                                                                                                                                           in respect of
                                                                                                                                                              director’s
                                                                                                                                                          other services
                                                                                                                                                          in connection
                                                                                                                                                               with the
                                                                                                                      Remunerations                       management
                                                                                        (Note i)                              paid or                     of the affairs
                                                                                     Estimated         Employer’s          receivable                            of the
                                                                                         money contribution to          in respect of                      Company or
                                              Salaries and     Discretionary           value of       a retirement accepting office           Housing     its subsidiary
                                       Fees    allowances             bonus      other benefits benefit scheme             as director       allowance     undertaking        Total
                                    RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000
          Chairwoman
          Ms. Liu Jingyu（劉靜瑜女士）           –         2,580             2,495             11,714                  39                  –                –                –     16,828


          Executive directors
          Mr. Dai Ying（戴穎先生）              –           928             1,948              4,393                  39                  –                –                –      7,308


          Non-Executive directors
          Mr. Zhang Guoqing
           （張國慶先生）                        –             –                  –                  –                  –                  –                –                –          –
          Mr. Zhou Sheng（周勝先生）            –             –                  –                  –                  –                  –                –                –          –
          Mr. Li Yunxiang（李雲祥先生）          –             –                  –                  –                  –                  –                –                –          –


          Supervisors
          Mr. Jiang Jinhua
           （姜金華先生）(Note ii))              –             –                  –                  –                  –                  –                –                –          –
          Ms. Cheng Yan（程雁女士）             –             –                  –                  –                  –                  –                –                –          –
          Ms. Nian Mingzhu
           （念明珠女士）                        –           196                 26                  –                 19                  –                –                –        241
          Mr. Shi Rongsheng
           （史榮先生）(Note (iii))             –             –                  –                  –                  –                  –                –                –          –


          Total for year ended
            31 December 2021              –         3,704              4,469            16,107                  97                  –                –                –     24,377



                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022           153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      18. Benefits and interests of directors and supervisors (continued)
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (continued)
                      Notes:

                      (i)      Estimated money values of other benefits include equity-settled share-based payments.

                      (ii)     Mr. Jiang Jinhua was appointed as supervisor on 7 February 2021.

                      (iii)    Mr. Shi Rongsheng was resigned on 7 February 2021.

                      (iv)     Mr. Wu Guangquan, Mr. Wang Susheng and Mr. Chen Zetong were appointed as independent non-executive directors on 6
                               October 2022.



                      Neither the chief executive nor any of the directors waived any emoluments during the year (2021: Nil).


              (b)     Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                      No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                      Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the director’s connected party had a
                      material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
                      year.


      19. Dividends
              No dividend has been paid or proposed during the year (2021: Nil).


      20. Earnings per share
              The calculation of the basic earnings per share during the year is based on the profit for the year attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue or deemed to
              be in issue.


              As described in note 44 (ii), the Company converted into a joint stock limited liability company and converted its
              registered capital into 1,200 million ordinary shares with nominal value of RMB1 each in November 2021. For
              the purpose of computing basic and diluted earnings per share, the weighted average number of ordinary shares
              deemed to be in issue before the Company’s conversion into a joint stock company was determined assuming the
              conversion into joint stock company had occurred since 1 January 2021, at the exchange ratio established in the
              conversion in November 2021.


              (a)     Basic earnings per share
                      The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the
                      Company of approximately RMB691,626,000 (2021: RMB140,029,000), and the weighted average number of
                      ordinary shares of approximately 1,569,094,000 (2021: 1,241,141,000) in issue during the year.


              (b)     Diluted earnings per share
                      No diluted earnings per share was presented for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 as the
                      Company did not have any dilutive potential ordinary shares.


154   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2022




21. Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                        Furniture
                                                                         Computer      and office                    Leasehold    Construction
                                              Building     Machinery    equipment     equipment Motor vehicles    improvement      in progress       Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021:
    Cost                                      3,092,454    1,977,470        81,361        79,186        17,546          67,653       3,592,425     8,908,095
    Accumulated depreciation and impairment    (159,045)    (284,577)      (42,050)      (26,661)      (13,047)        (16,270)              –      (541,650)


    Net carrying amount                       2,933,409    1,692,893       39,311        52,525          4,499          51,383       3,592,425     8,366,445


    At I January 2021. net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment             2,933,409    1,692,893        39,311        52,525         4,499          51,383       3,592,425     8,366,445
    Additions                                    56,384      127,418        50,751        52,561         3,396          16,629       9,074,487     9,381,626
    Disposal of subsidiaries                   (854,558)    (796,206)      (12,947)       (4,405)       (2,089)              –        (375,059)   (2,045,264)
    Disposals                                         –      (24,527)          (67)          (70)         (814)              –         (84,181)     (109,659)
    Transfer                                  1,070,566    2,301,572        45,497        18,129             –               –      (3,435,764)            –
    Depreciation provided during the year       (46,529)    (311,844)      (29,283)      (19,417)       (1,089)        (12,447)              –      (420,609)


    At 31 December 2021, net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment             3,159,272    2,989,306       93,262        99,323          3,903          55,565       8,771,908    15,172,539


    At 31 December 2021 and
      at 1 January 2022:
    Cost                                      3,312,467    3,238,975      135,064       132,159          6,690          84,240       8,771,908    15,681,503
    Accumulated depreciation and impairment    (153,195)    (249,669)     (41,802)      (32,836)        (2,787)        (28,675)              –      (508,964)


    Net carrying amount                       3,159,272    2,989,306       93,262        99,323          3,903          55,565       8,771,908    15,172,539


    At 1 January 2022, net of accumulated
      depreciation and impairment             3,159,272    2,989,306       93,262        99,323          3,903          55,565      8,771,908     15,172,539
    Additions                                    89,109      336,982      207,352       219,740          5,715               –     30,283,366     31,142,264
    Disposals                                         –          312            –           (43)             –               –         (3,153)        (2,884)
    Transfer                                  6,493,690    2,241,381      165,829        31,056              –               –     (8,945,871)       (13,915)
    Depreciation provided during the year      (113,406)    (521,346)     (72,990)      (48,339)        (1,715)        (12,576)             –       (770,372)


    At 31 December 2022 net of accumulated
    depreciation and impairment               9,628,665    5,046,635      393,453       301,737          7,903          42,989     30,106,250     45,527,632


    At 31 December 2022
    Cost                                      9,895,266    5,530,374       508,246      382,682         12,404          84,240     30,106,250     46,519,462
    Accumulated depreciation and impairment    (266,601)    (483,739)     (114,793)     (80,945)        (4,501)        (41,251)             –       (991,830)


    Net carrying amount                       9,628,665    5,046,635      393,453       301,737          7,903          42,989     30,106,250     45,527,632



                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022            155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      21. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
              The Group was still in the process of obtaining property ownership certificates for certain buildings with a net
              carrying amount of RMB2,546,910,000 (2021: RMB1,943,612,000).


              Property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB975,977,000 (2021: RMB1,003,207,000)
              was pledged as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.


              As at 31 December 2021, Certain construction in progress with net carrying amount of RMB2,165,474,000 was
              constructed on two parcels of land which the Group was still in the process of obtaining the land certificates. The
              Group obtained the land certificates of the two land parcels in January 2022.


              During the year ended 31 December 2022, the government subsidies related to assets of approximately
              RMB44,765,000 (2021: RMB3,109,000) were received and deducted from cost of related assets.


      22. Right-of-use assets

                                                                                 Leasehold             Lease
                                                                                      lands       properties              Total
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


              At 1 January 2021                                                     520,454           16,130           536,584
              Additions                                                             267,869           21,297           289,166
              Depreciation                                                          (13,702)           (6,759)         (20,461)
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                             (161,915)                –         (161,915)


              At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                612,706           30,668           643,374
              Additions                                                             920,862          114,304         1,035,166
              Depreciation                                                          (28,602)         (23,708)          (52,310)
              Early termination of leases                                                     –        (8,053)           (8,053)


              At 31 December 2022                                                 1,504,966          113,211         1,618,177




156   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




22. Right-of-use assets (continued)

                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


     Depreciation expenses on right-of-use assets                                             52,310              20,461
     Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                         4,691                  695
     Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in cost of sales,
       selling expenses and administrative expenses)                                          83,311              19,720
     Expenses relating to leases of low value assets
       (included in selling expenses and administrative expenses)                              1,665                2,982



    Details of total cash outflow for leases is set out in note 47(c).


    During the year, the Group leases various factories and office premise for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated
    on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and
    assessing the length of non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the
    period for which the contract is enforceable.


    Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 3 year to 5 years. No extension options and termination options
    are included in the lease contracts.


    Right-of-use assets with carrying amounts of approximately RMB455,500,000 (2021: RMB167,356,000) was pledged
    as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.


23. Goodwill

                                                                                                                RMB’000


     Cost
     At 1 January 2021                                                                                           140,097
     Disposal of controlling interest in subsidiaries (note 47(a))                                              (140,097)


     At 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022                                                            –


     Accumulated impairment losses
     At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021, 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022                                            –


     Carrying amount
     At 31 December 2022                                                                                                 –


     At 31 December 2021                                                                                                 –


                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      24. Intangible assets

                                                       Computer                                 Development
                                                        software     Trademarks      Patents           costs     Others       Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000


              Cost
              At 1 January 2021                           34,790            19      925,492         362,873           –   1,323,174
              Additions – internal development                   –            –      55,138          93,345           –    148,483
              Additions – acquired                        52,943              –            –               –      2,250     55,193
              Acquired from an associate                         –            4     323,917                –          –    323,921
              Disposal of subsidiaries                   (11,879)           (19)    (202,171)              –          –    (214,069)
              Transfer                                           –            –     258,119         (258,119)         –           –


              At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022      75,854              4    1,360,495        198,099       2,250   1,636,702
              Additions – internal development            51,290              –            –        369,753         932    421,975
              Transfer                                    12,771              –      89,353          (89,353)     1,144     13,915


              At 31 December 2022                        139,915              4    1,449,848        478,499       4,326   2,072,592


              Accumulated depreciation and
                impairment
              At 1 January 2021                            7,318              6     539,008                –          –    546,332
              Charge for the year                          7,019              3      76,221                –        188     83,431
              Impairment for the year                            –            –           15               –          –          15
              Disposal of subsidiaries                    (4,489)            (9)     (63,585)              –          –     (68,083)


              At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022       9,848              –     551,659                –        188    561,695
              Charge for the year                         12,474              1     124,527                –        618    137,620


              At 31 December 2022                         22,322              1     676,186                –        806    699,315


              Carrying amount
              At 31 December 2021                         66,006              4     808,836         198,099       2,062   1,075,007


              At 31 December 2022                        117,593              3     773,662         478,499       3,520   1,373,277



              Computer software was purchased by the Group and has finite useful life. The computer software is stated at
              cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses, and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its
              estimated useful life of not more than 10 years.




158   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2022




24. Intangible assets (continued)
    Trademarks were acquired in a business combination and recognised at fair values at the acquisition date.
    Trademarks have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated
    on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of 10 years.


    Patents have finite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 10 years.


    Development costs are internally generated. The development costs mainly represent staff costs, materials and
    utilities used in development of technologies for battery production. The estimated useful lives of these projects will
    be determined after completion based on the period of time to generate probable economic benefits. Development
    costs are amortised using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding
    10 years. The development costs of relevant technology would be transferred to patents if they can be successfully
    patented.


    The average remaining amortisation period (in years) for the Group’s intangible assets at end of reporting periods
    are:


                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                  (years)             (years)


     Computer software                                                                                6.9                 8.6
     Trademarks                                                                                       2.9                 3.5
     Patents                                                                                          8.4                 7.1
     Others                                                                                           6.4                 4.6
     Development cost                                                                                 N/A                 N/A


    Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs) must be tested for impairment annually. At
    31 December 2022, Xiamen Company CGU and Jiangsu Company CGU have certain development costs not yet
    available for use. The recoverable amounts of the CGUs were determined on the basis of their value-in-use using
    discounted cash flow method. The Group prepares Xiamen Company CGU and Jiangsu Company CGU cash flow
    forecasts derived from the most recent financial budgets approved by the Directors for the period up to year 2027
    and with the residual period using growth rate of 0%. 2026 is the year that the Xiamen Company CGU and Jiangsu
    Company CGU expected to attain their effective capacity and stabilized operating efficiency.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022        159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      24. Intangible assets (continued)
              The Xiamen Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions:


              Key assumptions                                                                      2022                2021


              Sales volume – Attainment of long term annual sales volume                       Gradually           Gradually
                                                                                           attaining 17.5    attaining 17.6
                                                                                         GWh in FY2027      GWh in FY2026


              Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment of                     11.7%                12%
                 time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU


              The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
              remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts:


              Change in key assumptions                                                            2022                2021


              Sales volume                                                               Expected annual Expected annual
                                                                                            sales volume        sales volume
                                                                                          reduced by 1.5    reduced by 2.1
                                                                                             GWh for all        GWh for all
                                                                                             years across       years across
                                                                                             the forecast       the forecast
                                                                                                  period             period


              Discount rate (post-tax)                                                        Increase of        Increase of
                                                                                         discount rate of   discount rate of
                                                                                                   1.1%               1.9%


              Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Xiamen Company
              CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
              The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 11% (2021: 20%) as
              at end of reporting period.




160   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




24. Intangible assets (continued)
    The Jiangsu Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions:


    Key assumptions                                                                                             2022

    Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual sales volume                                             Gradually
                                                                                                       attaining 38.2
                                                                                                    GWh in FY2027


    Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment of                                           10.9%
      time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU


    The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
    remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts:


    Change in key assumptions                                                                                   2022

    Sales volume                                                                                    Expected annual
                                                                                                        sales volume
                                                                                                     reduced by 2.3
                                                                                                         GWh for all
                                                                                                         years across
                                                                                                         the forecast
                                                                                                               period


    Discount rate (post-tax)                                                                              Increase of
                                                                                                    discount rate of
                                                                                                                  1%


    Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Jiangsu Company
    CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
    The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 9% as at end of
    reporting period.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022        161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. Investments in subsidiaries
              The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
              Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.


              Name                                                                                  Chengdu Company
                                                                                                        2022              2021


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                       PRC               PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                   49%/49%           49%/49%


                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Non-current assets                                                                   6,035,793           383,535
              Current assets                                                                       2,465,548           255,392
              Non-current liabilities                                                             (3,821,794)                 –
              Current liabilities                                                                 (1,634,779)          (11,308)


              Net assets                                                                           3,044,768           627,619


              Accumulated NCI                                                                      1,416,967           145,098




                                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Revenue                                                                              1,344,170                  –
              Cost of sales                                                                       (1,306,109)                 –
              Gross profit                                                                            38,061                  –
              Loss before tax                                                                        (26,707)            (4,556)
              Loss for the year                                                                        (4,350)           (3,881)
              Total comprehensive expense                                                              (4,350)           (3,881)


              Loss allocated to NCI                                                                    (2,132)           (1,902)


              Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                 302,841             (4,585)
              Net cash used in investing activities                                               (5,456,940)         (606,177)
              Net cash generated from financing activities                                         5,779,890           631,500


              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                              625,791            20,738




162   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
    The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
    Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations. (cont’d)


     Name                                                                                  Wuhan Company
                                                                                              2022                2021


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                      PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                  49%/49%             49%/49%


                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Non-current assets                                                                  4,517,707             276,763
     Current assets                                                                      1,859,792             674,427
     Non-current liabilities                                                            (1,628,911)                    –
     Current liabilities                                                                (1,561,732)            (54,080)


     Net assets                                                                          3,186,856             897,110


     Accumulated NCI                                                                     1,486,590             439,584




                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                             1,040,301                     –
     Cost of sales                                                                      (1,011,571)                    –
     Gross profit                                                                           28,730                     –
     Profit/(loss) before tax                                                               38,116               (3,851)
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                                             36,747               (2,890)
     Total comprehensive income/(expense)                                                   36,747               (2,890)


     Profit/(loss) allocated to NCI                                                         18,006               (1,416)


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                518,063               (1,875)
     Net cash used in investing activities                                              (4,444,079)           (439,648)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                                        3,776,992             900,000


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                 (149,024)            458,477




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022        163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
              The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
              Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations. (cont’d)


              Name                                                                                    Hefei Company
                                                                                                        2022               2021


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                       PRC               PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                   80%/49%           80%/49%


                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Non-current assets                                                                   4,740,580            25,480
              Current assets                                                                       1,246,511           275,531
              Non-current liabilities                                                             (1,996,185)                 –
              Current liabilities                                                                 (1,084,661)            (1,577)


              Net assets                                                                           2,906,245           299,434


              Accumulated NCI                                                                      1,988,996           239,548




                                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Revenue                                                                                117,550                  –
              Cost of sales                                                                         (105,261)                 –
              Gross profit                                                                            12,289                  –
              Loss before tax                                                                        (21,361)              (753)
              Loss for the year                                                                      (13,190)              (565)
              Total comprehensive expense                                                            (13,190)              (565)


              Loss/profit allocated to NCI                                                           (10,552)              (452)


              Net cash used in operating activities                                                  (11,874)              (682)
              Net cash used in investing activities                                               (4,664,967)          (23,977)
              Net cash generated from financing activities                                         4,597,497           300,000
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                  7,667                  –


              Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                   (71,677)          275,341




164   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
    The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
    Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations. (cont’d)


     Name                                                                                   Fujian Company
                                                                                              2022                2021


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                      PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                  49%/49%                    N/A


                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Non-current assets                                                                  1,532,504                     –
     Current assets                                                                      2,213,459                     –
     Non-current liabilities                                                              (298,565)                    –
     Current liabilities                                                                (1,304,976)                    –


     Net assets                                                                          2,142,422                     –


     Accumulated NCI                                                                     1,176,697                     –




                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                                 8,559                     –
     Cost of sales                                                                           (7,232)                   –
     Gross profit                                                                            1,327                     –
     Profit before tax                                                                       1,896                     –
     Profit for the year                                                                     1,422                     –
     Total comprehensive income                                                              1,422                     –


     Profit allocated to NCI                                                                    697                    –


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                           93,572                     –
     Net cash used in investing activities                                              (1,477,329)                    –
     Net cash generated from financing activities                                        2,519,244                     –


     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           1,135,487                     –




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022        165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
              The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
              Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations. (cont’d)


              Name                                                                                  Jiangmen Company
                                                                                                        2022               2021


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                       PRC               PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                   49%/49%                  N/A


                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Non-current assets                                                                   2,185,970                  –
              Current assets                                                                       1,169,404                  –
              Non-current liabilities                                                               (267,836)                 –
              Current liabilities                                                                   (928,978)                 –


              Net assets                                                                           2,158,560                  –


              Accumulated NCI                                                                        682,844                  –




                                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Revenue                                                                                       –                 –
              Cost of sales                                                                                 –                 –
              Gross profit                                                                                  –                 –
              Loss before tax                                                                          (8,576)                –
              Loss for the period/year                                                                 (6,440)                –
              Total comprehensive expense                                                              (6,440)                –


              Loss allocated to NCI                                                                    (3,156)                –


              Net cash generated from operating activities                                           331,367                  –
              Net cash used in investing activities                                               (1,859,527)                 –
              Net cash generated from financing activities                                         2,428,836                  –


              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                              900,676                  –




166   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
    The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
    Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations. (cont’d)


     Name                                                                                  Sichuan Company
                                                                                              2022                2021


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                      PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                  49%/49%             49%/49%


                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Non-current assets                                                                  1,152,955                     –
     Current assets                                                                        244,314                     –
     Non-current liabilities                                                                   (169)                   –
     Current liabilities                                                                  (391,045)                    –


     Net assets                                                                          1,006,055                     –


     Accumulated NCI                                                                       444,047                     –




                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                                       –                   –
     Cost of sales                                                                                 –                   –
     Gross profit                                                                                  –                   –
     Loss before tax                                                                         (2,288)                   –
     Loss for the year                                                                       (1,945)                   –
     Total comprehensive expense                                                             (1,945)                   –


     Loss allocated to NCI                                                                     (953)                   –


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                           66,378                     –
     Net cash used in investing activities                                              (1,051,400)                    –
     Net cash generated from financing activities                                        1,007,827                     –


     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                              22,805                     –




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022        167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)
              The following table shows information on the subsidiary that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
              Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations. (cont’d)


                                                                                                                      Luoyang
              Name                                                                                                   Company
                                                                                                                           As at
                                                                                                                  7 November
                                                                                                                           2021


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                                          PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                               25.63%/25.63%


                                                                                                                      RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (Re-presented)


              Non-current assets                                                                                     2,559,234
              Current assets                                                                                         2,335,424
              Non-current liabilities                                                                                 (174,552)
              Current liabilities                                                                                   (3,155,393)


              Net assets                                                                                             1,564,713


              Accumulated NCI                                                                                          401,036




168   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




25. Investments in subsidiaries (continued)

                                                                                                  For the
                                                                                             period from
                                                                                      1 January 2021 to
                                                                                      7 November 2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000
                                                                                          (Re-presented)


     Revenue                                                                                    1,169,553
     Cost of sales                                                                             (1,039,150)
     Gross profit                                                                                 130,403
     Loss before tax                                                                             (100,514)
     Loss for the period                                                                          (96,447)
     Total comprehensive expense                                                                  (96,612)


     Loss allocated to NCI                                                                        (24,719)


     Net cash generated from operating activities                                                 773,023
     Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (348,986)
     Net cash used in financing activities                                                       (467,443)


     Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (43,406)


26. Investments in associates

                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Unlisted investments:
     Share of net assets                                                       16,351             657,416
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                          –           626,250
     Less: Impairment loss – Note (b)                                                 –          (178,700)


                                                                               16,351           1,104,966




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      26. Investments in associates (continued)
              Details of the Group’s associates are as follows:


                                                                                                         Ownership
                                                        Place of               Particulars of               interest
                                                        incorporation               paid up/     As at attributable    Voting    Profit
              Name                                      and operations registered capital 31 December to the Group     power    sharing   Principal activities


              滄州明珠鋰電隔膜有限公司                              The PRC                       Paid-up    2021           N/A      N/A       N/A    Manufacturing and retailing of
                Cangzhou Mingzhu Lithium                                            capital of                                              battery permeable
                Battery Diaphragm Co., Ltd.                                 RMB118,400,000                                                  membrane
                (“Cangzhou Mingzhu”) *@


              CALB USA INC. (“CALB USA”) @              The United States             Paid-up    2021           N/A      N/A       N/A    Sales of lithium-ion battery
                                                          (the “USA”)               capital of
                                                                                 US$100,000


              Luoyang Company – Note (b)                The PRC                       Paid-up    2021          49%       49%      49%     Design, research and
                                                                                    capital of                                              development manufacturing
                                                                            RMB990,867,000                                                  and sales of EV battery for
                                                                                                                                            civil and military industrial
                                                                                                                                            use and ESS products


              上海泛能新材料科技有限公司                             The PRC             Paid-up capital of   2021           N/A      N/A       N/A    Development and consultancy
                Shanghai Fanneng New Material                                 RMB4,846,000                                                  services of lithium-ion
                Technology Co., Ltd. *   @
                                                                                                                                            battery


              大陸凱博動力電源系統(常州)有限公司                        The PRC                    Registered    2021           N/A      N/A       N/A    Production and development
                Continental Kaibo Power System                                      capital of                                              of battery
                (Changzhou) Co., Ltd. *      #
                                                                            RMB130,000,000


              凱博(海南)私募基金管理有限公司                          The PRC                       Paid-up    2021          30%       30%      30%     Private equity fund
                Kaibo (Hainan) Private Equity                                       capital of   2022          30%       30%      30%       management
                Fund Management Co., Ltd. *                                  RMB10,000,000


              江蘇動力及儲能電池創新中心有限公司 The PRC                                               Paid-up    2021          48%       48%      48%     Engineering and technical
                Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage                                    capital of   2022          48%       48%      48%       research and experimental
                Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd. *                        RMB30,000,000                                                  development


              四川甘眉新航新能源資源有限責任公司 The PRC                                            Registered    2022          40%       40%      40%     Research and development of
                                                                                    capital of                                              emerging energy technology,
                                                                            RMB800,000,000                                                  mineral washing and
                                                                                                                                            processing and the
                                                                                                                                            exploration of mineral
                                                                                                                                            resources



170   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




26. Investments in associates (continued)
    #        The associate was dissolved on 22 April 2021.

    *        The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity in in Chinese.

    @        The entities ceased to be associates of the Group after the Company disposed 51% of equity interest in Luoyang Company, a
             company directly held the equity interest in such entities, in November 2021.

    Notes:

    (a)      All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

    (b)      The Group has disposed of 51% equity interests of Luoyang Company to 江蘇金壇金城科技產業發展有限公司 (“Jincheng
             Technology”) on 8 November 2021 at the original consideration of RMB1,530 million. Upon completion of the disposal, the Group
             lost its control over Luoyang Company and accounted for as an associate with 23.37% retained equity interests. In November 2021,
             the Company acquired 25.63% equity interest of Luoyang Company from non-controlling interest shareholders. The Group had 49%
             equity interests in Luoyang Company as at 31 December 2021.

             On 31 December 2021, Luoyang Company entered into entrusted processing framework agreement with the Company that had
             resulted in material change in the recoverable amount of Luoyang Company. As a result, the carrying amount of the 49% equity
             interests in Luoyang Company was determined to be impaired to its recoverable amount of RMB1,087.8 million with reference to the
             fair value of the net assets of Luoyang Company as at 31 December 2021. An impairment loss of RMB178.7 million was recognised
             in the year ended 31 December 2021.

    (c)      On 31 December 2021, Luoyang Company entered into entrusted processing framework agreement with the Company that would
             affect Luoyang Company’s financial forecast. On 2 March 2022, Jintan Group entered into Non-Competition Agreement which
             resulted in material change in the operation mode and profit forecast of Luoyang Company, and reaffirming the financial impact
             implied by the entrusted processing framework agreement. Considering the impact of the Non-Competition Agreement, on 2 March
             2022, the Company and Jincheng Technology entered into a supplemental agreement in respect of the 51% equity interests of
             Luoyang Company disposed by the Company to Jincheng Technology in November 2021, pursuant to which, the Company agreed
             to compensate Jincheng Technology in the amount of RMB397.8 million (being the difference between the market valuation of
             Luoyang Company at 31 December 2020 and the valuation of Luoyang Company as of 31 December 2021 multiply by 51%) (the
             “Compensation Arrangement”). Regulatory approvals by relevant state-owned assets supervision and administration department
             were required for the aforementioned disposal as well as the related compensation payment. The Company had the duty to report
             the resultant impact on operation mode and profit forecast of Luoyang Company once entering the entrusted processing framework
             agreement on 31 December 2021 and seek the approval from the relevant state-owned assets supervision and administration
             department for approval of adjustment of the original consideration for the Luoyang Company 51% equity interests disposal. The
             approval from state-owned assets supervision and administration department regarding the compensation amount was issued in
             March 2022. The compensation payment has a natural link to the original consideration of disposal. The Compensation Arrangement
             is an adjusting event after the reporting date, as that provides additional evidence for determination of the final consideration of
             disposing Luoyang Company 51% equity interests (by way of compensation payment to Jincheng Technology) related to conditions
             existed at the end of reporting period.

             The compensation payment of RMB397.8 million was accounted for as a reduction of the original consideration of disposing
             Luoyang Company 51% equity interests amounted to RMB1,530 million, and the resulting consideration net of compensation is
             RMB1,132.2 million. Details are set out in note 47(a).




                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022       171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      26. Investments in associates (continued)
              Notes: (continued)

              (d)     On 3 March 2022, the Company entered into equity transfer agreement with 江蘇金航控股有限公司（“Jinhang Holding”), pursuant
                      to which the Company agreed to sell and Jinhang Holding agreed to purchase the Company’s remaining 49% of equity interests in
                      Luoyang Company at a consideration of RMB1,087.8 million. The disposal resulted in a loss on disposal of associate of approximately
                      RMB0.5 million.


                      The equity transfer agreement further provides that, during the transition period from 1 January 2022 to the date of disposal (i.e. 9
                      March 2022), the profit or loss of Luoyang Company shall be shared by Jinhang Holding. The Group has accounted for its remaining
                      equity interests in Luoyang Company by the equity method as prescribed in lAS 28 – Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
                      during the aforementioned transition period and recorded RMB14,775,000 as its share of profit in Luoyang Company, Due to
                      the operation of the above agreement for transition period profit or loss allocation, the Group has reversed the share of profit in
                      Luoyang Company to Jinhang Holding for the period from 1 January 2022 to 9 March 2022 amounted to RMB14,775,000 in share
                      of losses of associates for the year ended 31 December 2022.


                      The following table shows information on the associates that are material to the Group. The summarised financial information
                      presented is based on the audited financial statements or management accounts of the associates prepared based on the local
                      accounting standards and further adjusted to comply with IFRSs by the Company’s directors.



                                                                                                                           CALB               Cangzhou
                                                                                                                             USA               Mingzhu
                                                                                                                            2021                  2021
                                                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000


                       Non-current assets                                                                                        –                      –
                       Current assets                                                                                            –                      –
                       Non-current liabilities                                                                                   –                      –
                       Current liabilities                                                                                       –                      –


                       Net assets                                                                                                –                      –




172   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022




26. Investments in associates (continued)
    Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in CALB USA and Cangzhou Mingzhou:


                                                                                       CALB          Cangzhou
                                                                                        USA           Mingzhu
                                                                                       2021                2021
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


     Proportion of the ownership                                                            –                   –
     Groups share of net assets                                                             –                   –
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                –                   –


     Carrying amount of the investment                                                      –                   –



                                                                                       CALB          Cangzhou
                                                                                        USA           Mingzhu
                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                                period from        period from
                                                                                  1 January           1 January
                                                                                    2021 to             2021 to
                                                                                7 November         7 November
                                                                                       2021                2021
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


     Revenue                                                                         79,021             246,754
     Profit from operations                                                           6,045              79,219
     Other comprehensive expense                                                        (412)                   –
     Total comprehensive income                                                       5,633              79,219
     Dividend income from associates                                                        –                   –



                                                                                       2021                2021
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


     Non-current assets                                                                     –                   –
     Current assets                                                                         –                   –
     Non-current liabilities                                                                –                   –


     Net assets                                                                             –                   –




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022        173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      26. Investments in associates (continued)

                                                                                              Luoyang
                                                                                              Company
                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                              RMB’000
                                                                                         (Re-presented)


              Non-current assets                                                             2,450,693
              Current assets                                                                 2,617,963
              Non-current liabilities                                                         (135,100)
              Current liabilities                                                            (3,339,103)


              Net assets                                                                     1,594,453


              Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in Luoyang Company:


                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                              RMB’000


              Proportion of the ownership                                                         49%
              Group’s share of net assets                                                      781,282
              Unrealised profit                                                               (155,142)
              Financial guarantees                                                              14,110
              Goodwill on acquisition                                                          626,250
              Impairment                                                                      (178,700)


              Carrying amount of the investment                                              1,087,800



                                                                               For the          For the
                                                                           period from     period from
                                                                             1 January     8 November
                                                                               2022 to         2021 to
                                                                              8 March     31 December
                                                                                 2022             2021
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


              Revenue                                                         455,581          527,544
              Profit from operations                                            24,208         239,726
              Other comprehensive expense                                            –              (40)
              Total comprehensive income                                        24,208         239,686
              Dividend income from associates                                        –                –

174   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2022




26. Investments in associates (continued)
    The following table shows, in aggregate, the Group’s share of the amounts of all individually immaterial associates
    that are accounted for using the equity method.


                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Carrying amounts of interests                                                          16,351              17,166




                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Loss for the year/period, net                                                             (815)               (335)
     Other comprehensive income                                                                    –                   –


     Total comprehensive income                                                                (815)               (335)



    The Group has not recognised loss amounting to approximately RMB Nil (2021: RMB101,000). The accumulated
    losses not recognised at the end of reporting period were approximately RMB Nil (2021: RMB Nil).


    The bank and cash balances of the Group’s associates in the PRC denominated in RMB amounted to RMB29,957,000
    (2021: RMB651,798,000). Conversion of the mentioned balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign
    currencies into RMB is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
    Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


27. Inventories

                                                                                              2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


     Raw materials                                                                       3,612,561           1,079,889
     Work in progress                                                                    3,210,146             192,848
     Finished goods                                                                      4,999,240             484,047


                                                                                        11,821,947           1,756,784




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022        175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      28. Trade and bills receivables

                                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000

              Trade receivables
              Receivables from third parties                                                           3,609,901           1,477,522
              Due from related parties (note 30)                                                             330            666,037
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                               (27,876)            (37,191)


                                                                                                       3,582,355           2,106,368
              Bills receivables                                                                        1,753,102            608,336


                                                                                                       5,335,457           2,714,704



              The credit terms, being granted to independent third parties, are generally within 90 days. Each customer has a
              maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain
              strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.


              The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date, and net of allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


              0 to 180 days                                                                            3,518,891           2,077,688
              181 to 365 days                                                                             44,688               7,559
              1 – 2 years                                                                                 18,776             21,121


                                                                                                       3,582,355           2,106,368



              Reconciliation of allowance for trade receivables:


                                                                                                            2022               2021
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


              At 1 January                                                                                37,191            119,614
              (Reversal of allowance)/allowance for the year, net                                          (9,315)           26,600
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                          –           (109,023)


              At 31 December                                                                              27,876             37,191




176   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




28. Trade and bills receivables (continued)
    The fair values of trade and bills receivables of the Group approximated to their carrying amounts.


    Bills receivables represent short-term bank acceptance bills receivables that entitle the Group to receive the full
    face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 12 months from the date of issuance.
    Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills receivable, The Group from time to time endorses
    bank acceptance bills to suppliers in order to settle trade payables and discounts bank acceptance bills to banks in
    order to obtain working capital.


    The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amount on
    a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety.
    These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less than 12 months from the end of the Reporting
    Period. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
    of these bills and has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure
    in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivables under the relevant PRC rules and regulations, should
    the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are
    of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is remote. The Group’s
    maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is same as the amount payable by the Group
    to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
    amounted to RMB2,594,909,000 (2021: RMB111,950,000).


    The Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and has derecognised
    these bank acceptance bills in their entirety. These discounted bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less
    than 12 months from the end of the Reporting Period. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred
    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and the Group has minimum exposure in respect
    of the settlement obligation of these bills under the commercial practice in the PRC, should the issuing banks fail
    to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality
    and chance of non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity date is remote. The Group’s maximum
    exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
    amounted to RMB940,033,000 (2021: RMB Nil).




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      28. Trade and bills receivables (continued)
              Bills receivable of RMB108,810,000 (2021: RMB Nil) were discounted to banks or other financial institutions with
              recourse, where substantially the risks and rewards of ownership had not been transferred respectively, hence these
              discounted bills were not derecognised.


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2022                2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                   5,306,777         2,707,451
              US$                                                                                      25,490                7,120
              EUR                                                                                       3,190                 133


                                                                                                    5,335,457         2,714,704




178   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2022




29. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables

                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     3,312,789           1,675,984
    Prepayments                                                                        1,606,139             571,998
    Other tax receivables                                                              4,471,178           1,042,216
    Government subsidies receivable                                                       14,250                     –
    Other deposits                                                                        54,398              28,176
    Other receivables                                                                      3,903                3,359


                                                                                       9,462,657           3,321,733


    Analysed as:
    Non-current assets                                                                 3,312,789           1,675,984
    Current assets                                                                     6,149,868           1,645,749


                                                                                       9,462,657           3,321,733



    Deposit of RMB Nil (2021:RMB24,000,000) were paid to 常州市金壇區東鋰新能源科技發展有限公司 (“Dongli
    New Energy Technology”), a subsidiary of a shareholder of the Company, for purchasing property, plant and
    equipment. The amounts were non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest free and non-refundable.


    Reconciliation of allowances for prepayments, deposits and other receivables:


                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    At 1 January                                                                           4,679                6,727
    Allowance for the year                                                                 3,157                  682
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                     –             (2,730)


    At 31 December                                                                         7,836                4,679




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022        179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      29. Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (continued)
              The carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are denominated in the following
              currencies:


                                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000          RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                9,094,608        3,321,128
              US$                                                                                    1,769              605
              EUR                                                                                    4,638                 –
              HKD                                                                                      754                 –
              JPY                                                                                  360,888                 –


                                                                                                 9,462,657        3,321,733



      30. Balances with related parties

                                                                                                      2022             2021
                                                                                   Note           RMB’000          RMB’000

              Trade receivables
              – Luoyang Company                                                                        330          666,037
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                –          (10,783)


                                                                                    28                 330          655,254


              Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment
              Non-trade related
              – Dongli New Energy Technology                                        29                    –          24,000


              Amounts due from related parties
              Trade-related:
              – Luoyang Company                                                     (iii)          951,956          813,073
              Non-trade related:
              – Luoyang Company                                                                           –         132,278
              – Huake Engineering    *
                                                                                                       314              536
              – Jincheng Technology                                                                       –         979,200


                                                                                                   952,270        1,925,087
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                            (116)             (155)


                                                                                                   952,154        1,924,932

180   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




30. Balances with related parties (Continued)

                                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                         Note               RMB’000             RMB’000

     Trade payables
     – Luoyang Company                                                                     33                646,562             203,526


     Amounts due to related parties
     Non-trade related:
     – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction#                                                                       469,356                9,814
     – Luoyang Company                                                                                          2,156              12,890
     – Huake Engineering                                                                                          140                 160


                                                                                                             471,652               22,864


     Total amounts due to related parties                                                                    471,652               22,864
     Less: Amounts due to related parties – current portion                                                 (471,652)             (22,864)


     Total amount due to related parties
     – non-current portion                                                                                              –                –


    *        Huake Engineering represents 常州華科工程建設有限公司.

    #        Jiangsu Chengdong Construction represents 江蘇城東建設工程有限公司.

    Notes:

    (i)      The trade-related outstanding balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable within credit term
             180 days.

    (ii)     The non-trade related balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.

    (iii)    The balance represents the prepayment for the purchase of goods in accordance with the contractual term.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022      181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      31. Other financial assets
              (a)     Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


                       Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (i)                          75,662                  –
                       Investment in a unlisted debt instrument, at fair value (ii)                     149,263                   –
                       Investments in structured products, at fair value (iii)                                  –        3,713,705


                                                                                                        224,925          3,713,705


                       Analysed as:
                       Current assets                                                                     75,662         3,713,705
                       Non-current assets                                                               149,263                   –


                       Current assets                                                                   224,925          3,713,705



                      (i)     The Group invested RMB100 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and listed in the Shenzhen
                              Stock Exchange and owned approximately 0.5% equity interests in the company. The fair value of the
                              investment is based on current bid price.


                      (ii)    The Group invested RMB149.5 million in a limited liability partnership (“LLP”) set up in the PRC and
                              being a limited partner. The investment period for LLP is six years and can be extended by one year if
                              all partners agree. Such investment is a debt instrument and the fair value of such investment is based
                              on the net assets value of the LLP.


                      (iii)   The Group invested in certain short term structured products offered by bank in the PRC. The
                              principals of investment were guaranteed by the bank under normal circumstances (except for forced
                              majeure situations). The structured products offer variable returns ranged from 0.85% p.a. to 3.00%
                              p.a. (2021: 0.8% p.a. to 3.3% p.a.) which depends on the settlement price of gold, market price of
                              certain listed funds, ETF, index and exchange rate of foreign currency, at the end of the investment
                              period of the structured products.


                              The fair value of the commodity linked structured products are based on the principals plus accrued
                              returns estimated by the expected average returns on those contracts.


                      The carrying amount of the above financial assets are mandatorily measured at FVTPL in accordance with IFRS
                      9.


                      The investment in a listed equity security offers the Group’s the opportunity for return through dividend
                      income and fair value gains. It has no fixed maturity or coupon rate.


                      The Group’s financial assets at FVTPL are denominated in RMB.




182   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




31. Other financial assets (continued)
    (b)   Financial assets at FVTOCI

                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


           Certificate of deposit (i)                                                         101,428           2,468,870
           Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (ii)                         234,590                   –
           Investment in unlisted equity security, at fair value (iii)                        286,712                   –


                                                                                              622,730           2,468,870


           Analysed as:
           Current assets                                                                     101,428           2,468,870
           Non-current assets                                                                 521,302                   –


                                                                                              622,730           2,468,870


          (i)     The Group invested in “3-year certificate of deposit” offered by bank in the PRC with the terms that
                  the Group could not withdraw the deposits in advance but could sell them to others. The annual
                  interest rates are fixed in the range of 3.15% p.a. to 3.79% p.a. (2021: 3.15% p.a. to 3.79% p.a.).
                  As the Group managed the above financial product with the objective of both the collection of
                  contractual cash flows and sale, it was recognised as financial assets at FVTOCI in the consolidated
                  financial statements.

          (ii)    The Group invested HK$392.5 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and dually listed in
                  the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and owned
                  approximately 0.3% equity interests in the company. Such investment is not held for trading and
                  the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. It is a strategic
                  investment and the Group considers this classification to be more relevant. The fair value of the
                  investment is based on current bid price.

          (iii)   The Group invested HK$360 million in a limited partnership fund (“LPF”) set up in Hong Kong. The
                  investment period for the LPF is indefinite. Such investment is not held for trading and the Group
                  has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. The fair value of such
                  investment is based on the net assets value of the LPF.

          The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets at FVTOCI are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


           RMB                                                                                101,428           2,468,870
           HKD                                                                                521,302                   –


                                                                                              622,730           2,468,870




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      32. Pledged bank deposits, restricted bank balances and bank and cash
          balances
              (a)     Pledged bank deposits
                      The Group’s pledged bank deposits represented deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities
                      granted to the Group for issuance of bank acceptance bills. The amount was denominated in RMB.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


              (b)     Restricted bank balances
                      The Group’s restricted bank balances represented bank balances restricted for construction of lithium-ion
                      battery manufacturing plant. The amount was denominated in RMB.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


              (c)     Bank and cash balances
                      Bank and cash balances of the Group and denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2022           2021
                                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


                      RMB                                                                         9,313,895        3,086,563
                      US$                                                                           106,797            17,861
                      HKD                                                                         1,445,687                 –
                      EUR                                                                            65,435             5,094


                                                                                                 10,931,814        3,109,518



                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.




184   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




33. Trade and bills payables

                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Trade payables
     Payables to third parties                                                              7,656,059           3,241,652
     Due to related parties (note 30)                                                         646,562             203,526
     Bills payables                                                                       13,344,141            2,871,688


                                                                                          21,646,762            6,316,866



    Bills payables were secured by bills receivables of RMB757,722,000 (2021: RMB476,004,000).


    The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods is as follows:


                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     0 to 180 days                                                                          8,297,125           3,439,948
     181 – 365 days                                                                              4,939                 976
     1 – 2 years                                                                                    11                 654
     Over 2 years                                                                                  546               3,600


                                                                                            8,302,621           3,445,178



    The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                  21,642,493            6,314,271
     US$                                                                                         4,269               2,595


                                                                                          21,646,762            6,316,866




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022        185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      34. ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000


              Deposits received                                                                                      380,581                82,074
              Accrued salaries                                                                                       279,685              139,657
              Accrued expenses                                                                                       359,096              142,838
              Fund advanced from government related entity (note)                                                 1,269,760               500,000
              Payable for property, plant and equipment                                                           4,697,186             1,207,095
              Other tax payables                                                                                      43,436                21,406
              Other payables                                                                                          60,465                25,709


                                                                                                                  7,090,209             2,118,779


              Note:   Finance Bureau of Xiamen City ultimately controlled certain shareholders of the Company and has significant influence over the
                      Group. During the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, the Group received certain funds from the Xiamen City government-
                      related entity. An amount of RMB500 million brought forwarded from year 2021 was recognised as government grant and
                      transferred to deferred income during the year. Another RMB675 million advanced from the Xiamen City government-related entity
                      during the year have not yet been recognised as government grant as at 31 December 2022 because the Group had not yet received
                      the official confirmation of intended conditions attaching to the grant.

                      During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group also received certain funds from the government – related entities of Jiangmen
                      City, Wuhan City and Pengshan District. The funds of RMB594.76 million have not yet been recognised as government grant as at
                      31 December 2022 as the Group had not yet received the official confirmation of meeting the conditions attaching to the grant.


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s accruals and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                         2022                 2021
                                                                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                                 7,036,779             2,098,449
              JPY                                                                                                     52,740                20,330
              EUR                                                                                                         690                     –


                                                                                                                  7,090,209             2,118,779




186   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2022




35. Contract liabilities
    Contract liabilities are mainly advance payments from customers. The amounts are expected to be recognised as
    revenue within 1 year from the end of the respective reporting period.


                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000

     Billings in advance of performance obligation
     – arising from sales of products                                                  490,532             106,918



    Movements in contract liabilities:


                                                                                          2022                2021
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


     Balance at beginning of year                                                      106,918              32,014
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in advance of
       battery sales                                                                   490,532             122,989
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising
       revenue during the year                                                        (106,918)            (32,014)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                  –           (16,071)


     Balance at end of year                                                            490,532             106,918




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022        187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      36. Deferred income

                                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Re-presented)


              Government subsidies                                                                          679,250            835,145


              Analysed as:
              Non-current liabilities                                                                       679,250            835,145



              The movements in deferred income related to government grants and subsidies during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (Re-presented)


              At 1 January                                                                                  835,145               8,327
              Received                                                                                      764,728               6,459
              Transferred from other payables                                                               500,000          1,000,000
              Transferred to property, plant and equipment                                                         –             (2,356)
              Released to profit or loss#                                                                (1,420,623)          (172,185)
              Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                             –             (5,100)


              At 31 December                                                                                679,250            835,145


              #       The government subsidies of approximately RMB1,417,311,000 (2021: RMB129,732,000) were released to profit or loss by
                      deducting the related cost of sales and expenses.


              Various government grants have been received for basic research and development activities. Government grants
              received for which related expenditure has not yet been undertaken are included in deferred income in the
              consolidated statement of financial position.


              Government grants related to assets are deducted from cost of related assets (note 21) and are recognised in profit
              or loss over the life of the depreciable assets as a reduced depreciation expense.




188   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




37. Lease liabilities

                                                                    Minimum                  Present value of minimum
                                                                lease payments                      lease payments
                                                                  2022               2021             2022             2021
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within one year                                            28,881          12,221             23,969            11,042
     In the second to fifth years, inclusive                   103,471          16,449             92,448            15,709


                                                               132,352          28,670            116,417            26,751
     Less: Future finance charges                              (15,935)          (1,919)               N/A               N/A


     Present value of lease obligations                        116,417          26,751            116,417            26,751


     Less: Amount due for settlement within 12
            months (shown under current liabilities)                                               (23,969)         (11,042)


     Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                                     92,448            15,709



    The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities:


                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                                      %                   %


     Range from                                                                                     4.75                4.75



    The Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in RMB.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022        189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      38. Bank borrowings

                                                                                                2022         2021
                                                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000


              Bank borrowings                                                              17,707,476    2,890,647



              The borrowings are repayable as follows:


                                                                                                2022         2021
                                                                                            RMB’000      RMB’000


              Within one year                                                               2,479,634       3,647
              More than one year, but not exceeding two years                               1,265,720     240,469
              More than two years, but not more than five years                            10,599,004    1,713,390
              More than five years                                                          3,363,118     933,141


                                                                                           17,707,476    2,890,647


              Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months
                      (shown under current liabilities)                                    (2,479,634)      (3,647)


              Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                    15,227,842    2,887,000

              The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the RMB.


              The average interest rates at 31 December 2021 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                                2022         2021
                                                                                                   %            %


              Bank borrowings                                                                    4.06         4.41




190   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




38. Bank borrowings (continued)
    The following bank loans are arranged at fixed interest rates and expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.
    Other borrowings are arranged at floating rates, thus exposing the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.


                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


    Arranged at fixed interest rates                                                       3,578,534                     –



    As at 31 December 2022, bank loans of RMB10,993,530,000 (2021: RMB2,887,000,000), are secured by the
    Group’s property, plant and equipment of RMB975,977,000 (2021: RMB1,003,207,000) (note 21) and right-of-use
    assets of RMB455,500,000 (2021: RMB167,356,000) (note 22).




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022        191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      39. Provisions

                                                                                              Warranties            Litigations                  Total
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                  (note a)              (note b)


               At 1 January 2021                                                                    84,827                       –             84,827
               Additional provisions                                                              127,205                        –            127,205
               Disposal of subsidiaries                                                            (59,768)                      –            (59,768)
               Provisions used                                                                     (15,868)                      –            (15,868)


               At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                             136,396                        –            136,396
               Additional provisions                                                              382,154                  8,640              390,794
               Provisions used                                                                     (18,364)                      –            (18,364)


               At 31 December 2022                                                                500,186                  8,640              508,826


              Notes:

              (a)      A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products are sold. Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements,
                       the Group will rectify any product defects arising within predominantly 3 to 8 years from the date of sale. Provision is therefore
                       made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under these agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
                       warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical warranty data and a
                       weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

              (b)      As further set out in note 48(b), the Group has received civil judgements from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court regarding the Claims
                       related to Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV during November 2022 to February 2023. The civil judgements are the first instance
                       judgement, instead of the final effective judgement. The Group will appeal against the first instance judgement to the Supreme
                       Court and the Group is not required to pay the compensation amount in the first instance judgement at present.


              The analysis and views of the Company’s external legal advisors indicating the compensation amounts under the first
              instance judgements of Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV could be excessive. After assessment, the Directors estimate
              that the probable total compensation amount for the Claims related to Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV, if any, is
              RMB8,640,000.




192   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




40. Deferred tax
    Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                     change
                                                                                                 of financial
                                                                             Revaluation               assets         Accelerated
                                                                                of assets           at FVTPL         depreciation                  Total
                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                                                             43,074                     362                  4,653          48,089
    Disposal of subsidiaries                                                     (39,452)                      –                      –          (39,452)
    (Credit)/charge to profit or loss for
       the year (note 15)                                                          (3,622)              1,693                      (551)          (2,480)


    At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                   –          2,055                     4,102           6,157
    (Credit)/charge to profit or loss for
       the year (note 15)                                                                    –         (2,055)                  106,566         104,511


    At 31 December 2022                                                                      –                 –                110,668         110,668



    Deferred tax assets

                                                                               Allowance
                                                               Allowance         on trade        Deferred          Warranty
                                                Tax losses   on inventory      receivables        revenue          provision          Others         Total
                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


    At 1 January 2021                              66,528         10,567           17,941          24,764            12,724           15,099      147,623
    Disposal of subsidiaries                            –          (6,107)        (16,251)         (9,613)            (9,914)         (9,180)      (51,065)
    (Charge)/credit to profit or loss for
       the year (note 15)                           2,898           2,729           4,967         203,943            23,212           28,230      265,979


    At 31 December 2021 and
       1 January 2022                              69,426           7,189           6,657         219,094            26,022           34,149      362,537
    (Charge)/credit to profit or loss for the
       year (note 15)                             163,921         41,352           (2,450)        (66,514)           82,358          (13,961)     204,706
    Credit to other comprehensive income
       for the year                                     –               –               –               –                  –          15,137       15,137


    At 31 December 2022                           233,347         48,541            4,207         152,580           108,380           35,325      582,380



                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022        193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      40. Deferred tax (continued)
              Deferred tax assets (continued)
              As at 31 December 2022, deferred tax asset of RMB233,347,000 (2021: RMB69,426,000) was recognised in respect
              of unused tax losses of RMB1,095,900,000 (2021: RMB317,717,000). According to financial forecast, the Directors
              have exercised their judgement to assess that there will be sufficient future taxable profits available to offset against
              the unused tax losses. These tax losses are expected to expire after 5 to 10 years from the year of assessment they
              related to.


              No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of tax losses amounted to RMB953,387,000 (2021:
              RMB480,896,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.


      41. Financial guarantees
              The Company has provided guarantees in respect of bank loans and banking facilities granted to the Company’s
              subsidiaries and Luoyang Company. Pursuant to the terms of guarantees, if there are any defaults on the loans or
              similar balances, the Company is responsible to repay the outstanding principal together with accrued interests and
              other costs owed by the defaulting subsidiaries/associate to the banks. The Group and the Company have adopted
              the accounting policy for financial guarantee contracts as set out in note 5(s).


              The maximum potential liability of the Company at 31 December 2022 in respect of the amount of bank loans
              drawn and other banking facilities utilised by the subsidiaries (2021: subsidiaries and Luoyang Company) under the
              guarantees at that date is RMB2,890 million (2021: RMB500 million).


              The maximum potential liability of the Group at 31 December 2022 in respect of financial guarantee of bank loan
              granted to Luoyang Company was RMB Nil (2021: RMB140,000,000).




194   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2022




42. Put option liabilities

                                                                                                                  RMB’000


     At 1 January 2021                                                                                                     –
     Issue of puttable equity – Note (i)                                                                           926,620
     Changes in fair value during the year                                                                          14,512


     At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                                        941,132
     Issue of puttable equity – Note (i)                                                                         5,365,847
     Changes in fair value during the year                                                                        (275,669)
     Transferred to equity                                                                                      (6,031,310)


     At 31 December 2022                                                                                                   –



                                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     Analysed as:
     Current liabilities                                                                               –           941,132



    During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2022, the Company has signed investment agreements containing
    put options (“Written Put Option(s)”) with non-controlling interest shareholders of the Company’s subsidiaries
    namely, Chengdu Company, Wuhan Company, Hefei Company, Fujian Company, Jiangmen Company and Sichuan
    Company. The Written Put Options give the non-controlling interest shareholders the right to demand that the
    Company repurchases the equity interests of the subsidiaries held by the non-controlling shareholders within
    specified periods at the put option exercise prices.


    The Company has presented the Written Put Options as financial liabilities (i.e. put-option liabilities) with a
    corresponding debit entry to equity under reserve relating to the Written Put Options. According to the investment
    agreements, if the Company completes a listing of the Company’s shares on any domestic or foreign stock exchange,
    the Written Put Options will lapse automatically and at that time the related liabilities would be transferred to equity
    of the Company.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022        195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      42. Put option liabilities (continued)
              Terms of the Written Put Options are set out below:


              Subsidiary              Last day of exercise   Redemption amounts                            Fair value at 31 December
                                                                                                                 2022            2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


              Chengdu Company         29 May 2028            The higher of (i) value of equity interest
                                                               held by non-controlling shareholder as
                                                               determined by qualified professional
                                                               valuer and (ii) investment principal paid
                                                               by non-controlling interest shareholder            N/A         175,635


              Wuhan Company           15 July 2026           To be determined with reference to
                                                               valuation assessment of relevant
                                                               government regulating agency                       N/A         481,799


              Hefei Company           25 September 2028      The highest of (i) the value of equity
                                                               interest held by non – controlling
                                                               shareholder as determined by qualified
                                                               professional valuer and (ii) investment
                                                               principal paid by non-controlling
                                                               shareholder plus 6% p.a. simple interest           N/A         283,698


              Fujian Company          22 February 2027       To be determined with reference to
                                                               valuation assessment of relevant
                                                               government regulating agency                       N/A                  –


              Jiangmen Company        23 February 2030       To be determined with reference to
                                                               valuation assessment of relevant
                                                               government regulating agency                       N/A                  –


              Sichuan Company         2 April 2028           To be determined with reference to
                                                               valuation assessment of relevant
                                                               government regulating agency                       N/A                  –


                                                                                                                  N/A         941,132




196   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2022




42. Put option liabilities (continued)
    Note:

    (i)     The fair value of redemption amounts are estimated by the Directors using the amounts injected by non-controlling shareholders
            of the subsidiaries, the internal rate of return (“IRR”) of respective underlying projects and assuming the non-controlling interest
            shareholders will exercise the Written Put Options at end of the respective exercisable period. The Directors are of the opinion that
            the IRR used in the feasibility study of the underlying projects undertaken by the subsidiaries are the best estimate for the purpose
            of estimating the future redemption amounts payable by the Company. The IRR is ranged approximately from 8.9% to 13.5% (2021:
            from 11.4% to 13.5%). When measuring the financial liabilities of the Company and the Group for the Written Put Options, the
            Company’s discount rate of approximately 10.3% to 12.5% is used.


43. Share-based payments
    During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company approved and adopted a share incentive scheme (“2019
    Share Incentive Scheme”) involving 6 senior management, namely, Ms. Liu Jingyu, Dr. Pan Fangfang, Mr. Dai Ying,
    Mr. Geng Yan’an, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang and Mr. He Fan (collectively, the “Six Senior Management”). The purposes
    of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme are to retain and incentivise the Six Senior Management in relation to operation
    targets of a subsidiary, Xiamen Company.


    The Six Senior Management have formed a limited company, Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment (“Share Incentive
    Vehicle”). A limited partnership company, Lihang Jinzhi (“Partnership”) was formed, and the Share Incentive Vehicle
    and a related entity of a government shareholder of the Company (“Jinyuan Industry”) were required to contribute
    RMB10 million and RMB1,500 million, respectively to the Partnership. After that, the Partnership has subscribed for
    registered capital of the Company.


    The Partnership has a prescribed operation period of 10 years, and all investment proceeds of it (after deducting
    expenses and tax), including all distribution, interest and dividend from the Company will be distributed to the Share
    Incentive Vehicle and the Jinyuan Industry in the following manner:


    (a)     Distribute to the Share Incentive Vehicle and the Jinyuan Industry proportionally to their capital contribution
            of the Partnership until they fully recover their capital contributions to it;


    (b)     Any investment proceeds in excess of (a) above will be firstly distributed to the Jinyuan Industry in an amount
            that represent 6% annual return to its capital contribution to the Partnership;


    (c)     2 years after all legal and regulatory requirements for freely disposing the Partnership’s equity interest in the
            Company are fulfilled, and after the distributions in (a) and (b) above, the Partnership shall dispose of all its
            equity interest in the Company. 20% of the net proceeds from the disposal will be distributed to the Share
            Incentive Vehicle and the remaining 80% will be distributed to the Jinyuan Industry.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022           197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      43. Share-based payments (continued)
              The manner of distribution above enables the Six Senior Management to receive possible future cash proceeds,
              through the Share Incentive Vehicle, that are disproportionate to their share of capital injections into the Partnership
              and the amount of such future cash proceeds to be received by the Share Incentive Vehicle will depend on many
              factors including future price of the Company’s equity, vesting date and other factors.


              The awards of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have been accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment.
              The management estimate the fair value of the awards and the length of the vesting period at grant date. The date
              of vesting will need to be re-estimated at each reporting date. The share-based payment expense will be recognised
              over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity of the consolidated statement of financial position as a
              capital contribution from government shareholder of the Company.


              Independent professional valuer was engaged to assist the management to determine the grant date fair value of
              the awards by binomial tree method with the following assumptions and inputs:


              Vesting date initially estimated                                                                 30 July 2027
              Price per each registered capital of the Company                                                 RMB1.02
              Risk free rate                                                                                   3.69%
              Dividend yield                                                                                   Nil
              Estimated volatility of return of the Company’s equity                                           53.72%


              The fair value of the awards at grant date is estimated to be approximately RMB163 million. The following table set
              out the estimated vesting date adopted at each reporting date and the share-based payment expense charged to the
              consolidated profit and loss of the Group.


                                                                                                   Estimated           Share-based
                                                                                                vesting date     payment expense
                                                                                                                          RMB’000


              For the year ended 31 December 2022                                               30 July 2024                  40,631
              For the year ended 31 December 2021                                               30 July 2025                  29,284




198   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. Share capital/paid-in capital

                                                                                           2022                                 2021
                                                                                   Number                                Number
                                                                   Note           of Shares          Amount             of Shares         Amount
                                                                                                     RMB’000                              RMB’000


     At the beginning of the year                                            1,506,456,558          1,506,457      12,768,773,097       12,768,773


     Issuance of ordinary shares upon initial public offering       (i)        265,845,300            265,845                   –                 –
     Reduction of capital and conversion to a joint
            stock limited company                                   (ii)                  –                  – (11,568,773,097)        (11,568,773)
     Capital contribution from owners of the Company                (iii)                 –                  –        306,456,558          306,457


     At the end of the year                                                  1,772,301,858          1,772,302       1,506,456,558        1,506,457


    Notes:

    (i)          On 6 October 2022, the Company issued 265,845,300 H shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each at a price of HK$38.00
                 per share by way of initial public offering to global investors. Net proceeds after deducting related listing fee from such issuance
                 amounted to RMB8,947 million out of which RMB266 million and approximately RMB8,681 million were recorded in share capital
                 and capital reserve respectively.

    (ii)         On 10 November 2021, the Company converted into a joint stock company with limited liability under the Company Law of the PRC.
                 The net asset of the Company as of the conversion base date, including paid-in capital, safety production fund and accumulated
                 losses, amounting to approximately RMB12,803 million were converted into 1,200,000,000 shares with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                 each. The excess of net assets converted over nominal value of the ordinary shares was credited to the Company’s capital reserve.

    (iii)        In July 2021, 湖北小米長江產業基金合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Xiaomi Yangtze River Industry”) agreed to subscribe for increased
                 registered capital of approximately RMB12,000,000 at a consideration of approximately RMB500 million. The amount of
                 consideration in excess of the increased registered capital amounted to approximately RMB488 million was credited to the
                 Company’s capital reserve. The fund of capital increase were received in August 2021 and the registration of equity transfer were
                 completed on 12 November 2021.

                 In July 2021, 創合鑫材(廈門)製造業轉型升級基金合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Chuanghe Xincai”) agreed to subscribe for increased
                 registered capital of approximately RMB7,200,000 at a consideration of approximately RMB300 million. The amount of consideration
                 in excess of the increased registered capital amounted to approximately RMB292.8 million was credited to the Company’s capital
                 reserve. The fund of capital increase were received in August 2021 and the registration of equity transfer were completed on 12
                 November 2021.

                 During July to August 2021, a group of Pre-IPO Investors agreed to subscribe for increased registered capital of approximately
                 RMB212,158,000 at an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB8,839.9 million. The amount of consideration in excess of
                 the increased registered capital amounted to approximately RMB8,627.74 million was credited to the Company’s capital reserve.
                 The fund of capital increase were received by October 2021 and the registration of equity transfer were completed on 12 November
                 2021.




                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022         199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      44. Share capital/paid-in capital (continued)
              Notes: (continued)

              (iii)   (continued)

                      In August 2021, 江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司 (“Jintan International”) agreed to subscribe for increased registered capital
                      of approximately RMB24,000,000 at the consideration of approximately RMB1,000 million. The amount of consideration in excess of
                      the increased registered capital amounted to approximately RMB976 million was credited to the Company’s capital reserve. The fund
                      of capital increase were received by December 2021 and the registration of equity transfer were completed on 12 November 2021.


                      In August 2021, 廈門金鋰貳號股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Xiamen Jinli No. 2”) agreed to subscribe for increased registered
                      capital of approximately RMB24,000,000 at a consideration of approximately RMB1,000 million. The amount of consideration in
                      excess of the increased registered capital amounted to approximately RMB976 million was credited to the Company’s capital reserve.
                      The fund of capital increase were received in August 2021 and the registration of equity transfer were completed on 12 November
                      2021.

                      In September 2021, 常州鋰航凱博拾壹號實業投資合夥企業(有限合夥) (“Changzhou Lihang Kaibo No. 11”) agreed to subscribe for
                      increased registered capital of approximately RMB8,642,400 at a consideration of RMB360.10 million. The amount of consideration
                      in excess of the increased registered capital amounted to approximately RMB351.458 million was credited to the Company’s capital
                      reserve. The fund of capital increase were received in September 2021 and the registration of equity transfer were completed on 12
                      November 2021.

                      In October 2021, 天津順盈投資中心(有限合夥) (“Shunying Investment”), 北京中關村國盛創業投資中心(有限合夥)
                      (“Zhongguancun Guosheng”), 中航投資控股有限公司 (“Aviation Investment”), 江西洪都航空工業股份有限公司 (“Hongdu
                      Airline”) and 中國空空導彈研究院 (“Missile Academy”), minority shareholders of Luoyang Company, subscribed for increased
                      registered capital of approximately RMB18,457,000, which was settled by way of transferring their total of 25.63% equity interest
                      in Luoyang Company. The amount of capital contribution in excess of the increased registered capital amounted to approximately
                      RMB750.567 million was credited to the Company’s capital reserve. The registration of equity transfer were completed on 12
                      November 2021.


              The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
              and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.


              The Group sets the amount of capital in proportion to risk. The Group manages the capital structure and makes
              adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
              In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the payment of dividends, issue new
              shares, buy-back shares, raise new debts, redeem existing debts or sell assets to reduce debts.


              The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-equity ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
              total equity including non-controlling interests.




200   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




44. Share capital/paid-in capital (continued)
    Net debt includes amounts due to related parties (non-trade nature), lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank
    borrowings, other loans, financial guarantees and put option liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents. Adjusted
    capital comprises all components of the Group’s equity including non-controlling interests. The Group’s policy is to
    maintain financial stability and support the sustainable, healthy, and rapid development of the Group’s business.
    This policy will be reviewed on an annual basis.


                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


     Amounts due to related parties – non-trade in nature                                   471,652              22,864
     Lease liabilities                                                                      116,417              26,751
     Bank borrowings                                                                    17,707,476            2,890,647
     Financial guarantees                                                                           –            12,354
     Put option liabilities                                                                         –           941,132


                                                                                        18,295,545            3,893,748


     Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                    (10,931,814)         (3,109,518)


     Net debt                                                                             7,363,731             784,230


     Total equity including noncontrolling interests                                    41,575,459          24,986,124


     Debt-to-equity ratio                                                                       0.18                0.03




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022        201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      45. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
              (a)     Statement of financial position of the Company

                                                                                           2022              2021
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Re-presented)


                      Non-current assets
                      Property, plant and equipment                                        35,535          43,729
                      Right-of-use assets                                                  18,616          19,587
                      Intangible assets                                                   308,285         338,120
                      Investments in subsidiaries                                      21,505,507      12,167,408
                      Investments in an associate                                           9,466         990,090
                      Loan to a subsidiary                                              1,095,607               –
                      Other financial assets                                              383,853               –
                      Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment      374,516         182,107
                      Deferred tax assets                                                 120,129          66,053


                                                                                       23,851,514      13,807,094


                      Current assets
                      Inventories                                                       1,367,444               –
                      Trade and bills receivables                                      19,171,098       6,289,155
                      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       1,513,876         325,908
                      Amounts due from related parties                                  4,074,058       4,623,097
                      Other financial assets                                               75,662       6,182,575
                      Pledged bank deposits                                               759,522         513,403
                      Restricted bank balances                                                252             252
                      Bank and cash balances                                            6,334,934       1,666,586


                                                                                       33,296,846      19,600,976


                      Current liabilities
                      Trade and bills payables                                         19,916,647       6,545,048
                      Accruals and other payables                                         340,583         156,183
                      Contract liabilities                                                539,259         106,031
                      Amounts due to related parties                                       84,137         191,501
                      Lease liabilities                                                       711             554
                      Bank borrowings                                                     773,543           1,291
                      Provisions                                                          136,089          80,767
                      Financial guarantees                                                 31,490          78,956
                      Put option liabilities                                                    –         941,132


                                                                                       21,822,459       8,101,463


                      Net current assets                                               11,474,387      11,499,513


                      Total assets less current liabilities                            35,325,901      25,306,607


202   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




45. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
    (continued)
    (a)   Statement of financial position of the Company (continued)

                                                                                           2022                2021
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Re-presented)


          Non-current liabilities
          Deferred income                                                                 2,110                     –
          Lease liabilities                                                                  451               1,264
          Bank borrowing                                                              1,300,000           1,087,000
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                               –             2,056


                                                                                      1,302,561           1,090,320


          NET ASSETS                                                                 34,023,340         24,216,287


          Capital and reserves


          Share capital/Paid-in capital                                               1,772,302           1,506,457
          Reserves                                                                   32,251,038         22,709,830


          TOTAL EQUITY                                                               34,023,340         24,216,287



          Approved by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:




                                     LIU Jingyu                                     DAI Ying




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022       203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      45. Statement of financial position and reserve movement of the company
          (continued)
              (b)     Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                  Contribution         Safety
                                                                       Capital           from      production                          Put option       Accumulated
                                                                       reserve     shareholder          fund      Other reserve           reserve              losses      Total
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                      (Re-presented)


                      At 1 January 2021                                130,718         29,065               5                 –                  –          (568,509)     (408,721)


                      Total comprehensive income for the year                 –              –               –                –                  –            43,363        43,363
                      Converted into a joint stock company
                         with limited liability (note 44(ii))        11,188,346             –               (7)               –                  –           380,434    11,568,773
                      Proceeds from paid-in capital (note 44(iii))   11,702,000             –                –                –                  –                 –    11,702,000
                      Increasing shareholding of an associate           750,567             –                –                –                  –                 –       750,567
                      Disposal of subsidiaries                                –             –                –             (160)                 –           (48,663)      (48,823)
                      Issue of puttable equity (note 42)                      –             –                –                –           (926,620)                –      (926,620)
                      Share-based payments (note 43)                          –        29,284                –                –                  –                 –        29,284
                      Safety production fund                                  –             –                2                –                  –                 5             7


                      Changes in equity for the year                 23,640,913        29,284               (5)            (160)          (926,620)          375,139    23,118,551


                      At 31 December 2021                            23,771,631        58,349                –             (160)          (926,620)         (193,370)   22,709,830



                                                                                                                                                      (Accumulated
                                                                                  Contribution                                     Financial assets          losses)/
                                                                       Capital           from                       Put option          at FVTOCI          retained
                                                                       reserve     shareholder   Other reserve         reserve             reserve         earnings        Total
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


                      At 1 January 2022                              23,771,631        58,349            (160)         (926,620)                 –          (193,370)   22,709,830


                      Total comprehensive income for the year                 –              –              –                 –            (85,778)          239,082       153,304
                      Disposal of associates                                  –              –            160                 –                  –                 –           160
                      Issue of puttable equity (note 42)                      –              –              –        (5,365,847)                 –                 –    (5,365,847)
                      Transferred from put option liabilities
                         (note 42)                                            –             –                –       6,031,310                   –                 –     6,031,310
                      Share-based payments (note 43)                          –        40,631                –               –                   –                 –        40,631
                      Issuance of ordinary shares upon initial
                         public offering (note 44(i))                 8,681,650              –               –                –                  –                 –     8,681,650


                      Changes in equity for the year                  8,681,650        40,631             160          665,463             (85,778)          239,082     9,541,208


                      At 31 December 2022                            32,453,281        98,980                –         (261,157)           (85,778)           45,712    32,251,038

204   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2022




46. Reserves
    (a)   The Group
          The amounts of the Group’s reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated statements of
          profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statements of changes in equity.


    (b)   Nature and purpose of reserves
          (i)     Capital reserve
                  Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and may
                  be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new shares to
                  shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares
                  currently held by the shareholders.


          (ii)    Merger reserve
                  Merger reserve represents the difference of consideration paid and the carrying amount of net assets
                  acquired in a combination under common control.


          (iii)   Safety production fund
                  Pursuant to certain regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
                  Work Safety, the Group is required to set aside from profit after tax an amount to a legal reserve at
                  different rates ranging from 0.05% to 2% of the total revenue recognised for the previous year. The
                  reserve can be utilised for improvements of safety on the manufacturing work, and the amounts are
                  generally expenses in nature and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as incurred,
                  and at the same time the corresponding amounts of safety reserve fund were utilised and transferred
                  back to retained profits until such special reserve was fully utilised.


          (iv)    Contribution from shareholder
                  The share-based payments as set out in note 43 are credited as contribution from shareholder.


          (v)     Exchange reserve
                  The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                  financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with accounting
                  policies set out in note 5(f) to the consolidated financial statements.


          (vi)    Other reserve
                  The other reserve represents the share of other comprehensive income of associates.


          (vii)   Financial assets at FVTOCI reserve
                  The financial assets at FVTOCI reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                  financial assets at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in accordance with
                  the accounting policy in note 5(n) to the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022        205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows
              (a)     Disposal of subsidiaries
                      On 8 November 2021, the Group disposed of 51% equity interest in Luoyang Company to Jincheng
                      Technology the consideration of RMB1,530 million with corresponding RMB397.8 million compensation to
                      Jincheng Technology determined subsequently. After the disposal, the Group held 23.37% equity interest
                      in Luoyang Company and recognised such interest as investments in associates. Details of the compensation
                      arrangement are set out in note 26(c).

                      A summary of the effects of the disposal of Luoyang Company (including CALB (Beijing)) at the date of
                      disposal is as follows:


                                                                                                                    RMB’000
                                                                                                              (Re-presented)

                      Property, plant and equipment                                                                 2,045,264
                      Right-of-use assets                                                                             161,915
                      Intangible assets                                                                               145,986
                      Investments in associates                                                                        77,089
                      Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                   77,915
                      Deferred tax assets                                                                              51,065
                      Inventories                                                                                     877,091
                      Trade and bills receivables                                                                     921,257
                      Prepayment, deposits and other receivables                                                       91,110
                      Amounts due from related parties                                                                101,373
                      Pledged bank deposits                                                                           167,238
                      Bank and cash balances                                                                          177,355
                      Trade and bills payables                                                                     (1,166,906)
                      Accruals and other payables                                                                    (160,840)
                      Amounts due to related parties                                                               (1,573,410)
                      Contract liabilities                                                                            (16,071)
                      Bank borrowings                                                                                (308,398)
                      Provisions                                                                                      (59,768)
                      Deferred income                                                                                  (5,100)
                      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                        (39,452)

                      Net assets disposed of                                                                       1,564,713
                      Non-controlling interests                                                                     (401,036)
                      Goodwill                                                                                       140,097
                      Retained interest in associate                                                                (518,814)
                      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                               347,240

                      Total consideration (net of compensation) (note 26(c))                                       1,132,200

                      Satisfied by:
                      Cash consideration received                                                                    153,000
                      Amount due from Jincheng Technology (note 30)                                                  979,200

                                                                                                                   1,132,200
                      Net cash outflow arising on disposal:
                      Cash consideration received                                                                    153,000
                      Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                         (177,355)

                                                                                                                      (24,355)



206   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2022




47. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows (continued)
    (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
          The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
          and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
          future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
          financing activities.


                                                                                               Interest
                                        1 January           Cash       Inception           expenses        Effect of lease           31 December
                                             2022          flows        of leases         (note 14)          modification                   2022
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000                  RMB’000             RMB’000


          Lease liabilities (note 37)      26,751        (22,408)        114,304                 4,691                (6,921)            116,417
          Bank borrowing (note 38)      2,890,647     14,461,092                –           355,737                         –         17,707,476


                                        2,917,398     14,438,684         114,304            360,428                   (6,921)         17,823,893




                                                                                     Interest       Disposal of
                                          1 January       Cash      Inception       expenses        Subsidiaries       Non Cash        31 December
                                              2021        flows     of leases       (note 14)        (note 47(a))    transactions             2021
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


          Lease liabilities (note 37)        10,958        (327)      21,297             695                  –            (5,872)          26,751
          Bank borrowing (note 38)          827,459   2,290,467             –         81,119           (308,398)                –        2,890,647
          Other loans                       273,546    (248,263)            –          6,717                  –          (32,000)                –


                                          1,111,963   2,041,877       21,297          88,531           (308,398)         (37,872)        2,917,398




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022              207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      47. Notes to the consolidated statement of cash flows (continued)
              (c)     Total cash outflow for leases
                      Amounts included in the consolidated statements of cash flows for leases comprise the following:


                                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Within operating cash flows                                                      89,357             22,723
                      Within investing cash flows                                                     920,862            267,869
                      Within financing cash                                                            18,027                222


                                                                                                    1,028,246            290,814



                      These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Lease rental paid                                                               107,384             22,945
                      Payments for right-of-use assets                                                920,862            267,869


                                                                                                    1,028,246            290,814




208   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




48. Contingent liabilities
    (a)   The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables and
          discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital. The outstanding endorsed
          and discounted bank acceptance bills are generally with maturities no more than 12 months. In the opinion
          of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards relating to these bills,
          and the Group’s obligations to the corresponding counterparties were discharged in accordance with the
          commercial practice in the PRC and the risk of default in payment of the endorsed and discounted bills is
          low because they were issued or guaranteed by reputable PRC banks. As a result, the relevant assets and
          liabilities were derecognised on the consolidated financial statements. The maximum exposure to the Group
          that may result from the default of these endorsed or discounted bills as at the end of Reporting Period are
          as follows:


                                                                                             2022                2021
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


          Endorsed or discounted bills                                                  3,534,942             111,950




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      48. Contingent liabilities (continued)
              (b)     During 2021, Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”) has brought four intellectual
                      property infringement claims (for Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV, as defined in the Prospectus of
                      the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company (each a “Claim” and together, the “Claims”).
                      Luoyang Company is also a joint defendant in the Claim related to Patent II. CATL petitioned to immediately
                      stop infringing the relevant patents (including, without limitation, to cease manufacturing, selling or offering
                      to sell relevant products that apply the relevant patents), the Group to pay in aggregate amount of RMB485
                      million (including royalties payable during the temporary protection period for invention patents) to CATL as
                      compensation for such alleged intellectual property infringements and bear the RMB2.7 million expenses. The
                      Directors were of the view that the Claims were lacking in merit and it was not probable that an outflow of
                      economic benefits will be required to settle the Claims related to Patent I, Patent II, Patent III and Patent IV.


                      Accordingly, the Group had the following contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2021:


                                                                                                                 Damages               Expenses
                                                                                                               claimed by           claimed by
                      Claim related to:                                                                               CATL                  CATL
                                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Patent I
                      relates to battery cathode piece technology                                                    30,000                  500


                      Patent II
                      relates to an air tightness detection structure of explosion-proof
                          device arranged on the battery cover                                                    365,000*                1,200*


                      Patent III
                      relates to retaining structure that remains fixed when the
                          connector of battery current collector is bending                                          12,000                  500


                      Patent IV
                      relates to battery negative pole pieces technology                                             78,000                  500


                      *       The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II, and Luoyang Company will bear its
                              respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court. The initial amount claimed by CATL under
                              the Claim in relation to Patent II was RMB99 million (comprising damages of RMB98 million and cost incurred by CATL of
                              RMB1 million) and was increased to RMB366.2 million (comprising damages of RMB365 million and costs incurred by CATL
                              of RMB1.2 million) in May 2022.




210   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




48. Contingent liabilities (continued)
    (b)   (continued)


          During August 2022, CATL has brought another intellectual property infringement claim related to Patent
          VI (as defined in the Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022) against the Company. Luoyang
          Company is also a joint defendant in such Claim related to Patent VI.


          The civil judgments on Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV made by Fuzhou Intermediate Court between
          November 2022 and February 2023 were first-instance judgments, but not final and effective judgments. The
          Company has appealed to the Supreme People’s Court within the appeal period, and the company currently
          does not need to pay the first-instance compensation of Fuzhou Intermediate Court. Even if the Supreme
          People’s Court supports CATL’s plea of “immediately stopping the infringement of relevant patents” in the
          second instance, according to the assessment of the estimated compensation amount of the Company’s
          internal legal counsel and external legal counsel, the compensations of above-mentioned claims are more
          likely to be reduced in the second-instance trial. After due consideration accordingly, the Company made a
          total provision of RMB8.64 million for the claims of Patent I, Patent III and Patent IV based on the assessment
          result of the compensation amounts of the internal legal counsel and external legal counsel. Details are as
          follows:


          During November 2022, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
          regarding the Claim related to Patent III, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately
          cease selling products infringing the relevant patent, (2) the Group shall compensate CATL for its economic
          loss of RMB2.63 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million, (3) the Group to pay RMB0.13 million
          fees for the temporary protection period for the relevant patent, and (4) other claims filed by CATL were
          rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 30 November 2022. Due to this latest
          development, management has made provision in relation to this case and details are set out in note 39(b) of
          the consolidated financial statements.


          During February 2023, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
          regarding the Claim related to Patent IV, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately
          cease selling products infringing the relevant patent, (2) the Group shall compensate CATL for its economic
          loss of RMB35.8 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million, (3) the Group to bear the costs for
          protection of the relevant patents during the temporary period of RMB0.8 million, and (4) other claims filed
          by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 21 February 2023. Due to
          this latest development, management has made provision in relation to this case and details are set out in
          note 39(b) of the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022        211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      48. Contingent liabilities (continued)
              (b)     (continued)


                      During February 2023, the Company received a civil judgement from the Fuzhou Intermediate Court
                      regarding the Claim related to Patent I, the salient contents of which are: (1) the Group shall immediately
                      cease manufacturing and selling products infringing the relevant patent, (2) the Group shall compensate
                      CATL for its economic loss of RMB20.1 million and reasonable costs of RMB0.2 million, and (3) other claims
                      filed by CATL were rejected. Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 21 February 2023.
                      Due to this latest development, management has made provision in relation to this case and details are set
                      out in note 39(b) of the consolidated financial statements.


                      As set out above, the Group has made total provision of RMB8.64 million for claims in relation to Patent I, III
                      and IV.


                      After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal advisors,
                      the Directors are of the view that the Claims relating to Patent II and Patent VI are lacking in merit and it is
                      not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the Claims.


                      Accordingly, the Group’s contingent liabilities related to the Claims as at 31 December 2022 are set out
                      below:


                                                                                                             Damages             Expenses
                                                                                                           claimed by          claimed by
                      Claim related to:                                                                           CATL               CATL
                                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Patent II
                      relates to an air tightness detection structure of explosion-proof
                          device arranged on the battery cover                                               365,000*              1,200*


                      Patent VI
                      relates to battery package assembly                                                    130,000*                 500*


                      *         The Company and Luoyang Company are joint defendants of claim related to Patent II and Patent VI, and Luoyang
                                Company will bear its respective portion of compensation and expenses as determined by the Court.


                      Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2022.




212   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2022




49. Capital commitments
    Commitments contracted for at the end of the respective reporting periods but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


    Property, plant and equipment                                                       28,629,450          16,857,495
    Intangible assets                                                                        24,786              37,492
    Leasehold Lands                                                                          15,045                     –
    Capital contribution to associates                                                      320,000                     –
    Capital contribution to partnership funds                                               215,500                     –


                                                                                        29,204,781          16,894,987




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022        213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      50. Operating lease arrangements
              The Group as lessee
              The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for office equipment, staff quarters, office premise, factories,
              motor vehicles and warehouses. As at 31 December 2021 and 2022, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to
              the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed in note 22.


              As at 31 December 2021 and 2022, the outstanding lease commitments relating to these short-term leases are
              RMB1,071,000 and RMB29,757,000 respectively.


              The Group as lessor
              Operating leases relate to property owned by the Group with lease terms of 1 year. The lessee does not have an
              option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease period.


              Minimum lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:


                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Within one year                                                                                  –              –
              In the second year                                                                               –              –


                                                                                                               –              –



              The following table presents the amounts reported in profit or loss:


                                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Lease income on operating leases                                                           5,147           7,490




214   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2022




51. Related party transactions
    (a)   Names and relationships of the related parties that had material transactions and balances with the Group
          during the year:


          Name of party                                                                   Relationship


          常州華科工程建設有限公司Changzhou Huake Engineering                                         Shareholder
              Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)


          中航鋰電（洛陽）有限公司China Lithium Battery Technology                                    Entity controlled by shareholders
              (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (“Luoyang Company”)                                       of the Company@


          江蘇金壇金城科技產業發展有限公司Jiangsu Province Jintan                                         Entity controlled by shareholders
              Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.*                            of the Company
              (“Jincheng Technology”)


          江蘇城東建設工程有限公司Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                      Entity controlled by shareholders
              Projects Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                         of the Company


          江蘇城東信息科技有限公司Jiangsu Chengdong Information                                       Entity controlled by shareholders
              Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Information”)                        of the Company


          常州市金壇區東鋰新能源科技發展有限公司                                                             Entity controlled by shareholders
              Changzhou City Jintan District Dongli New Energy                               of the Company
              Technology Development Co., Ltd.*
              (“Dongli New Energy Technology”)


          廈門金圓投資集團有限公司Xiamen Jinyuan Industry                                             Entity controlled by shareholders
              Investment Group Company Limited*                                              of the Company
              (“Jinyuan Investment”)


          *       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.

          @       Luoyang Company ceased to be an associate after the Company disposed of 49% equity interests of Luoyang Company on
                  9 March 2022 and became an entity controlled by shareholders of the Company.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022          215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      51. Related party transactions (continued)
              (b)     The Group had the following material transactions with its related parties during the year:


                                                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Revenue from sales of goods to
                      – CALB USA*                                                                                          –             51,650
                      – Luoyang Company                                                                                    –             32,640
                      Entrusted processing services from
                      – Luoyang Company                                                                         3,486,061              206,704
                      Purchase of goods and services from
                      – Luoyang Company                                                                                 816              49,454
                      Purchase of intangible assets from
                      – Luoyang Company                                                                                    –           323,921
                      Purchase of property, plant and equipment from
                      – Dongli New Energy Technology                                                                91,455                      –
                      – Luoyang Company                                                                                    –             12,887
                      Disposal of property, plant and equipment to
                      – Luoyang Company                                                                                 214              88,422
                      Proceeds from disposal of 51% equity interest in Luoyang Company to
                      – Jincheng Technology                                                                                –         1,132,200
                      Rental fee income from
                      – Huake Engineering                                                                            4,409                3,793
                      Rental fee charged by
                      – Huake Engineering                                                                            1,201                   137
                      – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                                               4,696                5,872
                      Construction fees charged by
                      – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                                            493,229            1,058,911
                      – Jiangsu Chengdong Information                                                                      –                 398


                      *       CALB USA ceased to be a related party of the Group after the Company disposed 51% equity interest in Luoyang Company,
                              a company directly held the equity interest in such entities, in November 2021.


                      In December 2021, Luoyang Company had caused its trade receivables due from external customers of
                      approximately RMB188,907,000 being novated to the Group for the same amount of trade payables owed
                      to the Group by Luoyang Company. After the novation, the Group shall collect the trade receivables directly
                      from those original external customers of Luoyang Company. The abovementioned novated trade receivables
                      are included in the amounts disclosed in note 28.




216   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2022




51. Related party transactions (continued)
    (b)   The Group had the following material transactions with its related parties during the year: (continued)


          Since March 2021, Jinyuan Investment has been providing financial guarantee to a subsidiary of the Group,
          Xiamen Company in favour of a group of 6 banks, to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal
          amount (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of
          8 years. The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the
          guarantee agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under
          the loan agreement.


          Since January 2022, Jinyuan Investment has been providing another financial guarantee to Xiamen
          Company in favour of a group of 6 banks to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount
          (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years.
          The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee
          agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan
          agreement.


    (c)   Balances with related parties


          Details of the Group’s balances with related parties at the end of reporting period are disclosed in note 30.


    (d)   The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management during the year was as
          follows:


                                                                 Salaries,   Equity-settled        Retirement
                                                               bonus and      share-based benefit scheme
                                                       Fees    allowances        payments        contributions            Total
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000


          Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士)                        –         4,044            8,126                  32           12,202
          Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生)                         –         3,077            6,094                  58            9,229
          Ms. Gao Yan (高豔女士)                              –         2,366                –                  43            2,409
          Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強先生)
            (Note (ii))                                   –         1,839            2,032                  11            3,882
          Mr. He Fan (何凡先生) (Note (iii))                  –         1,852            2,032                  38            3,922
          Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生) (Note (iv))                  –         1,853                –                  32            1,885
          Directors and supervisors as disclosed
            in note 18(a)                               180         9,329           22,347                 112           31,968


          Total for year ended
            31 December 2022                            180        24,360           40,631                 326           65,497




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022        217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2022




      51. Related party transactions (continued)
              (d)     The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management during the year was as
                      follows: (continued)


                                                                                                                   Retirement
                                                                                  Salaries, Equity-settled            benefit
                                                                               bonus and         share-based          scheme
                                                                               allowances             payments   contributions            Total
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000


                       Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士)                                       3,060              5,857             32             8,949
                       Mr. Geng Yan’an (耿言安先生)                                        2,692              4,393             57             7,142
                       Ms. Gao Yan (高豔女士)                                             1,910                  –             39             1,949
                       Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang(王小強先生)
                              (Note (ii))                                             1,554              1,464              7             3,025
                       Mr. He Fan (何凡先生) (Note (iii))                                 1,266              1,464             36             2,766
                       Mr. Xie Qiu (謝秋先生) (Note (iv))                                 1,178                  –             32             1,210
                       Directors and supervisors as disclosed
                              in note 18(a)                                           8,173             16,107             97           24,377


                       Total for year ended
                              31 December 2021                                      19,833              29,285            300           49,418


                      Notes:

                      (i)          The amounts disclosed above represent remuneration paid or payable to the directors and other members of senior
                                   management of the Company as key management personnel of the Group’s entities.

                      (ii)         Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang was appointed as vice president on 15 November 2021.

                      (iii)        Mr. He Fan was appointed as vice president on 15 November 2021.

                      (iv)         Mr. Xie Qiu was appointed as vice president on 15 November 2021.




218   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2022




52. Events after the reporting period
    Save as the event occurred in February 2023 in relation to Patent I and Patent IV as disclosed in note 48(b), the
    Group had no other material event after the reporting period as at 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022        219
      Financial Summary


                                                             2022               2021           2020           2019
                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                       (Re-presented) (Re-presented) (Re-presented)



      Revenue                                            20,374,942        6,817,115      2,825,419      1,733,832
      Cost of sales                                     (18,271,422)      (6,306,165)    (2,345,087)    (1,471,940)


      Gross profit                                       2,103,520          510,950        480,332         261,892

      Investment and other income                          191,430           176,247         31,644         18,662
      Government grants and subsidies                       17,419            80,317         14,271        108,424
      Other (losses) and gains, net                        (62,872)          (89,541)        61,906       (142,008)
      Selling expenses                                    (288,264)         (149,167)       (82,332)       (52,523)
      Administrative expenses                             (590,974)         (334,419)      (228,660)      (165,751)
      Research and development expenses                   (664,758)         (222,523)      (191,504)      (126,242)
      Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                           –           347,240              –              –
      Impairment loss on investment in associates                –          (178,700)             –              –
      Impairment losses on trade and bill receivables        9,315           (26,600)       (23,351)       (35,418)
      Impairment losses on prepayments, deposits and
        other receivables                                    (3,157)            (682)        (1,281)        (1,659)


      Profit/(loss) from operations                        711,659          113,122          61,025       (134,623)
      Finance costs                                        (65,217)         (24,975)        (57,365)       (41,175)
      Share of (losses)/profits of associates                 (815)         (24,714)            637         (8,715)


      Profit/(loss) before tax                             645,627           63,433           4,297       (184,513)
      Income tax credit/(expense)                           47,910           48,107         (22,625)        28,112


      Profit/(loss) for the year                           693,537          111,540         (18,328)      (156,401)


      Attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                691,626          140,029           5,157       (118,690)
      Non-controlling interests                              1,911          (28,489)        (23,485)       (37,711)


                                                           693,537          111,540         (18,328)      (156,401)


      Non-current assets                                53,101,171       20,034,407     10,519,656       6,281,947
      Current assets                                    37,359,447       18,586,078      7,570,795       4,607,428


      Total assets                                      90,460,618       38,620,485     18,090,451      10,889,375


      Current liabilities                               32,774,951        9,890,350       5,066,820      3,633,200
      Non-current liabilities                           16,110,208        3,744,011         415,010      1,190,376


      Total liabilities                                 48,885,159       13,634,361       5,481,830      4,823,576


220   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                    Definitions and Glossary


“Articles of Association”        the Articles of Association of the Company currently in force


“associate(s)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Board”                          the board of directors of the Company


“Company”, “CALB”,               CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司), H Shares of which are listed
  ”we” or ”us”                   on the Stock Exchange with stock code of 3931


“connected person(s)”            has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“connected transaction(s)”       has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“continuing connected            has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
  transaction(s)”


“controlling shareholder(s)”     has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Director(s)”                    the director(s) of the Company


“Domestic Share(s)”              ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi


“Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries


“H Share(s)”                     the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal
                                 value of RMB1.00 each, which are traded in Hong Kong dollars and listed on the Main
                                 Board of the Stock Exchange


“H Share Shareholder(s)”         holder(s) of H Shares


“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity(ies) or person(s) who, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
                                 of the Directors, is/are not a connected person(s) of the Company within the meaning
                                 ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022      221
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Jincheng Technology”    Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金城科
                               技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                               liability on 7 December 2015 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a connected person
                               of the Company


      “Jinhang Holding”        Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金航控股有限公司), a company established
                               under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 2 March 2022, which is owned as
                               to 40% by Jincheng Technology, 30% by Cai Dongze (蔡東澤), an Independent Third
                               Party, 12.5% by Nanjing Ruiguan Enterprise Management Centre (Limited Partnership)*
                               ( 南京瑞冠企業管理中心 ( 有限合夥 ) ) , 12.5% b y W u x i F e n g s h e n g h u i E n t e r p r i s e
                               Management Partnership Business (Limited Partnership)* (無錫豐晟匯企業管理合夥企業
                               (有限合夥)) and 5% by Jiangsu Fengchuang Environmental Energy Co., Ltd* (江蘇楓創
                               環保能源有限公司), an Independent Third Party. Jinhang Holding is a connected person
                               of our Company


      “Jinsha Investment       Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙科技投資有限公司), a
                               company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 4 May 2008
                               and wholly owned by Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Group”           namely Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International,
                               Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Holding”         Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司), a company
                               established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16 September 2014
                               and wholly owned by the Government of Jintan District, a connected person of the
                               Company


      “Jintan Hualuogeng”      Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華
                               羅庚科技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                               limited liability on 12 December 2014 and owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding and
                               10% by Changzhou Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (常州投資集團有限公司), respectively,
                               a connected person of the Company


      “Jintan International”   Jiangsu Jintan National Development International Investment Development Co., Ltd.*
                               (江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the
                               PRC with limited liability on 16 December 2010 and exercising its voting rights in our
                               Shares in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding, a connected person of our
                               Company


      “Jinyuan Industry”       Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Development Company Limited* (廈門金圓產業發展有限公司),
                               a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 August
                               2014 and wholly owned by Jinyuan Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors and
                               Substantial Shareholders



222   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
                                                                                Definitions and Glossary




“Jinyuan Investment”        Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓投資集團有限公司), a company
                            established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 July 2011 and wholly
                            owned by the Finance Bureau of Xiamen City* (廈門市財政局), one of our Pre-IPO
                            Investors and Substantial Shareholders


“Latest Practicable Date”   21 April 2023, being the latest practicable date for the purpose of ascertaining certain
                            information contained in this annual report prior to its printing


“Lihang Jinzhi”             Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (廈門鋰
                            航金智股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership established under
                            the laws of the PRC on 29 July 2019 whose general partner is Xiamen Lihang Equity
                            Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors, a connected person of our Company


“Listing Rules”             the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


“Luoyang Company”           China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司), a
                            company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 14 September
                            2009 and formerly our controlling Shareholder and subsequently became a subsidiary
                            of our Company. As of the Latest Practicable Date, Luoyang Company is owned as to
                            51% by Jincheng Technology and 49% by Jinhang Holding, and a connected person of
                            our Company


“Model Code”                Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers


“PRC” or “China”            the People’s Republic of China


“Prospectus”                the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022


“RMB”                       Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFO”                       the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                            amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022     223
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Share(s)”              ordinary share(s) in the issued capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                              each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)


      “Shareholder(s)”        shareholders of the Company


      “Stock Exchange”        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


      “subsidiary(ies)”       has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “Supervisor(s)”         the supervisor(s) of the Company


      “%”                     percent




224   CALB GROUP CO., LTD..
中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
  CALB Group Co., Ltd.
