中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code: 3931



We have committed to the development, innovation and technological
leadership in the new energy field, continued to build the healthy
ecosystem of the new energy industry, and effectively fulfilled our
responsibilities of energy security and sustainable development for
human beings.




2025
ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                       2
CHAIRWOMAN’S STATEMENT                                      4
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                          6
PROFILE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT    25
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT                                41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT                                          65
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                               85
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS                   94
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER         95
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION               96
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                98
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS                      100
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS            102
FINANCIAL SUMMARY                                         219
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY                                  220
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                         JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Executive Directors                                        Dai Ying
                                                               Wan Wing Yi Carol (appointed on 12 November 2025)
    Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board and General Manager)
                                                               Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA) (resigned on
    Dai Ying
                                                                 12 November 2025)

    Non-executive Directors
                                                               AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Hu Jing
                                                               Dai Ying
    Li Jiancun
                                                               Wan Wing Yi Carol (appointed on 12 November 2025)
    Xie Jieping
                                                               Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA) (resigned on
                                                                 12 November 2025)
    Independent Non-executive Directors
    Dr. Wang Susheng
    Dr. Chen Zetong
                                                               AUDITOR
    Dr. Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)                RSM Hong Kong
    Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)                 29/F, Lee Garden Two
                                                               28 Yun Ping Road
    STRATEGY AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE                      Causeway Bay
                                                               Hong Kong
    Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman)
    Dr. Xiao Wen
    Dai Ying
                                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                               No. 1
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                            Jiangdong Avenue
                                                               Jintan District
    Dr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)
                                                               Changzhou City
    Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)
                                                               Jiangsu Province
    Dr. Chen Zetong
                                                               PRC
    Dr. Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                     HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE IN
                                                               THE PRC
    Dr. Chen Zetong (Chairman)
                                                               No. 1
    Wu Guangquan (Chairman) (resigned on
                                                               Jiangdong Avenue
      10 October 2025)
                                                               Jintan District
    Liu Jingyu
                                                               Changzhou City
    Dr. Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)
                                                               Jiangsu Province
                                                               PRC
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman)                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Dr. Wang Susheng (appointed on 10 October 2025)            HONG KONG
    Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)
                                                               40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
    Dr. Chen Zetong
                                                               No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai
                                                               Hong Kong


2   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                         Corporate Information




H SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKS
China Construction Bank Corporation
Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.


STOCK CODE
3931


COMPANY WEBSITE
www.calb-tech.com




                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025   3
    Chairwoman’s Statement




                                                  Dear shareholders:

                                                  On behalf of the board of directors of CALB Group Co., Ltd., I
                                                  hereby present to the shareholders the annual report of the Group
                                                  for the year ended 31 December 2025.




    In 2025, benefiting from a forward-looking strategic layout, leading technologies, safe and reliable products, as well as
    a green and sustainable philosophy, the respective businesses of the Group maintained sustained growth. The Group has
    steadily entered a new stage of high-quality development jointly driven by diversified scenarios, diversified markets and
    diversified technologies.


    As a battery specialist, the Group remains committed to leveraging its leading technology and product capabilities to
    support the high-quality development of its business. Guided by needs of customers and social sustainable development,
    the Group drives industrial innovation through technological advancement and is dedicated to providing users with
    products featuring high safety, high reliability and high performance. In 2025, the Group successively launched the “UP
    super-charged” 5C/10C super-charged battery and the “UP high-power” 20C/25C high-power battery. Targeting the
    mid-to-high-end vehicle market, the Group has made early strategic arrangements and introduced the “UP high-energy”
    battery. The Group has achieved a new breakthrough in the field of “Boundless” solid-state batteries by successfully
    developing an original 450Wh/kg all-solid-state battery system and completing the prototyping and validation of the
    industry’s first batch of products. In 2025, the Company won the Jiangsu Provincial Governor’s Quality Award and was
    approved as an excellent smart factory and 5G factory. Meanwhile, the Group has advanced its global layout in an orderly
    manner. At present, it has formed global industrial clusters covering East China, South China, West China, North China
    and Central China domestically, as well as Europe and ASEAN, providing solid support for its long-term high-quality
    development.




4   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                       Chairwoman’s Statement




As a creator of energy value and an innovator and practitioner of AI technology, the Group possesses profound insights into
the development trends of the energy industry landscape and the core imperatives of human beings for global sustainable
development. The Group has put forward the “AI + Energy” strategy, focusing on a zero-carbon, digitalised and intelligent
full-scenario industrial ecosystem. By fully leveraging the synergies of technology-driven capabilities and energy operations,
the Group actively builds an energy ecosystem featuring co-creation and win-win outcomes. Driven by innovation to
reduce carbon emissions and enhance efficiency, underpinned by responsible governance to safeguard compliance, and
strengthened through open collaboration to foster a green ecosystem, the Group drives the healthy development of the
value chain and ecosystem, and works hand in hand with global partners to advance towards a green and sustainable
future.


As a contributor to the new energy industry, the Group will remain anchored in technological innovation as our engine in
2026. Guided by our “AI + Energy” strategy, we will pursue the deep integration of technological and industrial innovation
while advancing our R&D initiatives with a future-oriented layout. We uphold the philosophy of “shared origins in market,
technology, and resources”. We will continuously refine and upgrade our products and services. Simultaneously, we will
empower the entire value chain from R&D and manufacturing to platform services through AI innovation. By delivering safe
and efficient energy and green, low-carbon technologies, we aim to propel new quality productive forces in areas such as
the low-altitude economy and humanoid robots, and contribute our “green power” to fostering a Beautiful China, where
humanity and nature coexist in harmony.


Appreciation
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders and investors, customers, partners and friends from all walks
of life for their trust, help, support and companionship to CALB, which gives us confidence, courage and responsibility to
go faster, steadier and further! I am full of expectation and have absolute confidence in the future of CALB!


                                                                                                                  Liu Jingyu
                                                                                                   Chairwoman of the Board


                                                                                         Changzhou, the PRC, 28 April 2026




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       5
    Management Discussion And Analysis


    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
    I.    Industry Landscape
          In 2025, the global low-carbon energy transition accelerated across the board, with the installed capacity of
          renewable energy expanding steadily. The EV batteries and energy storage sectors grew rapidly in tandem, with
          multiple technological roadmaps advancing in parallel and working in synergy, providing solid support for the global
          green and low-carbon development and energy transformation. Meanwhile, emerging markets such as maritime,
          low-altitude, and robot developed rapidly.


          1.     EV battery sector
                 The continued increase in demand of the global new energy vehicle market served as the core engine driving
                 the growth of the EV battery industry. According to SNE Research, global sales of new energy vehicles
                 reached 21.47 million units in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.5%; global EV battery
                 installations amounted to 1,187GWh in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.7%.


                 As the world’s leading new energy vehicle market in terms of scale, China’s industry scale continued to
                 expand, effectively promoting the rapid development of the EV battery industry. According to data from
                 the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, sales of China’s new energy vehicles reached 16.49
                 million units in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.2%. Sales of new energy vehicles accounted
                 for 47.9% of total sales of new vehicles, of which sales of new energy commercial vehicles reached
                 954 thousand units, representing a year-on-year increase of 65.5%. According to data from the China
                 Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance, cumulative EV battery installations in China reached 769.7GWh in
                 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 40.4%. According to SNE Research, electric vehicle sales in
                 Europe reached 4.257 million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.9%, accounting for 19.8% of
                 the global market.




6   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                         Management Discussion And Analysis




2.   Energy storage sector
     Driven by the low-carbon transformation of global energy and the rapid growth in power demand of
     high energy-consuming sectors such as AI and data centers, the demand of global energy storage market
     has grown rapidly. According to InfoLink, cumulative global shipments of energy storage cells reached
     612.39GWh in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 94.59%, of which cell shipments in overseas
     market reached 299.79GWh, accounting for approximately 49.0% of the total market.


     In the Chinese market, energy storage transitioned from policy-driven to value-driven growth, with application
     scenarios expanding. According to statistics from the China Energy Storage Alliance, by the end of 2025, the
     cumulative installed capacity of new-type energy storage projects in China reached 144.7GW, representing
     a year-on-year increase of 85%, surpassing the 100GW mark for the first time. The installed capacity of
     new-type energy storage projects newly put into operation in 2025 reached 66.43GW/189.48GWh, with
     year-on-year increases of 52% and 73% in power scale and energy scale, respectively. In 2025, the overseas
     energy storage market experienced overall high-speed growth. The U.S. market continued to be driven by
     supportive policies, with numerous large-scale energy storage projects being implemented. The European
     market saw simultaneous expansion in residential storage and grid-scale storage, with an increased share
     for long-duration energy storage. Emerging markets such as the Middle East and Southeast Asia experienced
     rapid growth, becoming core drivers of new increments.


3.   Emerging Markets
     Driven by the dual imperatives of emissions reduction in global shipping industry and China’s “dual carbon”
     goals, ship electrification is entering a strategic window period of rapid development, regarded by the
     industry as the “third growth pole” for EV batteries. In the Chinese market, national and local governments
     have intensively introduced policies providing comprehensive support for electric vessels, spanning technical
     specifications, policy support, and operational incentives. In the international market, the EU Fuel Maritime
     Regulation and the ES-TRIN technical standards for electric vessels officially took effect in 2026, opening up
     space for large-scale application in the European electric vessel market, while demand for port equipment in
     North America and offshore shipping in Asia has surged, leading to a continuous increase in the number of
     electric vessels in operation globally.


     In 2025, the low-altitude industry in China has made positive progress, with accelerated breakthroughs in
     technological equipment and expansion of diversified application scenarios, officially marking the inaugural
     year for the low-altitude economy to reach trillion-yuan scale. As a core component of the low-altitude
     industry, EV batteries address the key technical challenges of payload capacity, flight duration, and safety
     for low-altitude flight. Battery companies and original equipment manufacturers are jointly promoting the
     implementation of aviation-grade standards, with multiple technologies advancing in coordination to drive
     the rapid development of the low-altitude industry. Furthermore, the robot industry is at a critical turning
     point, transitioning from “technological validation” to “mass production,” with the market showing a trend
     of explosive growth.




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025       7
    Management Discussion And Analysis




    II.   Business Review
          As a leading global new energy technology company, the Group is committed to becoming a creator of energy
          value. Adhering to the mission of “transcend commerce to benefit humanity” and the vision of “co-create, win
          together, achieve excellence”, the Group will continue to shape a healthy ecosystem for the new energy sector by
          pioneering innovation and technology leadership, and strive to take on the greatest responsibility in achieving the
          goals of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” and the strategic advancement of new energy vehicle as well as
          fulfill its responsibilities for energy security and sustainable development.


          1.     Main business and its applications
                 The Group is a leading global new energy technology company specializing in the research, production,
                 sales and market application development of lithium batteries, battery management systems and related
                 integrated products as well as materials for lithium batteries. As a battery expert, the Group is committed to
                 building a comprehensive energy operation system, providing comprehensive product solutions and full life-
                 cycle management for the all-scenario application market of new energy represented by EV batteries and ESS
                 products.


          2.     Major products


                           “UP” battery                          “ZHIYUAN” battery                          “Boundless” battery     “ZHIJIU” battery

                                                                            ZHIYUAN heavy                                                   314Ah
                                UP all-weather
                                                                            commercial vehicle

                                                         All scenarios                                                                      392Ah
                                UP ultra-fast charging   All applications

                                                         All capabilities


                                UP high-power                                                                                               588Ah
                                                                         ZHIYUAN light commercial vehicle


                                UP high energy                                                                                              684Ah

                                                                            ZHIYUAN electric ship


                    Passenger vehicle   Low-altitude              Commercial use              Ship           Low-altitude   Robot   Energy storage   Ship




                 Passenger vehicle market: Centering on users’ needs across all scenarios, we have integrated key core
                 technologies, such as ultra-high-energy chemistry system, ultra-safe electrolytes, minimalist top-flow
                 structure, and highly reliable TPP3.0 thermal safety technology, to develop the “UP” battery, which achieves
                 comprehensive leadership in safety performance, driving range, charging efficiency, acceleration performance
                 and cycle life, whilst providing extensive coverage for all-scenario applications of passenger vehicles, thereby
                 establishing industry-leading product competitiveness.




8   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Management Discussion And Analysis




Commercial vehicle market: We have established a comprehensive product matrix architecture, covering
all scenarios, all applications, and all capabilities. With ultra-high safety, ultra-long lifespan and wide
temperature range as the core product competitiveness, through modular and platform-based technologies
and products, we have achieved full-scenario coverage of batteries from 30KWh to 900KWh for vans
vehicles, mini and small trucks, light trucks, buses, heavy trucks, and construction machinery, addressing
customers’ core needs in a targeted manner and building robust product capabilities.


Energy storage market: We provide comprehensive product solutions and full life-cycle management for all
application scenarios, including power, industrial and commercial, and household applications. Our products
have four major advantages: high safety, ultra-long life, ultra-high energy efficiency, and high reliability.
Among them, the “ZHIJIU” 588Ah/684Ah cells adopt thermoelectric separation and double insulation
technology to ensure safety. The full life-cycle lithium replenishment achieves zero degradation during 3
years and 15,000+ cycles, with an energy density of 450Wh/L.


Ship market: We continue to delve into the application scenarios of ship electrification. We adopt a Lego-
type design concept to successfully achieve full coverage of product types for all scenarios, including pure
electric, hybrid, energy storage and backup power so as to adapt to the needs of various ship structures. The
products have obtained DNV, CCS, ABS, RINA and other international authoritative certificates.


Low-altitude market: We have employed high-performance “high-energy cylindrical cells”. The products
have advantages such as high energy density, high power performance, high discharge capacity, high safety
design, and low heat generation. The cell energy density can reach 310Wh/kg, effectively improving the
flight duration of aircraft. They can be matched with a variety of aircraft models in the industry, covering a
range of eVTOL aircraft from small 2-seater to multiple medium and large 5-seater or 6-seater.


Robot market: We have employed high-performance solid-state battery technology. The products have
advantages such as high energy density, stable power output, excellent safety performance, flexible
adaptability, and production compatibility, effectively meeting the high energy consumption requirements of
robots, while also satisfying the high energy demands of confined spaces such as chest cavity and backpack
of humanoid robots.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       9
     Management Discussion And Analysis




           3.     Business achievements
                  During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved the revenue of RMB44.400 billion, representing an increase
                  of 60.0% compared to the same period last year, and realized a profit of RMB2.095 billion during the
                  Reporting Period, representing an increase of 148.4% compared to the same period last year.


                  (1)       Continuous innovations in product and technology
                            The Group leverages its leading technology and product capabilities to support the development
                            of the new energy business, and insists on taking the needs of end users and customers and social
                            sustainable development as the pursuit of technological development. Adhering to the technology
                            innovation as the driving force of industrial innovation, we are committed to providing users with
                            products featuring high safety, high reliability and high performance, and developing top-notch
                            technologies and products through continuous innovation, so as to achieve the breakthrough in
                            technological development, continuously boosting the core competitiveness of the Group.


                            “UP super-charged” 5C/10C super-charged battery: It is suitable for pure electric and hybrid
                            electric vehicles. 5C products exclusively support popular models such as XPeng’s new P7 with
                            ultra-long range, helping XPeng’s new P7 create a new record of driving 3,961km in 24 hours.
                            The extended-range battery to support the mass production of Xpeng’s X9 is the world’s first 5C
                            super-charged LFP extended-range battery. The 10C super-charged battery completed its battery
                            design and development in 2025 and we are currently in cooperation with OEMs for its development
                            at the vehicle level.


                            “UP high-power”: The 25C high-power battery, developed for the luxury vehicles segment of
                            supercars/racing cars, boasts a continuous discharge power of up to megawatts and has completed
                            the testing and development of battery prototypes. The 20C high-power battery developed for HEV/
                            PHEV has been supplied to automakers such as Geely and Dongfeng for large-scale delivery.


                            “UP high-energy”: Targeting the mid-to-high-end vehicle market, the Group has made early
                            strategic arrangements and completed the development of a 220Wh/kg battery pack, achieving a
                            battery system capacity of over 120kWh. With developed solid-liquid hybrid technology, the battery
                            pack energy density can reach 280Wh/kg, achieving a battery system capacity of 150kWh and leading
                            product innovation and upgrades. The Group has successfully launched the “UP high-energy” R46
                            cylindrical cell with an energy density of 310Wh/kg, which has been mass-produced for leading eVTOL
                            customers in the industry, achieving the number one market share in the industry.




10   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Management Discussion And Analysis




“Boundless”: The Group has achieved a new breakthrough in the field of solid-state batteries by
successfully developing an original 450Wh/kg all-solid-state battery system and completing the
prototyping and validation of the industry’s first batch of product.


“ZHIYUAN”: A commercial series of solutions has been launched, comprehensively empowering
efficiency innovation and sustainable future for commercial applications. It supports heavy trucks with
2C ultra-fast charging and an ultra-long lifespan of 2 million kilometers over 10 years. It provides the
light commercial vehicle market with top-tier products featuring an energy density of 160Wh/kg and
a range exceeding 350 kilometers. The Group has pioneered the integration of 400Wh/kg solid-liquid
hybrid batteries into new energy commercial vehicles, achieving an ultimate balance between high
energy and high safety. A full-scenario product matrix adapted for hybrid power, emergency energy
storage and backup power supplies has been launched, fully covering the diverse power demands of
vessels across different routes and operating conditions.


“ZHIJIU”: Following the pioneering definition and mass production of 314A and 314B cells, the
Group has successfully launched the next-generation benchmark products – the “ZHIJIU” 588Ah and
684Ah large cells, redefining industry standards and better serving application scenarios.


The Group followed the high-quality intellectual property rights development strategy which was
deeply integrated with the strategy of “consolidating its leadership in product and technology”.
Focused on the high-quality patent portfolio to constantly forge a continuingly innovative brand
power, it has established a patent portfolio covering the entire battery industry chain, including
battery materials, battery structure, system integration, electrical circuits, BMS, manufacturing
process equipment and battery recycling. As of 31 December 2025, the Group had a total of 6,138
patent applications globally. In 2025, the Group passed the ISO 56005 evaluation of “Innovation
and Intellectual Property Management Capabilities”, reaching the international leading level in
the integration of innovation management system and intellectual property strategy. The Group’s
patent-intensive product cultivation case was successfully selected as one of the twenty typical cases
of the “Hundred Chains and Thousand Enterprises” patent industrialization promotion project in
China. In addition, in 2025, the Group won the Jiangsu Provincial Governor’s Quality Award and was
approved as an excellent smart factory and 5G factory.


With continuously advanced technologies and products, the Group will reconstruct the industrial
ecology, jointly build a zero-carbon future, and steadily enter a new stage of high-quality
development jointly driven by multiple scenarios, multiple markets and multiple technologies, injecting
strong impetus into the global green transformation.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       11
     Management Discussion And Analysis




                  (2)       Accelerating the implementation of all-scenario business layout
                            In 2025, the Group continued to record high growth in each of its business segments. The installed
                            capacity of EV batteries ranked fourth globally and third domestically. The shipments of energy
                            storage cells also achieved a significant growth, ranking fourth globally. Meanwhile, the Group
                            advanced its global layout in an orderly manner, continuously developing outstanding green and low-
                            carbon products and solutions, and establishing an efficient and well-functioning carbon management
                            system.


                            Passenger vehicle market: the Group’s market share hit new highs, and the global business
                            expansion has entered a new stage. In terms of customer development, we tapped into
                            Toyota, Volkswagen and Hyundai, and have secured nominations of multiple next-generation
                            platform projects from international OEMs, accelerating our global market deployment.


                            •         In the field of pure electric vehicle: for mid and high end market, the 800V high-voltage
                                      platform 5C ultra-fast charging battery has achieved monthly sales of more than 20,000 units.
                                      The development of new platform for Xpeng MONA, Luxeed/SAIC, Leapmotor and other
                                      customers has progressed smoothly, with mass delivery beginning in 2026;


                            •         In the hybrid field: our installed capacity continued to grow rapidly, and we advanced the
                                      development of high-capacity extended-range platforms for Xiaomi, Xpeng, Leapmotor and
                                      other companies, with mass delivery beginning in 2026; and


                            •         In the international market: the Group tapped into Toyota, Volkswagen and Hyundai
                                      automotive groups, with the delivery volume steadily increasing and the types of delivered
                                      products becoming increasingly diversified.


                            Commercial vehicle market: the shipments in 2025 increased multifold. We sped up our
                            integration into new automotive models, declaring more than 468 new models, representing
                            a year-on-year increase of 96%, and achieving comprehensive coverage of models in all
                            areas.


                            •         In the light commercial vehicle field: the Group has established in-depth collaborations with
                                      customers such as Chery, Geely, Dongfeng and King Long, continuously increasing user
                                      penetration;


                            •         In the heavy truck field: the Group has partnered with customers such as Sinotruk, XCMG,
                                      SANY, Shaanxi Automobile, GAC and Lingong in multiple vehicle models such as heavy
                                      trucks and construction machinery, achieving full-spectrum collaboration. We launched our
                                      benchmark products of HL and GL series to address the pain points in operational scenarios
                                      such as closed-loop and trunk transport, which have been highly recognized by the market
                                      and customers, greatly enhancing our brand power; and




12   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                          Management Discussion And Analysis




•     In the international market: with superior product performance and full-cycle service
      guarantee, the Group has completed mass production and delivery for rail transit projects in
      Europe, with the installed capacity of buses in Europe increasing steadily, and successfully
      deepened our presence in the high-end commercial vehicle market in Europe by achieving
      nominations of multiple projects, and consecutively securing “Best Performance Award” from
      overseas customers.


Energy storage market: the shipments throughout the year achieved a significant growth.
Our overseas installed capacity has further increased, with the Group being included in
the supplier lists of several leading developers and power grid companies, marking a new
breakthrough in our overseas power plant business deployment.


•     The Group deepened cooperation with SPIC, CNNP Rich Energy, China Three Gorges
      Renewables, China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Group, China Energy
      Group, China Resources Group and China Energy Construction, participated in a number of
      energy storage power station projects which have realized the operation and grid connection;
      entered into strategic cooperation with system integrators and leading customers in various
      fields such as wind power and photovoltaic power, achieving further improvement in market
      share and ranking; explored various cooperative development models to support the growth of
      our power station business; and completed its market layout in the industrial and commercial
      energy storage, household energy storage market segment through the launch of full-scenario
      standardized energy storage products and solutions, which laid a solid foundation for the
      follow-up rapid growth in the energy storage market; and


•     The Group has made significant breakthroughs in the international energy storage market
      by successfully entering the supplier whitelist of leading energy storage developers and
      independent power producers (IPPs) in South Africa, Latin America, United States, Israel,
      and other regions. As a supplier of second-generation long-cycle energy storage cells, we
      have successfully secured orders for long-cycle energy storage cells from overseas customers.
      The next-generation “ZHIJIU” 600Ah+ large energy storage cells have secured large-scale
      nominations. The product matrix for household storage, commercial and industrial storage
      has successfully entered multiple overseas markets. With high energy efficiency and safety
      performance, the Company has established partnership with customers from more than ten
      countries and regions.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025      13
     Management Discussion And Analysis




                            Meanwhile, for the ship market, we focused on the zero-carbon port business, and have achieved
                            successful delivery of, and large-scale application in several ship projects that are “the largest
                            in China” and “the first in the world”, including the “electrification of the Yangtze River”, the
                            electrification of the offshore 10,000-ton bulk carrier, the electrification of cruise ship in Lijiang
                            River and the electrification of cruise ship in West Lake. At the same time, we vigorously expanded
                            into overseas markets and enhanced our international brand influence. We have delivered a number
                            of high-profile projects for different subdivided vessel types. Our “zero-carbon shipping” product
                            solutions have received wide attention and recognition from the international ship market. For the
                            low-altitude market, we continued to deepen the strategic cooperation with domestic mainstream
                            eVTOL companies such as XPeng Huitian, GOVY, Volant, and Lanyi Aviation, and obtained the
                            exclusive qualification for EV battery products of customers’ main models, and through the innovation
                            of several development and business models, we have effectively advanced the sustained expansion
                            of the low-altitude business. For the robot market, we will also commence the mass delivery for our
                            robot products.


                  (3)       Deepen Industrial Layout
                            In view of the broad market prospects in the new energy industry and the Group’s fast-growing
                            business needs in various segments, the Group has kept pace with market trends, continuously
                            advancing its global production capacity deployment to build a leading global enterprise with scaled
                            intelligent manufacturing capabilities. At present, the Group has established a global industrial cluster
                            covering Eastern China, Southern China, Western China, Northern China and Central China, as well as
                            Europe and ASEAN, providing a solid foundation for the Group’s long-term high-quality development.


                  (4)       Carbon Management and Sustainable Development
                            Focusing on the strategic objective of “Carbon neutrality in core operations by 2030, carbon
                            neutrality in value chain by 2040”, the Group was fully committed to seven core directions,
                            including low-carbon product development, full life-cycle carbon footprint management, energy
                            efficiency improvement, clean energy consumption, low-carbon logistics, recycling, and collaborative
                            decarbonization across the supply chain, so as to establish an efficient and well-functioning carbon
                            management system.


                            In 2025, the Group officially joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), and pledged
                            to implement the ten basic principles of sustainable development in all aspects of its corporate
                            operations and business development; in terms of green manufacturing, we achieved a significant
                            reduction in carbon emissions per unit of product through the scale deployment of photovoltaic
                            and industrial energy storage systems, scale application of biomass energy, and the introduction of
                            energy-saving technical renovation projects in the production process; in terms of green products,
                            adhering to the design concept of achieving an optimal balance between energy and resources, we
                            developed low-carbon standards in advance and implemented them throughout the entire life cycle of
                            product design and R&D, and our EV battery cell products were successfully awarded the first batch
                            of Product Carbon Footprint Certification in Jiangsu Province.




14   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                     Management Discussion And Analysis




III.   Future Prospects
       With its strategic goal of global leadership, the Group is driven by technological innovation and guided by the “AI +
       Energy” strategy, adhering to the deep integration of technological innovation and industrial innovation. Propelled
       by a future-oriented R&D layout, we have established a positive feedback loop mechanism of “new technology and
       product development – multi-market application – scaled delivery – refined operations – technological iteration and
       upgrade”. Focusing on platform-based products, we are building a cross-domain, cross-scenario dynamic power and
       energy storage product matrix to achieve deep synergy in power and energy storage business, creating cutting-edge
       product capabilities across all scenarios. At the same time, the Group will continuously explore emerging markets
       such as ship, low-altitude economy and robot, offer high-safety, high-reliability, and high-performance product
       solutions, and through safe and efficient batteries, green and low-carbon technologies, the Group will inject strong
       momentum into new-quality productivity scenarios represented by low-altitude and robot.


       Continuous innovations in technology and product
       The Group remains committed to technological innovation, continuously leading the industrial development by
       advanced technologies.


       In terms of high-performance battery technology, the Group will continue to pursue breakthroughs in battery
       technologies, focusing on enhanced safety, high energy density, ultra-fast charging, long-term quality assurance,
       wide temperature range, and ultra-long service life. It will solidify its comprehensive leadership by developing
       products with cutting-edge performance and cost competitiveness. The Group will persistently make breakthroughs
       in critical technologies for improving efficiency and longevity in energy storage cells, enable the cells with ultra-large
       capacity to upgrade and iterate and make efforts to achieve “photovoltaic-storage co-lifespan” (光儲同壽) of energy
       storage cells, so as to develop the cutting-edge performance and cost competitiveness; the Group will commercialize
       high-specific-energy 360Wh/kg high-nickel medium-silicon cylinder batteries, and 200Wh/kg+ phosphate-based
       products, accelerating the application and promotion of high-manganese iron lithium; the Group will continuously
       advance key technological breakthroughs and commercial application of high-performance all-solid-state batteries,
       achieving the application and promotion of 10Ah-class all-solid-state batteries in the field of robots as well as the
       batch verification of 400Wh/kg large-capacity all-solid-state automotive products.


       In terms of advanced manufacturing, the Group will focus on three directions towards advanced manufacturing,
       namely, minimalism, extremity and intelligence. Specifically, the Group will develop highly flexible standardized
       production lines, innovate CTB minimalist process, and pursue breakthroughs in core technologies such as high-
       speed ultra-wide-width coating as well as dry electrode to reinforce the process solutions for all-solid-state batteries.


       Meanwhile, the Group will continue to advance AI intelligence, accelerating the exploration and simulation of new
       materials on R&D side by utilizing AI large models; and on manufacturing side, the Group will achieve intelligent
       quality inspection, predictive maintenance and process optimization, promote the integration of AI capacity forecast
       and manufacturing big data platform, and develop AI+ visual defect detection technology, so as to comprehensively
       set a new benchmark for intelligent manufacturing.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       15
     Management Discussion And Analysis




           Market and customers
           In terms of the passenger vehicle market, the Group will continue to iterate and upgrade, optimize resource
           allocation, and deepen its global layout of leading technologies based on customer experience. It has completed
           product deployment and model matching in the economy, mid-to-high-end and luxury markets of all categories
           of pure electric and hybrid vehicles. Development of new platform projects for domestic and overseas automakers
           including Xiaomi, Xpeng, Luxeed, SAIC, NIO, Leapmotor, Geely, Changan, Dongfeng, BAIC, SAIC, GAC, Toyota,
           Volkswagen, and Hyundai are progressing efficiently.


           In terms of the commercial vehicle market, the Group will leverage one-stop electrification solutions to advance the
           implementation of an all-scenario ecosystem. (1) In light commercial vehicle segment: the Group has established
           stable capability for large-scale delivery. Moving forward, through an enhanced platform-based cost reduction
           approach, it will achieve a qualitative shift from “scale expansion” to “unit profit enhancement”, thereby generating
           substantial operating cash flow. (2) In heavy commercial vehicle segment: by empowering logistics enterprises to
           reduce their TCO (Total Cost of Ownership), the Group will transform one-off transactions into continuous value-
           added services spanning the entire vehicle lifecycle. It will pioneer business models such as battery swapping for
           heavy trucks and battery leasing, providing the industry with one-stop, all-scenario ecological solutions. In the
           construction machinery field, the Group has established a first-mover advantage in specific application scenarios
           such as loaders. Going forward, the Group will leverage its technological expertise and product capabilities to
           continuously increase the penetration rate of electrification in these segmented markets. (3) In international markets:
           the Group will seize growth opportunities in the new energy commercial vehicle sector to achieve transition from
           “exporting the products” to “exporting the brand” through the comprehensive implementation of terminal and
           regional strategies.


           In terms of the energy storage market, the Group will upgrade from equipment supplier to energy solution
           supplier, build key software and technology base covering full-chain data perception and access, energy and carbon
           monitoring and visualization, AI prediction and scheduling optimization, and carbon assets management, as well
           as establish solution capability for scenarios including zero-carbon cities, zero-carbon industrial parks, zero-carbon
           factories, virtual power plants and zero-carbon ports. For the domestic business, the Group will continue to
           deepen strategic cooperation with power groups, system integrators, and leading enterprises in wind power,
           photovoltaic and other segments to steadily expand the incremental business of new energy power stations, and
           will explore diversified business models of industrial and commercial energy storage to drive continuous growth
           in shipments. In terms of the international market, leveraging the established overseas channels, the Group will
           achieve comprehensive connections and multi-dimensional cooperation with the international leading integrators,
           developers and owners, complete the supporting facilities of overseas projects for the next-generation “UltraLife” (至
           久) 600Ah+ large energy storage cells, and fully achieve the implementation and delivery of liquid-cooled container
           system in high value markets such as Europe, Japan and United States. At the same time, the Group will accelerate
           the market penetration of the household energy storage and industrial and commercial energy storage products, and
           promote the energy storage business to realize “scale expansion”, achieving a leapfrog growth in energy storage
           sector.




16   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Management Discussion And Analysis




In terms of the ship market, the Group will continue to advance globalization strategy and full-scenario layout,
expand its presence in domestic and overseas markets, and deepen the scale effect of “Electrified Yangtze River”,
“Zero-Carbon Ports” and offshore shipping in China. Meanwhile, the Group will accelerate its overseas operation,
and its strategic synergy with global leading customers and industry chain partners. At the same time, the Group will
continue to lead the iteration of core technologies, such as security protection and intelligent management system of
high-capacity and high-magnification cells and marine batteries, upgrade from single product supply to a full-stack
plan of “battery system + battery swapping and charging network + operational services” in terms of ecosystem. By
building a zero-carbon power ecosystem covering inland waters, nearshore zone and ocean, the Group will become
an innovation driver of global shipping decarbonization.


In terms of low-altitude, robots and other emerging markets, the solid batteries, solid-liquid hybrid batteries
and other products of the Group are also expected to enter the phase of batch deliveries. In terms of the low-
altitude market, the Group will continue to focus on the development needs of low-altitude economy, address
the pain points within the industry with leading battery products, guide the industry specifications by standard
formulation, empower OEMs with a full-stack energy plan, and promote the implementation of low-altitude battery
swapping and charging network and full life-cycle system by ecosystem co-construction, fully supporting the
large-scale and commercialization development of China’s eVTOL industry and contributing core energy strength
to the China’s low-altitude economy as it advances toward global leadership. In terms of the robot market,
the Group will capture the industry development opportunities, rely on its advanced electrochemistry and system
integration technology, focus on the robot-specific energy plan with high power density, enhanced safety, long life
and light weight, deepen its synergy with the leading OEMs, and continuously improve its product competitiveness
and expand its market coverage, so as to proactively build the energy capacity targeting the next generation of
intelligent equipment.


Zero-Carbon Technology and Sustainable Development
Guided by its goal of “achieving carbon neutrality in core operation by 2030, achieving carbon neutrality in value
chain by 2040”, the Group is deeply advancing improvement in energy efficiency and transition of energy structures,
and gradually increase the percentage of clean energy consumption. The Group will also target “zero-carbon
technology”, “ecological synergy” and “systematic innovation”, continuously develop excellent green low-carbon
products and solutions, as well as deploy new energy systems such as zero-carbon industrial parks and zero-carbon
cities.


The Group will boost industry innovation by virtue of technological innovation, work with partners along the
upstream and downstream of the value chain in a concerted effort to build a clean, low-carbon, safe and efficient
energy system, making contributions to the development of global climate governance and energy civilization.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025       17
     Management Discussion And Analysis




     IV.   Financial Review
           Overview
           During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group increased from RMB27,751.53 million for the year ended
           31 December 2024 to RMB44,400.07 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing an increase of
           60.0%; the Group’s profit for the year increased from RMB843.63 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
           RMB2,095.22 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing an increase of 148.4%. The basic earnings
           per share of the Group increased from RMB0.3336 for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB0.8326 for the
           year ended 31 December 2025, representing an increase of 149.6%.


           Financial indicators
           The key financial indicators of the Group are set out as follows:


             Financial indicators                                                               2025                  2024


             Net sales margin (%)                                                               4.7%                 3.0%


           The net sales margin of the Group increased by 1.7 percentage points from 3.0% for the year ended 31 December
           2024 to 4.7% for the year ended 31 December 2025, primarily due to the sustained high growth of the Group’s
           leading-edge technology products across sectors, including passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and energy
           storage applications, and the Group’s continued efforts to promote cost reduction through technology and
           management, resulting in a lower proportion of operating expenses to revenue and improved operational efficiency.


           Revenue structure


           During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the sales of EV batteries, ESS products and
           others. The revenue of the Group increased from RMB27,751.53 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to
           RMB44,400.07 million for the year ended 31 December 2025, representing an increase of 60.0%. The increase was
           mainly due to the sustained high growth of the Group’s leading-edge technology products across sectors, including
           passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and energy storage applications.




18   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                         Management Discussion And Analysis




1)   Revenue by product

                                                         2025                                 2024
                                                                Percentage                           Percentage
      Items
                                                 Revenue         of revenue           Revenue        of revenue
                                               (RMB’000)                 (%)        (RMB’000)              (%)


      EV batteries                            30,299,670                68.2       19,550,893             70.4
      ESS products and others                 14,100,397                31.8        8,200,633             29.6


      Total                                   44,400,067               100.0       27,751,526            100.0


     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of EV batteries of the Group increased
     by 55.0% from RMB19,550.89 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB30,299.67 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2025. The year-on-year increase in the revenue generated from the sales of EV
     batteries was mainly attributable to the rapid growth in sales volume in passenger vehicles and commercial
     vehicles.


     During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the ESS products and others of the Group increased
     by 71.9% from RMB8,200.63 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB14,100.40 million for
     the year ended 31 December 2025. The strong increase was mainly because the substantial growth in annual
     shipment volume attributable to the Group’s continuous efforts to explore the ESS segment.


2)   Revenue by geographical location of product delivery

                                                         2025                                 2024
                                                                Percentage                           Percentage
      Items
                                                 Revenue         of revenue           Revenue        of revenue
                                               (RMB’000)                 (%)        (RMB’000)              (%)


      Chinese Mainland                        43,480,833                97.9       27,111,618             97.7
      Overseas regions                            919,234                2.1          639,908               2.3


      Total                                   44,400,067               100.0       27,751,526            100.0


     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from Chinese Mainland increased by 60.4% from
     RMB27,111.62 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB43,480.83 million for the year ended
     31 December 2025. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from overseas regions increased by
     43.7% from RMB639.91 million for the year ended 31 December 2024 to RMB919.23 million for the year
     ended 31 December 2025. The overall increase of revenue from Chinese Mainland and overseas regions was
     mainly due to the continuous high growth of the Group’s leading-edge technology products across business
     sectors, including passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles and energy storage applications.



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025   19
     Management Discussion And Analysis




           Financial position
           1)     Assets
                  The total assets of the Group increased from RMB122,473.38 million as at 31 December 2024 to
                  RMB148,555.13 million as at 31 December 2025, representing an increase of 21.3%, among which,
                  non-current assets increased from RMB86,868.00 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB101,037.64 million
                  as at 31 December 2025, representing an increase of 16.3%. Such increase was mainly due to the addition
                  of property, plant and equipment as the Group continued to invest in the projects under construction.
                  Current assets increased from RMB35,605.39 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB47,517.49 million as at
                  31 December 2025, representing an increase of 33.5%. Such growth was mainly due to an increase in trade
                  receivables and inventories as the Company continued to expand its business scale.


           2)     Liabilities
                  The total liabilities of the Group increased from RMB74,419.46 million as at 31 December 2024 to
                  RMB95,098.52 million as at 31 December 2025, representing an increase of 27.8%, among which, current
                  liabilities increased from RMB45,584.30 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB60,290.30 million as at 31
                  December 2025, representing an increase of 32.3%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in trade
                  and bills payables, trade financing, etc., as the Company continued to expand its business scale. Non-current
                  liabilities increased from RMB28,835.16 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB34,808.22 million as at
                  31 December 2025, representing an increase of 20.7%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in
                  syndicated borrowings for projects and bond payables to meet capital requirements for significant projects.


           Liquidity and financial resources
           The operating cash inflow of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB10,160.09 million,
           representing an increase of 226.4% as compared to RMB3,113.10 million for the year ended 31 December 2024,
           which was mainly attributable to the sustained business growth, enhanced operating efficiency and increase in profit
           of the Group.


           The bank and cash balances (including pledged and restricted bank deposits) of the Group as at 31 December 2025
           were approximately RMB12,190.89 million (31 December 2024: RMB12,435.96 million).


           The total borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025, including all bank loans and bond payables, amounted
           to approximately RMB57,266.59 million (31 December 2024: RMB46,116.38 million). The repayment terms of the
           bank loans and bond payables are as follows: approximately RMB25,119.56 million are due within one year and
           approximately RMB32,147.03 million are due after one year.


           The Group had sufficient liquidity to meet the requirements of its daily liquidity management, repayment of debts
           due and capital expenditure.




20   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion And Analysis




Capital structure
The financial management department under the Group is responsible for its financial risk management, aiming
to ensure that the liquidity structure of the assets, liabilities and other commitments of the Group could meet its
funding needs on an ongoing basis.


The borrowings of the Group were mainly settled in Renminbi, while its cash and cash equivalents were mainly held
in Renminbi, U.S. dollars, Euro, Hong Kong dollars and Thailand baht. The Group planned to maintain an appropriate
portfolio of equity and debt during the period to ensure an effective capital structure. As at 31 December 2025, the
outstanding loans of the Group were RMB-denominated loans with approximately 15.9% of these outstanding loans
bearing interest at fixed rates and the remainder at floating rates.


The Group monitored the capital structure by using the liability-to-asset ratio (i.e. total liabilities divided by total
assets) and the gearing ratio (i.e. net debt divided by equity), with its policies to maintain financial stability and
support the sustainable, healthy and rapid development of the Group’s business. Net debt includes bond payables,
lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and financial guarantee and is net of cash and cash
equivalents, with equity being total equity. The liability-to-asset ratio of the Group as at 31 December 2025 was
64.0% (31 December 2024: 60.8%), and the gearing ratio was 91.3% (31 December 2024: 77.5%). The increase
in the liability-to-asset ratio and the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increased bank borrowings to address the
funding needs for the Company’s sustainable business growth and investment in significant projects. The Group has
maintained its financial stability amidst rapid business development.


Foreign exchange risk
The business operations of our Group are principally located in Chinese Mainland and most of its transactions are
conducted in Renminbi. Except for certain bank balances which are denominated in U.S. dollars, Euro, Hong Kong
dollars, Thailand baht and other foreign currencies, most of the assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi,
therefore the Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not
experience any material difficulties or impact on its operations or liquidity as a result of fluctuations in currency
exchange rates. The Group believes that the Group will have sufficient foreign currencies to meet its foreign
exchange needs, and will take effective measures such as natural hedging to manage foreign exchange risks.


Capital expenditure
During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted
to RMB15,336.16 million (2024: RMB16,606.58 million), which were mainly used for the construction of production
facilities and the upgrade of existing machinery and equipment. The capital expenditures of the Group were mainly
funded by the Group’s own funds, bank borrowings, issuance of bonds as well as cash inflow from the operating
activities of the Group.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025       21
     Management Discussion And Analysis




           Capital commitments
           During the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group were mainly related to the acquisition of
           property, plant and equipment. The total of capital expenditures contracted but not incurred as at 31 December
           2025 was RMB11,296.96 million (31 December 2024: RMB14,620.08 million).


           Restricted assets
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group had restricted assets with a total carrying amount of RMB22,167.70 million
           for obtaining bank loans and other bank facilities. These assets include pledged and restricted bank deposits
           of RMB2,553.19 million, other financial assets of RMB2,595.70 million, property, plant and equipment of
           RMB16,155.20 million and right-of-use assets of RMB863.61 million.


           Significant investments held
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


           Future plans for significant investments and capital assets
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any plans for significant external investments and capital assets.


           Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
           On 6 May 2025, the Company entered into the share transfer agreement and the voting rights waiver agreement
           with Li Hongqing (the “Vendor”), the de facto controller of Jiangsu Olive Sensors High-tech Corporation Limited*
           (江蘇奧力威傳感高科股份有限公司) (“Olive Sensors” or the “Target Company”, listed on the ChiNext Board of
           the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (the “SZSE”) (stock code: 300507)). Olive Sensors operates in the automotive parts
           and accessories manufacturing industry, specifically in the automotive core electronics sub-sector. Pursuant thereto,
           the Company has conditionally agreed to acquire, and the Vendor has conditionally agreed to sell, 87,620,380 A
           shares of the Target Company (the “Acquisition”). The price of the target shares for the Acquisition was RMB5.83
           per target share. The consideration for the Acquisition shall be RMB510,826,815.40 in total. Concurrently, the
           Vendor has agreed to give up its voting rights attached to a portion of shares held by him in the Target Company,
           totaling 155,725,311 A shares, during the waiver period.


           On 6 May 2025, the Company entered into the placement subscription agreement with the Target Company,
           pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Target Company has conditionally
           agreed to allot and issue to the Company, up to 119,482,337 placement A shares (the “Subscription”) at the
           subscription price of RMB5.63 per placement A share. The total amount of the Subscription shall not exceed
           RMB672,685,557.31.


           The Acquisition and the voting rights waiver constitute an indivisible whole and are not conditional upon the
           Subscription, while the Subscription is subject to and conditional upon the implementation of the Acquisition and
           the voting rights waiver.




22   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                          Management Discussion And Analysis




    On 10 October 2025, the transfer registration of the target shares for the Acquisition was completed, and the
    Company holds 10.94%1 equity interest in the Target Company. On 21 November 2025 (the “Acquisition Date”),
    the Target Company held the general meeting to consider and approve the adjustment to the composition of the
    board of directors. Immediately after the completion of the transfer registration of the target shares, the voting
    rights waiver, and the adjustment to the composition of the board of directors of the Target Company as stipulated
    in the share transfer agreement, all the conditions precedent to the Acquisition have been fulfilled, the Target
    Company is deemed as a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and the financial results of the Target
    Company will be consolidated into the consolidated financial statements of the Group. Details of the Acquisition are
    set out in note 5 and note 45 to the consolidated financial statements.


    Investment performance of material acquisitions during the Reporting Period

    As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the Group’s equity investment in the Target Company, amounted to
    approximately RMB805,231,292.20, measured using the quoted share prices in respective stock markets for its
    shares accounting for approximately 0.54% of the Group’s total assets at the end of the Reporting Period. During
    the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any dividends from the Target Company.


    Discussion on the investment strategy for material acquisitions

    The Board is of the view that the Acquisition and the Subscription are conducive to the implementation of the
    Group’s development strategy. The Group will fully leverage its resources and advantages in the new energy and
    automotive industry chains to empower the business development of the Target Company, further enhancing the
    value of the Group and the Target Company.


    Performance guarantee of the Acquisition
    Pursuant to the share transfer agreement, the Vendor undertakes that if the Target Company’s consolidated net
    profits attributable to the owners of the Target Company (as recorded in the annual audit report) fall below RMB178
    million for 2025 and RMB195 million for 2026, respectively, the Vendor shall compensate the Company. The specific
    compensation amount is calculated according to the following formula: Compensation Amount for the Year =
    Acquisition Consideration × (Committed Net Profits Attributable to the Parent Company for the Year – Actual Net
    Profits Attributable to the Parent Company for the Year)/Committed Net Profits Attributable to the Parent Company
    for the Year. The compensation paid shall not be refunded, and no additional reward will be granted if actual profits
    exceed the amounts committed. The aforementioned compensation is capped at RMB80 million. The aforesaid
    compensation shall be completed within 30 days following the issuance of the annual audit reports of the Target
    Company for the years 2025 and 2026, respectively (the “Performance Commitment”).


    In accordance with the standard and unqualified audit report of the Target Company (Rong Cheng Shen Zi
    [2026] No.200Z0021) issued by RSM China (special general partnership) on 16 April 2026, the audited net profit
    attributable to owners of the parent company of the Target Company for 2025 amounted to RMB120 million, failing
    to fulfil the Performance Commitment for 2025.


1   In accordance with the relevant announcements disclosed by the Target Company on the CNINFO website (cninfo.com.cn) of the Shenzhen
    Stock Exchange on 13 October 2025, as of 13 October 2025, the total number of shares of Olive Sensors was changed to 800,646,907 shares
    due to the equity incentive of Olive Sensors, and the number of shares for which Li Hongqing has unconditionally and irrevocably given up
    his voting rights pursuant to the voting rights waiver agreement was adjusted from 155,725,311 shares to 155,912,289 shares (representing
    19.47% of the total number of shares of the Target Company). By way of the Acquisition and the voting rights waiver arrangement, the total
    number of shares with voting rights held by Li Hongqing in the Target Company was changed to 47,588,035 shares (representing 5.94% of
    the total number of shares of the Target Company); and the total number of shares with voting rights held by CALB in the Target Company
    was 87,620,380 shares (representing 10.94% of the total number of shares of the Target Company).

                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025          23
     Management Discussion And Analysis




           Actions taken and to be taken by the Company

           Pursuant to the share transfer agreement, the Vendor shall deposit RMB80 million as performance guarantee into
           the account designated by the Company (the “Performance Guarantee”) within five (5) business days upon the
           Vendor having received the first instalment of the consideration for the Acquisition. The Performance Guarantee is
           to guarantee the due performance by the Vendor of his obligations relating to contingent events, representations
           and warranties, voting rights waiver, and default events (collectively referred to as “Compensation Events”) under
           the share transfer agreement and the voting rights waiver agreement with a performance guarantee period of sixty
           (60) months from the effective date of the share transfer agreement. In the event that any Compensation Events
           arise during the performance guarantee period, the Performance Guarantee shall be directly applied to offset such
           matters.


           Given that the Target Company failed to fulfill the Performance Commitment for 2025, as of the date of this
           report, the Company has applied the Performance Guarantee to offset such compensation. Accordingly, the Vendor
           has performed the compensation obligation in respect of the Performance Commitment in accordance with the
           share transfer agreement. The Board is of the view that the Company’s exercise of rights under the performance
           guarantee undertaking clauses of the share transfer agreement against the Vendor is fair and reasonable, and in
           interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole.


           As at the date of this report, the Subscription has not yet been completed. Further announcement(s) in relation to
           the update on progress relating to, among other matters, the Subscription will be made in accordance with the
           Listing Rules in due course, if necessary. For further details of the Acquisition and the Subscription, please refer to
           the announcements of the Company dated 6 May 2025, 9 July 2025 and 21 November 2025 and its circular dated
           18 June 2025.


           Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Group had no other material acquisitions and disposals of
           subsidiaries and associates.


           Contingent liabilities
           As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.




24   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                             Profile of Directors, Supervisors and
                                             Senior Management

DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜), born in April 1970, is the chairwoman of our Board, as well as an executive Director and general
manager of our Company. Liu Jingyu has been a Director of our Company since 20 July 2018, by election at the
Shareholders’ meetings of our Company, was appointed as the chairwoman of the Board of our Company on 27 July 2018
and has been the general manager of our Company since 6 August 2018. She was designated as our executive Director on
10 December 2021. Liu Jingyu is also the chairwoman of the board or a Director of CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航
技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司), CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司), CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航
科技(江蘇)有限公司), CALB Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限公司), CALB (Wuhan) Co.,
Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司), CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中
創新航科技(成都)有限公司), Li Ding Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (立鼎材料科技(四川)有限公司), CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*
(中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司), CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中
創新航科技(四川)有限公司), CALB Smart Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司), CALB (Handan)
Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(邯鄲)有限公司), CALB (Shandong) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(山東)有限公司), Jiangsu Olive Sensors
High-tech Corporation Limited* (江蘇奧力威傳感高科股份有限公司), CALB (Xinyang) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(信陽)有限
公司), CALB (Zigong) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(自貢)有限公司), CALB (HK) Co., Limited and CALB (EUROPE), S.A. She also
serves as the chairwoman of the board of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery Innovation Center Co., Ltd. (江蘇動力
及儲能電池創新中心有限公司), an associate of our Company. Liu Jingyu is mainly responsible for overall strategic planning
and operational decision of our Company. She also serves as the chairwoman of Strategy and Sustainable Development
Committee and Nomination Committee, and as a member of Remuneration Committee of our Company.


Liu Jingyu has received many honors including:


•      in February 2025, she was awarded the honorary title of “2024 Outstanding Entrepreneur” (2024年度優秀企業家)
       by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


•      in March 2024, she was awarded the honorary title of “Enterprise Expert” (企業專家) by the Jiangsu Economic Think
       Tank (江蘇經濟智庫);


•      in March 2024, she was awarded the honorary title of “Jiangsu Top Ten Economic News Figures 2023”(2023年度江
       蘇十大經濟新聞人物稱號) by Xinhua Daily Media Group;




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025     25
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •     in February 2024, she was awarded the honorary title of “Star Entrepreneur” (明星企業家) by the Changzhou
           Municipal People’s Government, and the honorary titles of “Ziwei Medal” (紫薇獎章), “Outstanding Contribution
           Award 2023” (2023年度傑出貢獻獎) and “Outstanding Entrepreneur 2023” (2023年度優秀企業家) by the People’s
           Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


     •     in March 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Jiangsu Outstanding Entrepreneur of Social Responsibility
           2022” (2022年度江蘇社會責任杰出企業家) by Xinhua Daily Media Group;


     •     in January 2023, she was elected as a “representative of the 14th National People’s Congress of China”;


     •     in January 2023, she was awarded the honorary title of “Industrial Star Entrepreneur” (工業明星企業家) by
           Changzhou Municipal People’s Government;


     •     in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary titles of “the Top Ten Women in Science and Technology Innovation in
           Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省科技創新十大女傑) and “the Outstanding Female Talent of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省巾幗
           智造之星) by three major departments including the Women’s Federation of Jiangsu Province;


     •     in July 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020-2021 Integrity Model and Integrity Star” (常州市
           2020-2021年度“誠信標兵”“誠信之星”) by 7 major departments including the Propaganda Department of the CPC
           Changzhou Municipal Committee, and was awarded as “Changzhou Advanced Individual in Promoting High-quality
           Development 2022” (2022常州市推動高質量發展先進個人);


     •     in February 2022, she was awarded the honorary title of “Outstanding Entrepreneur of Jintan District of Changzhou
           City” (常州市金壇區優秀企業家) by the CPC Changzhou Jintan District Committee and Changzhou Jintan District
           People’s Government;


     •     in April 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Model Worker in Jintan District of Changzhou City” (常州市金
           壇區勞動模範) by Changzhou Jintan District People’s Government;


     •     in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “Advanced Person Contributing to Jintan District” (貢獻金
           壇先進人物) by Changzhou Jintan District People’s Government.




26   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                    Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Liu Jingyu has been a recognized senior accountant since December 2005 and a certified public accountant recognized by
the Shenzhen Institute of Certified Public Accountants since March 2007. Liu Jingyu was recognized as a registered valuer
by the Shenzhen Association of Registered Asset Appraisers in 2001 and was recognized as a certified tax agent by the
Shenzhen Registered Tax Agent Management Center in 2001.


Liu Jingyu obtained a master’s degree in management majoring in accounting from Dongbei University of Finance and
Economics (東北財經大學) in April 2005.


Dai Ying (戴穎), born in June 1978, is the executive Director, deputy general manager and joint company secretary of our
Company. Dai Ying has been the deputy general manager of our Company since 3 April 2019 and was appointed as our
Director on 2 December 2020. He was designated as an executive Director of our Company on 10 December 2021 and
appointed as the company secretary of the Company on 6 January 2022 (effective upon Listing). Dai Ying also acts as a
director of CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限
公司), CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司),
CALB (Zigong) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(自貢)有限公司), and Jiangsu Olive Sensors High-tech Corporation Limited* (江蘇奧
力威傳感高科股份有限公司). Dai Ying is primarily responsible for the compliant operations and corporate governance of the
listed company, as well as capital operations, investment and financing, and brand management. Dai Ying is also a member
of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee of the Company.


Dai Ying has over 20 years of experience in business management, capital operations, investment and financing. Prior to
joining our Company, he served as the deputy general manager and secretary of the board of directors of Shenzhen Tongyi
Industrial Co., Ltd.* (深圳市同益實業股份有限公司) from August 2018 to April 2019. Dai Ying worked as the secretary of
the board of directors in Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司) from November 2016 to January
2018. From April 2014 to January 2018, he served as an assistant president of Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微
電子股份有限公司). From May 2011 to April 2014, he worked at Ping An Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (平安基金管理有限
公司). He worked in Da Cheng Fund Management Co., Ltd.* (大成基金管理有限公司) from October 2009 to May 2011 and
worked at Ping An Life Insurance Company of China, Ltd.* (平安人壽保險股份有限公司) from April 2004 to October 2009.
From May 2000 to August 2002, he worked at Yingda Securities Co., Ltd.* (英大證券有限責任公司).


Dai Ying obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics majoring in International Finance from Zhongnan University of
Economics and Law (中南財經政法大學) in June 1999.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025      27
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Non-Executive Directors
     Hu Jing (胡婧), born in November 1989, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Hu Jing has served at Jiangsu Jintan
     Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司) since January 2021 where she has successively served as
     assistant to general manager, a member of the Party Committee, director and deputy general manager. In September 2024,
     she was appointed as a member of the Party Committee and deputy general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group
     Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司).


     Prior to joining Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司), Hu Jing served as a financial
     management specialist at the Local Financial Supervision and Administration Bureau in Jintan District, Changzhou City* (常
     州市金壇區地方金融監督管理局) from September 2019 to December 2020, responsible for the shareholding system reform
     and listing of enterprises in Jintan District; from May 2017 to September 2019, she served as the general manager of the
     Fund Management Department at Jiangsu Yida Huijing Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (江蘇毅達匯景資產管理有限公司),
     responsible for the company’s fund operation and management; from May 2015 to April 2017, Hu Jing worked at Nanjing
     Branch, The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited, responsible for financial market business; and from July 2014 to February
     2015, she worked at Xiamen Branch, Agricultural Bank of China.


     Hu Jing also holds various positions in Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) and its
     subsidiaries and associates, including:


     •      the legal representative and chairwoman of Changzhou Jianghuan Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (常州江環能源科技
            有限公司) since November 2024;


     •      the appointed representative of the executive affairs partner of Changzhou Jintan Hualuogeng Technological
            Innovation Angel Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (常州金壇華羅庚科創天使投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
            since May 2024;


     •      a director of Beidian New Energy Technology (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (北電新能源科技(江蘇)有限公司) since May 2024;


     •      a director of EGING PV Technology Co., LTD., a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai
            Stock Exchange (stock code: 600537), since April 2024;


     •      a supervisor of Jiangsu Zhongdian Cable Research Institute Co., Ltd.* (江蘇中電線纜研究院有限公司) since March
            2022;


     •      the general manager of Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙科技投資有限公司) since
            January 2022;


     •      the legal representative and an executive director of Changzhou Jintan District Industrial Innovation and
            Development Private Equity Fund Co., Ltd.* (常州市金壇區產業創新發展私募基金有限公司) since January 2022.


     Hu Jing obtained a dual bachelor’s degree in engineering and economics from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2011,
     and a master’s degree in finance from Xiamen University (廈門大學) in June 2014.




28   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Li Jiancun (李建存), born in September 1989, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Li Jiancun has served as the
deputy general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) since October 2024.
Prior to that, Li Jiancun served as the deputy general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇
投資控股有限公司) from December 2022 to October 2024; from January 2020 to December 2022, he worked at Jiangsu
Jintan Construction Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇建設發展有限公司) as the assistant to the general manager and
served as the general manager of Changzhou Jiangdong Resource Management Co., Ltd.* (常州江東資源經營有限公司);
from September 2019 to December 2020, he served as a legal specialist of financial investment affairs at Jiangsu Jintan
Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司); from September 2017 to September 2019, he served as an
internal control and compliance manager at Changzhou Branch, China Bohai Bank and during the same time he also served
as a legal specialist at Nanjing Branch, China Bohai Bank; and from July 2014 to September 2017, he worked at Changzhou
Branch, Bank of China and his last position was office secretary.


Li Jiancun also holds various positions in Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) and its
subsidiaries, including:


•      a director of EGING PV Technology Co., LTD., a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai
       Stock Exchange (stock code: 600537), since 19 April 2024;


•      an executive director and the legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Jinsha Construction Investment Development Co.,
       Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金沙建設投資發展有限公司) since 30 January 2024;


•      an executive director and the legal representative of Jiangsu Jintan Financing Guarantee Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇融資擔
       保有限公司) since 17 February 2023;


•      the chairman of Changzhou Changdanghu Smart Energy Co., Ltd.* (常州長蕩湖智慧能源有限公司) since 2 March
       2023;


•      the chairman and legal representative of Changzhou Jiangdong Wojia Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (常州江東
       我家信息技術有限公司) since 25 July 2022;


•      the chairman and legal representative of Changzhou Jiangdong Urban Service Co., Ltd.* (常州江東城市服務有限公司)
       since 31 October 2022.


Li Jiancun obtained a master’s degree majoring in law from Fudan University (復旦大學) in June 2014. He obtained a
bachelor’s degree majoring in international economics and trade from Jiangsu Teachers University of Technology* (江蘇技術
師範學院) in June 2011.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025      29
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Xie Jieping (謝潔平), born in November 1972, is a non-executive Director of our Company. Xie Jieping has served as the
     general manager of Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司) from 27 May 2024 until now. Xie
     Jieping successively served as the general manager of the fund management department and deputy general manager from
     April 2013 to February 2015 and general manager from February 2015 to May 2024, and has served as the chairwoman
     (responsible for daily operations) since December 2024 in Xiamen Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門市創業投資有限公司).
     Xie Jieping served as the deputy general manager of Xiamen Taikun Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門泰坤投資有限公司) from
     January 2005 to July 2012; from July 2002 to December 2004, Xie Jieping served as the financial director and assistant
     to chairman of Xiamen Weidiya Technology Co. Ltd.* (廈門威迪亞科技有限公司); and from July 1993 to June 2002, she
     successively served as clerk and head of the international settlement department and the fund operation department in
     Xiamen International Bank.


     Xie Jieping also holds multiple positions in various companies currently, mainly including:


     •      a non-executive director of Epiworld International Co., Ltd. (瀚天天成電子科技(廈門)股份有限公司), a company
            whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2726), from March 2025 until now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Sky Semiconductor Technology Co. Ltd.* (廈門雲天半導體科技有限公司) from December 2024
            until now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Tianma Display Technology Co., Ltd.* (廈門天馬顯示科技有限公司) from November 2024 until
            now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Silan Jihong Semiconductor Co., Ltd.* (廈門士蘭集宏半導體有限公司) from September 2024
            until now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司) from March 2024 until now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Yaxun Zhilian Technology Co., Ltd.* (廈門雅迅智聯科技股份有限公司) from June 2023 until
            now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Tianma Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.* (廈門天馬光電子有限公司) from May 2022 until now;


     •      a director of UCAR (Xiamen) Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (神州優車(廈門)信息科技有限公司) from May 2019
            until now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Software Information Industrial Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門市軟件信息產業創業投資有限公
            司) from July 2016 until now;


     •      a director of Xiamen Fukaihai Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門富凱海創投資管理有限公司) from June
            2016 until now;




30   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




•      a director of Xiamen Gaoneng Haiyin Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門高能海銀創業投資管理有限公司)
       from November 2015 until now;


•      a director of Xiamen Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (廈門市創業投資有限公司) from March 2015 until now;


•      a director of Xiamen Saifu Venture Capital Management Co., Ltd.* (廈門賽富創業投資管理有限公司) from October
       2014 until now.


In addition, Xie Jieping currently serves as the president of the Xiamen Entrepreneurship and Investment Association (廈門
市創業與投資協會) and the director of the Private Equity Fund Self-discipline and Supervision Committee of the Securities,
Futures and Fund Association of Xiamen (廈門證券期貨基金業協會私募基金自律監察專業委員會). With many years of
experience in the financial industry and industrial and equity investment fund sectors, she was recognized as a “High-Level
Financial Specialist in Xiamen” (廈門市高層次金融人才) in 2021.


Xie Jieping obtained her degree of bachelor in economics in July 1993 and degree of master in business administration in
April 2013 from Xiamen University.


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Dr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生博士), born in March 1969, is our independent non-executive Director. Dr. Wang joined
our Company and was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Dr. Wang is mainly
responsible for supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company.
Dr. Wang is the chairman of our Audit Committee and a member of our Nomination Committee.


Dr. Wang has extensive experience in investment, financing and corporate management. Since April 2017, Dr. Wang has
been a professor and doctoral supervisor in the Department of Finance of Southern University of Science and Technology
(南方科技大學). From April 2017 to August 2023, Dr. Wang served as an independent non-executive director of Shahe
Industrial Co., Ltd.* (沙河實業股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange (stock code: 000014); from December 2016 to July 2022, he served as an independent non-executive director
of Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board
of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000050); from January 2016 to February 2022, he served as an independent
non-executive director of Wedge Industrial Co., Ltd., a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 000534); and from July 2003 to April 2017, he worked at the Economics and Management
School of Harbin Institute of Technology Shenzhen Graduate School* (哈爾濱工業大學深圳研究生院) as a professor.


Dr. Wang also currently serves as the following positions:


•      an independent non-executive director of Changyuan Technology Group Ltd.* (長園科技集團股份有限公司), a
       company whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600525), and is principally engaged
       in the R&D and manufacturing of intelligent digitalization of industrial and power systems;




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025      31
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •       an independent non-executive director of Dowell Service Group Co. Limited* (東原仁知城市運營服務集團股份有限
             公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 02352), and is principally
             engaged in the provision of comprehensive services for property projects;


     •       an independent non-executive director of Feiyada Precision Technology Co., Ltd., a company whose shares are
             listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000026), and is principally engaged in the business of various
             timepieces and accessories.


     Dr. Wang has been qualified as a certified public accountant (non-practising member) in the PRC in May 1997. Dr. Wang
     graduated with a bachelor of science degree from Changsha Institute of Electric Power* (長沙電力學院) in July 1991 and he
     graduated from Renmin University of China (中國人民大學) with a master’s degree in economics in 1994. Dr. Wang received
     his doctor degree in law majoring in international economic law from School of Law, Peking University (北京大學) in July
     2000 and postdoctoral degree majoring in management from School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University
     (清華大學) in July 2002. Dr. Wang also held a master’s degree in business administration from University of Chicago in May
     2004.


     Dr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐博士), born in July 1970, is our independent non-executive Director. Dr. Chen joined our
     Company and was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 25 December 2021. Dr. Chen is mainly
     responsible for supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company.
     Dr. Chen is the chairman of our Remuneration Committee and a member of our Audit Committee and Nomination
     Committee.


     Dr. Chen has extensive experience on providing advice on legal risk control, dispute resolution and mergers and acquisition
     for listed companies and state-owned enterprises. Dr. Chen is currently an attorney at Guangdong Sincere Qianhai Law
     Offices* (廣東星晨(前海)律師事務所) and a Registered Foreign Lawyer in Hong Kong. Dr. Chen has been a senior partner
     at JunZeJun Law Offices (君澤君律師事務所) from August 2012 to December 2025; from November 2017 to August 2024,
     Dr. Chen served as an independent non-executive director of Shenzhen Nanshan Power Co., Ltd.* (深圳南山熱電股份有限
     公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000037); from
     August 2016 to October 2022, he served as an independent non-executive director of Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.*
     (天馬微電子股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 000050); from November 2016 to 2019, he served as an independent non-executive director of New Sports Group
     Limited located in Hong Kong, a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (currently
     known as Glory Sun Land Group Limited) (stock code: 00299); from May 2014 to July 2023, he served as an independent
     non-executive director of Hubei Sanxia New Building Materials Co., Ltd. (湖北三峽新型建材股份有限公司), a company
     whose shares are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600293); from 2010 to 2012, he was a counsel
     and partner at King & Wood Mallesons (金杜律師事務所); and from 1994 to 2010, he held various positions at Shenzhen
     Intermediate People’s Court where his last position was Deputy Chief Judge at the Company Liquidation and Bankruptcy
     Division of Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court* (深圳市中級人民法院(公司清算與破產審判庭)).




32   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Dr. Chen also currently serves as an independent non-executive director at other companies including:


•      Arashi Vision Inc, a company whose shares are listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of Shanghai
       Stock Exchange (stock code: 688775).


•      Funde Life Insurance Holdings Company Limited*(富德生命保險控股股份有限公司);


•      Sino Life Asset Management Co., Ltd.* (生命保險資產管理有限公司);


•      Funde Sino Life Insurance Company Limited* (富德生命人壽股份有限公司).


Dr. Chen is an arbitrator at China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (中國國際經濟貿易仲裁委員
會), Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration (深圳國際仲裁院), the Huizhou Arbitration Commission (惠州仲裁委員會),
and the Chongqing International Commercial Arbitration Court (重慶國際商事仲裁院). Dr. Chen graduated from Southwest
University of Political Science & Law (西南政法大學) with a bachelor’s degree in economic law in July 1994 and received his
master’s degree in common law from the University of Hong Kong in December 2003. He also obtained a doctoral degree
in civil and commercial law from Jilin University (吉林大學) in December 2008.


Dr. Xiao Wen (肖文博士), born in June 1969, is our independent non-executive Director. Dr. Xiao joined our Company
and was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 10 October 2025. Dr. Xiao is mainly responsible for
supervising and providing judgment to our Board, thereby protecting the overall interest of our Company. Dr. Xiao is a
member of our Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee, Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee.


Dr. Xiao has a wealth of experience in corporate strategy and operations, and corporate governance. Since July 2007,
Dr. Xiao has been a faculty member at the University of Electronic Science and Technology of China (UESTC) through its
talent recruitment program, focusing her research and teaching on corporate strategy management. She currently holds
joint appointments as a professor at the School of Management and Economics and professor at the Advanced Institute of
Humanities and Social Sciences, and serves as the chief professor for the “Internet+” undergraduate program (本科“互聯
網+”) at UESTC. Additionally, she is a visiting full professor at ISCTE University Institute of Lisbon, Portugal. Her previous
roles at UESTC include assistant dean of the School of Management and Economics (2008-2018), director of Executive
Development Programs (EDP) (2007-2009), deputy director of the Business Research Center (2018-2024), and director of
the UESTC-ISCTE Joint Program of Doctor of Management (2008-2024). From 1990 to July 2007, Dr. Xiao was employed at
Chengdu University, where she held the position of executive dean of the School of International Education.


Dr. Xiao is deeply committed to cutting-edge research in corporate strategy theory and operational practice, underpinned
by her robust theoretical foundation and sharp business insight. She possesses over 15 years of experience in corporate
consulting and executive management training, and provides advisory services to organizations in areas such as strategic
planning, organizational change, and digital transformation. Her extensive work has equipped her with a profound grasp of
the business models and core challenges prevalent across various industries. Furthermore, she excels at delivering strategic
management training and development programs to senior executives, bridging the gap between the academic community
and the business community to drive successful strategy implementation.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025      33
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Dr. Xiao obtained her master’s degree in business administration from UESTC in June 2002 and her doctorate of
     management in management science and engineering from UESTC in March 2007, with a research focus on corporate
     strategy and operations. In 2008, her co-authored monograph, Power Allocation and Managerial Incentives (
                                                                                                            《權力配置與經
        ) won second prize of the 11th Sichuan Provincial Social Science Outstanding Achievement Award (四川省第十一次
     理激勵》
     社會科學優秀成果獎二等獎). Dr. Xiao has never served as an independent director of any other companies.


     Supervisors
     Li Hui (李輝), born in July 1982, is a non-employee representative Supervisor of the Company. Li Hui has served as a
     member of the Party Committee and the secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission of Jiangsu Jintan Investment
     Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) since 6 September 2024. Since March 2019, Li Hui has served as the deputy
     general manager of Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華羅庚科技發展有限公司).
     From June 2016 to February 2019, Li Hui worked as a member of the Party Committee for the Zhiqian Town Government
     in Jintan District, Changzhou City. From November 2013 to May 2016, Li Hui worked as a member of the Party Committee
     at the Rulin Town Government in Jintan District. Prior to joining Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資
     集團有限公司), Li Hui served at the Jintan Municipal Human Resources and Social Security Bureau* (金壇市人力資源和社會
     保障局) from December 2000 to October 2013, and his last position was secretary of the Party Branch for Labor and Law
     Enforcement and deputy captain of the Labor Supervision Brigade.


     Li Hui also holds various positions in Jiangsu Jintan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資集團有限公司) and its
     subsidiaries, including:


     •       an executive director and the legal representative of Jiangsu Yanrui Precision Technology Company Limited* (江蘇炎
             瑞精密科技有限公司) since June 2024;


     •       an executive director and the legal representative of Changzhou Yuanmei New Materials Technology Company
             Limited* (常州源美新材料科技有限公司) since November 2023;


     •       an executive director of Jiangsu Huahang Energy Company Limited* (江蘇華航能源有限公司) since October 2023;


     •       a director of Jiangsu RDF Precision Technology Co., Ltd.* (江蘇瑞德豐精密技術股份有限公司) since October 2021;


     •       the general manager of Changzhou Huake Venture Capital Company Limited* (常州華科創業投資有限公司) since
             May 2021.


     Li Hui has served as a public lawyer for Zhiqian Town Government in Jintan District, Changzhou City since November 2018,
     and a corporate lawyer for Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇華羅庚科技發展有限
     公司) since May 2022. Li Hui obtained a diploma in Law from Central Radio and TV University* (中央廣播電視大學) in July
     2006.




34   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                      Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Cheng Yan (程雁), born in August 1974, is our non-employee representative Supervisor. Cheng Yan joined our Company
on 13 August 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on the same day. Cheng Yan is mainly responsible for supervising
our Directors and senior management of our Company as to the fulfillment of their duties. Cheng Yan possesses extensive
experience in the fields of financial and corporate governance. Cheng Yan joined Sichuan Chengfei Jicheng Technology
Co., Ltd.* (四川成飛集成科技股份有限公司), a company whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock
Exchange (stock code: 002190) (“Chengfei Jicheng”), since January 2002. Chengfei Jicheng is primarily engaged in the
design, development and manufacturing of the tools and dies, with typical products such as the dies for the large and
high-grade outer skin panels used in medium and high-grade cars. Cheng Yan has successively served as various positions
including planner of planning department, person in charge of planning department, person in charge of securities
department, person in charge of project department and secretary of the third to the eighth sessions of the board of
directors of Chengfei Jicheng and she is a member of the Party Committee, chief accountant, board secretary, general legal
counsel, and chief compliance officer of Chengfei Jicheng, currently mainly responsible for Chengfei Jicheng’s financial
work, legal and compliance affairs, information-based management, information disclosure related matters, management of
relationship with investors and dealing with matters in relation to the board meetings.


Cheng Yan also holds various positions in subsidiaries and associates of Chengfei Jicheng, including:


•      a director of Anhui Chengfei Jicheng Rayhoo Motor Dies Co., Ltd.* (安徽成飛集成瑞鵠汽車模具有限公司) since
       January 2025.


Cheng Yan has received a number of awards over the years including:


•      “Top 10 Outstanding Corporate Financial Management Talents in Western China in 2023” (2023年度中國西部地區
       十大企業財務管理卓越人才) awarded by the China Enterprise Financial Evaluation Expert Committee* (中國企業財務
       評價專家委員會) and the China CFO Development Center* (中國CFO發展中心) in 2024;


•      rated 4A in the performance evaluation of the board secretaries awarded by the China Association for Public
       Companies for three consecutive years from 2023 to 2025;


•      excellent Board Secretary of the 14th “Tianma Award” for Investor Relations of Listed Companies in China awarded
       by Securities Times in 2023;


•      excellent Board Secretary of Listed Companies in Sichuan Province of the Year (四川上市公司年度優秀董事會秘書)
       for years of 2016, 2015 and 2013 awarded by Sichuan Listed Companies Association in October 2017, July 2016
       and July 2014, respectively;




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025   35
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     •       Top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise Board 2011 (2011中國中小
             板上市公司百佳董秘) and Top 100 Board Secretaries of Listed Companies in China’s Small and Medium Enterprise
             Board 2010 (2010中國中小板上市公司百佳董秘) awarded by Securities Times in 2012 and 2011, respectively.


     Cheng Yan has been a Senior International Finance Manager (高級國際財務管理師) jointly recognized by International
     Financial Management Association and China Association of Chief Financial Officers since June 2010. She has also been a
     Senior Economist (高級經濟師) recognized by Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the PRC since September
     2020.


     Nian Mingzhu (念明珠), born in March 1987, is the employee representative Supervisor of our Company. Nian Mingzhu
     joined our Company on 15 July 2019 and was appointed as our Supervisor on 15 September 2020. She is mainly
     responsible for supervising our Directors and senior management of our Company on fulfillment of their duties. Apart from
     being our Supervisor, she worked as an equipment procurement director at CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈
     門)有限公司) from July 2019 to September 2020 and had been the equipment procurement director of our Company from
     September 2020 to November 2023, mainly responsible for commercial affairs of our Company’s equipment procurement.
     Since November 2023, she has been a purchasing specialist of the cell purchasing department, primarily responsible for the
     delivery of cathode materials. She has been a project purchasing specialist since October 2024.


     Nian Mingzhu also serves as a supervisor for CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司), CALB Technology
     Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司), CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), CALB (Chengdu)
     Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司), CALB Technology
     (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限公司), CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司),
     CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司), CALB
     (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(四川)有限公司) and CALB Smart Energy Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航智慧能源科技有
     限公司).


     Nian Mingzhu obtained her bachelor’s degree in financial management from Fujian Normal University (福建師範大學) in
     June 2011.




36   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                       Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜), born in April 1970, is the chairwoman of the Board, our executive Director and general manager of
our Company. For the biography of Liu Jingyu, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


Dr. Pan Fangfang (潘芳芳博士), born in November 1984, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Dr. Pan
joined our Company on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as deputy general manager and chief technology officer
of our Company on 5 September 2019. She is mainly responsible for technical planning, organization, and performance
management, while coordinating the advancement of major tasks. Dr. Pan has also served as the person-in-charge of
Shanghai Branch of the Company since 28 July 2022.


Dr. Pan has over ten years of experience in the R&D of battery. From July 2011 to April 2019, she successively served as the
director of the battery materials office, the director of the battery design office, the director of the battery design institute,
the project chief engineer, the deputy chief engineer and the chief technology officer of Luoyang Company, and was mainly
responsible for material R&D, battery products development, scientific research management and major project research.


Dr. Pan received many honors, including:


•      in May 2023, she was awarded the “Jiangsu Youth May Fourth Medal” (江蘇青年五四獎章) jointly by Jiangsu
       Province Committee of Communist Youth League of China (共青團江蘇省委) and Jiangsu Youth Federation (江蘇省
       青年聯合會);


•      in May 2022, she was awarded the “Ten Outstanding Young People in Changzhou” (常州市十大傑出青年) by
       Changzhou Municipal Committee of the Communist Youth League and Changzhou Daily;


•      in March 2022, she was awarded the “March 8 Red Flag Bearer of Jiangsu Province” (江蘇省三八紅旗手) by the
       People’s Government of Jiangsu Province;


•      in March 2022, she was awarded the “Most Beautiful Woman of Changzhou” (常州市最美巾幗人物) by the People’s
       Government of Jiangsu Province;


•      in October 2021, she was awarded the “Top Talent of Changzhou ‘Dragon City Talent Program’” (常州市“龍城英才
       計劃”頂尖人才) by Changzhou Talent Work Leading Group Office;


•      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2020 Outstanding Entrepreneur” (2020年度優秀企業家)
       by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City;


•      in February 2021, she was awarded the honorary title of “2016-2020 Advanced Person of Moving Jintan”
       (2016-2020年感動金壇先進人物) by the People’s Government of Jintan District, Changzhou City.


Dr. Pan obtained her doctoral degree in physical chemistry from University of Science and Technology of China (中國科學技
術大學) in June 2011.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        37
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Dai Ying (戴穎), born in June 1978, is the executive Director, deputy general manager and joint company secretary of our
     Company. For the biography of Dai Ying, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


     Geng Yan’an (耿言安), born in November 1982, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Geng Yan’an joined
     our Company on 1 July 2018 and was appointed as the deputy general manager of the Company on 6 August 2018,
     responsible for the digital intelligence of our Group. Geng Yan’an is the legal representative, director and general manager
     of CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(四川)有限公司) and
     CALB (Zigong) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(自貢)有限公司). Geng Yan’an is also the legal representative and general manager
     of Li Ding Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (立鼎材料科技(四川)有限公司).


     Prior to joining our Company, Geng Yan’an served as assistant president at Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子
     股份有限公司) from February 2014 to January 2018 and was mainly responsible for Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天
     馬微電子股份有限公司)’s engagement of finance and information technology, during which time he was also responsible for
     procurement, business and administrative management. He also served as the financial controller of Tianma Microelectronics
     Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司) from January 2012 to January 2014; from October 2010 to December 2011, he served
     as the financial controller at Shanghai AVIC Optoelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海中航光電子有限公司); from February 2009 to
     December 2011, he worked as the financial controller at Chengdu Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (成都天馬微電子有
     限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma; and from January 2007 to January 2009, he worked as a financial accountant of Shanghai
     Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (上海天馬微電子有限公司), a subsidiary of Tianma.


     Geng Yan’an earned his bachelor’s degree of management in accounting from Anhui University of Technology (安徽工業大
     學) in July 2003.


     Gao Yan (高艷), born in October 1983, is the deputy general manager of the Company. Gao Yan joined our Company
     on 20 April 2020 and was appointed as the deputy general manager on 25 April 2020. Gao Yan is the financial controller
     of our Company and mainly responsible for the financial and human resources work of our Group. She also serves as the
     person-in-charge of the Beijing Branch of the Company.


     Gao Yan has over 15 years of experience in finance. Prior to joining our Company, she worked successively at Tianma
     Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司) as financial controller from May 2015 to April 2020 (mainly
     responsible for functioning of the accounting organization of Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司)),
     as a financial manager from June 2010 to April 2015 and as a financial accountant from April 2008 to May 2010.


     Gao Yan obtained her bachelor’s and master’s degree of management in accounting from Central South University (中南大
     學) in June 2005 and December 2007, respectively.




38   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




Wang Xiaoqiang (王小強), born in October 1984, is the deputy general manager of our Company. Wang Xiaoqiang joined
our Company on 8 December 2015 and was appointed as the deputy general manager of our Company on 15 November
2021. Wang Xiaoqiang is mainly responsible for the Energy Storage Division affairs and the affairs of intellectual property
rights of the Company. Wang Xiaoqiang concurrently serves as the legal representative and general manager of CALB
Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司) and CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司),
as well as the legal representative, director and general manager of Jiangsu Power and Energy Storage Battery Innovation
Center Co., Ltd.* (江蘇動力及儲能電池創新中心有限公司), CALB (Handan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(邯鄲)有限公司) and
CALB (Shandong) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(山東)有限公司).


Wang Xiaoqiang served as deputy general manager of our Company from August 2016 to August 2018, and was mainly
responsible for the relevant engagement of our Company’s overall operation and manufacturing; from August 2013
to September 2015, he had successively served as deputy general manager and general manager of the manufacturing
department at China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司) and was mainly responsible
for the engagement of crafts technology, equipment technology and manufacturing management; and he served as the
plant manager at the Lean Plant 1* (精益一廠) of the manufacturing department of Luoyang Company from September
2011 to July 2013 and was mainly responsible for production management of the sub-factory. He also served as engineer at
the process technology department of Luoyang Company from October 2010 to August 2011 and was mainly responsible
for the engagement of crafts development. Prior to joining Luoyang Company, he served as technical engineer at Shanxi
Taigang Stainless Steel Co., Ltd.* (山西太鋼不銹鋼鋼管有限公司) from July 2009 to October 2010 and was mainly
responsible for workshop crafts.


Wang Xiaoqiang obtained a bachelor of engineering degree in material science and engineering from Zhengzhou University
(鄭州大學) in July 2006 and a master of engineering degree in material science from University of Science and Technology
Beijing (北京科技大學) in June 2009.


He Fan (何凡), born in October 1977, is the deputy general manager of our Company. He Fan joined our Company on 20
August 2018 and was appointed as deputy general manager of our Company on 15 November 2021. He Fan is responsible
for the manufacturing operations, engineering construction and environmental safety of our Group. He Fan also acts as the
legal representative, director and general manager of CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司) and CALB
(Xinyang) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(信陽)有限公司), and the legal representative and general manager of CALB (Hefei)
Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), as well as the legal representative and chairman of the board of Zhongling New
Energy Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.* (中凌新能源科技(浙江)有限公司).


Before being appointed as deputy general manager of our Company, He Fan acted as the assistant to general manager
of our Company from August 2018 to November 2021 and was mainly responsible for engineering construction. Prior to
joining our Company, He Fan had successively served as senior manager of factory affairs, deputy director of factory affairs,
and director of factory affairs in Tianma Microelectronics Co., Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司) from July 2011 to November
2017 and was mainly responsible for project construction and operation management; and from April 2007 to June 2011,
he had successively served as environment safety engineer and environment safety manager in Tianma Microelectronics Co.,
Ltd.* (天馬微電子股份有限公司).




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       39
     Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management




     Xie Qiu (謝秋), born in September 1982, is the deputy general manager of our Company. Xie Qiu joined our Company on
     8 December 2015 and was appointed as deputy general manager of our Company on 15 November 2021. Xie Qiu is mainly
     responsible for light-duty energy business and the passenger vehicle market operations of our Company.


     Before being appointed as deputy general manager of our Company, Xie Qiu acted as the assistant to general manager
     of our Company from July 2019 to October 2021 and was mainly responsible for sales of domestic passenger vehicles;
     from January 2019 to June 2019, he was a senior product director of marketing center of our Company and was mainly
     responsible for development of passenger vehicle products. Prior to joining our Company, Xie Qiu had successively served as
     the head of engineering department, the deputy president of technology research institute and the deputy chief engineer
     of the science and technology department at Luoyang Company from September 2008 to December 2018, and was mainly
     responsible for project management and development of battery pack products; from November 2007 to August 2008, he
     served as an engineer in the engineering department at Luoyang Company, and was mainly responsible for the development
     of battery pack products; and from August 2006 to October 2007, he served as an engineer at the engineering department
     of CAMA (Luoyang) Electromechanic Co., Ltd.* (凱邁(洛陽)機電有限公司) and was responsible for product development.


     Xie Qiu obtained the qualification of senior engineer from AVIC in 2016. He received the first prize of Luoyang Science
     and Technology Progress Award (洛陽市科學技術進步獎) for the project “research on lithium energy storage technology
     of large-scale wind-solar storage and transportation system*” (大規模風光儲輸綜合系統鋰電儲能技術研究) awarded by
     People’s Government of Luoyang City in June 2016. He was also awarded the AVIC Science and Technology Award* (中航
     工業集團科學技術獎) for the project “High reliability CA60F I lithium-ion EV battery*” (高可靠性CA60F I鋰離子動力電池) by
     AVIC in December 2015. In January 2014, he was awarded the second prize of the Science and Technology Progress Award
     of Henan Province (河南省科學技術進步獎) by the People’s Government of Henan Province for the project “Megawatt-level
     Lithium-ion Battery Grid Peak-shaving Energy Storage System” (兆瓦級鋰離子電池電網調峰儲能系統).


     Xie Qiu obtained his bachelor of engineering degree in computer science and technology from Harbin Engineering University
     (哈爾濱工程大學) in June 2006.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Dai Ying (戴穎) was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of our Company on 6 January 2022. For the
     biography of Dai Ying, please see “Directors – Executive Directors” of this section.


     Wan Wing Yi Carol (温詠宜) was appointed as another joint company secretary of our Company on 12 November 2025.
     She is a manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited and has over 12 years of experience in corporate
     secretarial industry. Wan Wing Yi Carol is an associate member of both The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute and
     The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom.


     Wan Wing Yi Carol graduated from The University of London in the United Kingdom and was awarded a Bachelor of
     Science in Business. She also received the Master of Corporate Governance from The Open University of Hong Kong
     (currently known as The Hong Kong Metropolitan University).




40   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Corporate Governance Report

The Board hereby presents the corporate governance report (the “Corporate Governance Report”) of the Company for
the year ended 31 December 2025.


Corporate Governance Practices
The Board is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and has established and implemented
good corporate governance practices to comply with the legal and regulatory requirements on management structure,
internal control, risk management and information disclosure, so as to achieve effective transparency and accountability to
safeguard the interests of all Shareholders.


The Company has adopted the code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set out in Appendix C1
to the Listing Rules as its own corporate governance code since 6 October 2022 (the “Listing Date”). During the Reporting
Period, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code, except for the following
deviations:


Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairwoman and general manager should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairwoman and General
Manager should be clearly established and set out in writing.


Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman and general manager of the Company, mainly responsible for overall strategic planning and
operational decisions of the Group. Taking into consideration the Company’s current situation, the Board believes that
vesting the roles of both chairwoman and general manager in the same person is beneficial to ensure consistent leadership
within the Group and enable the Group to formulate overall strategic planning more effectively and efficiently. The
Directors also believe that the current arrangement will not impair the balance of duties and authorities and the structure
will enable the Company to make decisions and implement them in a timely and effective manner. Under the leadership of
Liu Jingyu, the Board works effectively and performs its responsibilities to discuss all important and appropriate issues in
a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board and the relevant
Board committees, and there are three independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent views, the
Board is therefore of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers within
the Board. The Board shall nevertheless review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time in light of
prevailing circumstances, to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


The Board will continue to review its corporate governance practices to ensure that it continues to comply with the CG
Code and is in line with the latest developments of the regulatory authorities.


Culture
Mission: We shoulder the mission of energy safety for mankind. We drive the positive development of the industry with
innovative concepts and leading core technologies. Adhering to our corporate spirit of “transcend commerce to benefit
humanity”, we are committed to leading the new energy era.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025       41
     Corporate Governance Report




     Values: sincerity, efficiency and win-win.


     Our strategy: We strive to lead the energy evolution and create a better world for mankind through the following strategies.


     •      Culture and talent strategy


     •      Leading product and technology strategy


     •      Quality strategy


     •      Brand strategy


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Composition of the Board
     Our Company has established a Board, which comprises 8 Directors, including 2 executive Directors, 3 non-executive
     Directors, and 3 independent non-executive Directors. The Board shall have one chairperson. The chairperson of the Board
     shall be elected and removed by more than one half of all Directors. The term of office of the chairperson shall be three
     years. Chairperson may serve consecutive terms if re-elected upon the expiration of his/her term of office.


     The Board delegates certain responsibilities to various dedicated committees, namely, the Strategy and Sustainable
     Development Committee, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee in
     accordance with relevant PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of Association, and the Listing Rules.


     Executive Directors
     Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman and General Manager)
     Dai Ying


     Non-executive Directors
     Hu Jing
     Li Jiancun
     Xie Jieping


     Independent non-executive Directors
     Dr Wang Susheng
     Dr Chen Zetong
     Dr Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)
     Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)


     Dr Xiao Wen has confirmed that (i) she has obtained the legal opinion as described in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 15
     September 2025; and (ii) she is aware of her responsibilities as a director of listed issuers under the Listing Rules.




42   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report




The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section of “Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” of this report. To the best knowledge of the Directors, none of them has any personal relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) with any other Directors, the chairwoman and the chief
executives of the Company. The Company considers that the composition of the Board has been well balanced. Each of the
Directors has the relevant experience, knowledge and expertise that can contribute to the business of the Company. The
executive Directors oversee the day-to-day operations of the Group, while the independent non-executive Directors provide
independent judgement to the decision-making process of the Board.


Responsibilities, accountabilities and contributions of the Board and management
The Company has formalized and adopted written terms of reference on the division of functions reserved to the Board
and those delegated to the management of the Company. The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the
Company, including the approval and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets, risk management
and internal control systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial data,
appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.


All Directors have full and timely access to the relevant information of the Group as well as the advice and services of
the joint company secretaries and senior management of the Company, in order to ensure compliance with the Board
procedures and all applicable laws and regulations. Any Director may request independent professional advice in appropriate
circumstances at the Company’s expense, upon reasonable request being made to the Board. The Board has delegated the
responsibility for implementing its corporate strategies and the day-to-day management, operation and administration to
the management of the Company under the leadership of the executive Directors. Clear guidance has been made as to
the matters that should be reserved to the Board for its decision which include matters on, inter alia, capital, finance and
financial reporting, internal control, communication with Shareholders, Board composition, delegation of authority and
corporate governance. The Board periodically reviews the delegated functions and work tasks. Prior to entering into any
significant transactions, the aforesaid officers have to obtain the Board’s approval.


The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of the Directors which includes:


(1)    to develop and review the policies and practices on corporate governance of the Company and make
       recommendations to the Board;


(2)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;


(3)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


(4)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to Directors and
       employees; and


(5)    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report of the
       Company.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025       43
     Corporate Governance Report




     Continuous professional development of Directors
     All Directors have been given relevant guideline materials in relation to the responsibilities and obligations of being a
     Director, the relevant laws and regulations applicable to the Directors, duty of disclosure of interest and business of the
     Company and such induction materials will also be provided to newly appointed Directors shortly upon their appointment
     as Directors to ensure that he or she has a proper understanding of the operation and business of the Company and
     full awareness of Directors’ responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
     All Directors have been provided monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s
     performance, financial position and prospects to keep the Directors abreast of the Group’s affairs in order to discharge
     their duties. All Directors are also updated from time to time on the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and
     other applicable regulatory requirements to ensure compliance and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
     practices, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and
     the Company.


     During the year ended 31 December 2025, all Directors had participated in continuous professional development in the
     following manner in compliance with principle C.1 of the CG Code:


                                                                       Continuous professional development
     Directors                                                           Attend trainings                     Read materials


     Executive Directors
     Liu Jingyu                                                                          √                                   √
     Dai Ying                                                                            √                                   √


     Non-executive Directors
     Hu Jing                                                                             √                                   √
     Li Jiancun                                                                          √                                   √
     Xie Jieping                                                                         √                                   √


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr Wang Susheng                                                                     √                                   √
     Dr Chen Zetong                                                                      √                                   √
     Dr Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)                                          √                                   √
     Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)                                          √                                   √




44   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Appointment, re-election and removal
Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of
office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself/herself for re-election and re-appointment, but the term of office of an
independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules
of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed. The term of office of a director shall commence from his/
her accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the Board. Where election of directors fails to be timely
conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former directors, the former directors shall, prior to the accession of the
newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental
rules and the Articles of Association.


Subject to the relevant laws and regulations, and the regulatory rules of the jurisdictions where the Company’s shares are
listed, any person appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or as an addition to the Board shall hold
office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election.


When a Director’s resignation becomes effective or his/her term of office expires, he/she shall duly carry out all handover
procedures with the Board. His/her fiduciary obligations to the Company and Shareholders shall not necessarily terminate
from the end of his/her term of office and shall remain effective within a reasonable period as specified in the Articles of
Association.


If any Director fails to attend in person or appoint other Directors as his/her representative to attend meetings of the Board
for two consecutive times, such Director shall be deemed to have failed to perform his/her duties, and the Board shall
propose to replace such Director at the general meeting.


Independent non-executive Directors
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has complied with Rules 3.10(1) and (2) and 3.10A of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors, representing more than
one-third of the Board and at least one of them has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related
financial management expertise. All independent non-executive Directors also meet the guidelines for assessment of their
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company has received a confirmation of independence from
each of the independent non-executive Directors as required under the Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules for the year ended 31
December 2025 and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent. The Board will assess their
independence annually.


Board meetings
Pursuant to the CG Code and the Articles of Association, the Board is scheduled to meet regularly at least four times a year,
to discuss the overall strategy as well as the operational and financial performance of the Company. Other Board meetings
will be held when necessary.


Board members were provided with complete, adequate and timely information to allow them to fulfill their duties properly.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       45
     Corporate Governance Report




     Notices for regular Board meetings and meeting agenda are sent to all Directors, Supervisors and general manager in
     advance. Notice of at least 14 days is given for a regular Board meeting. For other Board meetings, all Directors, Supervisors
     and general manager shall be notified within a reasonable period (not less than five days) prior to the meeting. Board
     papers together with all appropriate, complete and relevant information are dispatched to all Directors at least three days
     before each regular Board meeting to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the related documents and be
     adequately prepared for the meeting.


     The joint company secretaries are responsible for keeping minutes of all Board and committee meetings. Draft minutes are
     normally circulated to all Directors for comments within a reasonable period after each meeting and the final version is
     open to Directors for inspection. The Articles of Association contain provisions requiring Directors to abstain from voting
     and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their
     associates have a material interest.


     Directors’ attendance records
     During the Reporting Period, fifteen Board meetings and four general meetings were held. The attendance records of
     Directors are set out below:


                                                                    Meetings of the Board                     General meetings
                                                                                 attended/                            attended/
                                                                     Number of meetings                   Number of meetings


     Liu Jingyu                                                                       15/15                                   4/4
     Dai Ying                                                                         15/15                                   4/4
     Hu Jing                                                                          15/15                                   4/4
     Li Jiancun                                                                       15/15                                   4/4
     Xie Jieping                                                                      15/15                                   4/4
     Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)                                        8/10                                   2/3
     Dr Wang Susheng                                                                  15/15                                   4/4
     Dr Chen Zetong                                                                   15/15                                   4/4
     Dr Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)                                          5/5                                  1/1


     During the Reporting Period, one meeting was held between the chairwoman of the Board and all of the independent non-
     executive Directors without the presence of other Directors.




46   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Chairwoman and General Manager
Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of chairwoman and general manager should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman and general manager of the Company,
mainly responsible for overall strategic planning and operational decision of the Group. Taking into consideration the
Company’s current situation, the Board believes that vesting the roles of chairwoman and general manager in the same
person is beneficial to ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enable the Group to formulate overall strategic
planning more effectively and efficiently. The Directors also believe that the current arrangement will not impair the balance
of duties and authorities and the structure will enable the Company to make decisions and implement them in a timely and
effective manner. Under the leadership of Liu Jingyu, the Board functions effectively and discharges its responsibilities to
discuss all important and appropriate issues in a timely manner. In addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation
with members of the Board and the relevant Board committees, and the Board has three independent non-executive
Directors to provide independent views, the Board considers that there are adequate safeguards to ensure an adequate
balance of powers of the Board. However, the Board will review the structure and composition of the Board from time to
time in light of prevailing circumstances to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


Terms of appointment of non-executive Directors
Pursuant to the Articles 96 and 106 of the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general
meetings for a term of 3 years. Upon expiration of the term of office, a Director shall be eligible to offer himself for
re-election and re-appointment, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed 6 years, unless otherwise
provided by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed.
The term of office of a Director shall commence from his accession till the expiry of the term of the current session of the
Board. Where election of Directors fails to be timely conducted upon expiry of the term of office of the former Directors,
the former Directors shall, prior to the accession of the newly elected directors, perform their duties as directors in
accordance with laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules and the Articles of Association.


Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with
the Company for a term of three years commencing from the respective appointment date.


Board committees
The Board has established four Board committees, namely, the strategy and sustainable development committee
(the “Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee”), the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”),
the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination committee (the “Nomination
Committee”), to assist them in the efficient implementation of their functions and to oversee particular aspects of the
Company’s affairs. Specific responsibilities, as set out in their respective terms of reference which are available on the
websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company, have been delegated to the above committees and the corporate
governance duties as required under the CG Code have been performed. All committees are provided with sufficient
resources to discharge their duties and, upon reasonable request, are able to seek independent professional advice in
appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expense.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       47
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee
     The Company established the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee on 10 October 2025. The Board of
     Directors reviewed and adopted the Terms of Reference of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee, which
     outlines the committee’s membership, responsibilities, meeting procedures, and voting rules. The terms of reference of the
     Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee were adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


     The primary duties of the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee are mainly to:


     (i)     study and make recommendations to the Company’s development strategies and medium – to long-term
             development plan;


     (ii)    study and make recommendations on significant events affecting the Company’s development strategies;


     (iii)   review the Company’s environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) management guidelines, policies and
             strategies, supervise the Company’s ESG performance and achievement of targets, and ensure that the Company’s
             ESG-related management complies with applicable laws, regulations, exchange regulatory requirements and
             international standards;


     (iv)    review the communication methods and communication results with the Company’s stakeholders, assess and
             manage the potential impacts and related risks of the Company’s ESG-related issues on the Company’s operations;
             and


     (v)     review the Company’s ESG reports and related information disclosure and report to the Board.


     Our Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee comprises three members, namely Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman), the
     independent non-executive Director, Dr Xiao Wen and the executive Director, Dai Ying. From the date of establishment up
     to the period ended 31 December 2025, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee did not hold any meetings.
     The Board will disclose the relevant meeting information in the next annual report in accordance with the requirements of
     the CG Code.


     In 2025, the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee shall, in accordance with the Terms of Reference of
     the Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee and other regulations, study and make recommendations to the
     Company’s development strategies and medium – to long-term development plan, study and make recommendations
     on significant events affecting the Company’s development strategies, review the Company’s environmental, social
     and governance (“ESG”) management guidelines, policies and strategies, supervise the Company’s ESG performance
     and achievement of targets, and ensure that the Company’s ESG-related management complies with applicable laws,
     regulations, exchange regulatory requirements and international standards.




48   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Audit Committee
The Audit Committee was established by the Company in accordance with Rules 3.21 to 3.23 of the Listing Rules. The
terms of reference of the Audit Committee were adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


The primary duties of the Audit Committee are mainly to:


(i)     review the Company’s financial information and monitor the integrity of the Company’s financial statements, annual
        report and accounts and half-year report and review significant financial reporting judgments contained therein
        before submission to the Board;


(ii)    manage the relationship with the external auditors, including but not limited to making recommendation to the
        Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of external auditors, reviewing and monitoring the external
        auditors’ independence and objectivity and the effectiveness of the audit process in accordance with applicable
        standards, discussing with the external auditors the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
        the audit commences, and developing and implementing a policy on engaging an external auditor to supply
        non-audit services;


(iii)   review the Company’s financial information, monitor the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management
        and internal control procedures; and


(iv)    review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance issues, including but not limited to training
        and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management, and the Company’s compliance with
        legal and regulatory requirements and the CG Code.


Our Audit Committee comprises three members, namely Dr Wang Susheng (Chairman), Dr Chen Zetong and Dr Xiao Wen,
all being independent non-executive Directors of the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held
nine meetings and the work performed by the Audit Committee was summarised as follows:


(1)     reviewing the findings and recommendations from external auditors and independent internal control reviewers;


(2)     reviewing the independence of the external auditors and engagement of external auditors;


(3)     reviewing the audit plan, internal control plan, the development in accounting standards and their effects on the
        Group, financial statements and risk management matters;


(4)     reviewing the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff in the Company’s accounting and
        financial reporting functions; and


(5)     reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025      49
     Corporate Governance Report




     The attendance records of each committee member are set out below:


                                                                                                       Number of meetings
                                                                                                                   attended/
                                                                                                       Number of meetings


      Dr Wang Susheng                                                                                                     9/9
      Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)                                                                          5/6
      Dr Chen Zetong                                                                                                      9/9
      Dr Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)                                                                          3/3


     The Company’s annual report and annual results announcement for the year ended 31 December 2025 have been reviewed
     by the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee is of the opinion that the preparation of such financial information
     complied with the applicable accounting standards, the requirements under the Listing Rules and any other applicable legal
     requirements, and that adequate disclosures have been made.


     Remuneration Committee
     The Company has established the Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG
     Code and the terms of reference have been adopted. The Remuneration Committee adopted the approach under code
     provision E.1.2(c)(ii) of the CG Code to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of independent
     Directors and senior management.


     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to:


     (i)     make recommendations to the Board on the overall remuneration policy and structure for all Directors and senior
             management of the Company, and on the establishment of formal and transparent procedures for developing
             remuneration policy;


     (ii)    review and approve the senior management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
             and objectives;


     (iii)   be delegated by the Board to determine the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
             management or to recommend to the Board the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and senior
             management; and this should include benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, including any
             compensation payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment;


     (iv)    make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; and


     (v)     review and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of
             Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.




50   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Dr Chen Zetong (Chairman), the independent
non-executive Director, Liu Jingyu, the executive Director and Dr Xiao Wen, the independent non-executive Director. The
Remuneration Committee shall consult the chairwoman and/or the general manager of the Company on proposals relating
to the remuneration of other executive Directors. The remuneration of the Directors was determined with reference to
the salaries paid by comparable companies and the experience, responsibilities, workload, time devoted to the Group and
individual performance of the Directors, as well as the performance of the Group.


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held two meetings and the work performed by the
Remuneration Committee was summarised as follows: (1) reviewing the appropriateness of the remuneration policy; and (2)
evaluating the performance of Directors and senior management of the Group.


The attendance records of each committee member are set out below:


                                                                                                Number of meetings
                                                                                                            attended/
                                                                                                Number of meetings


Dr Chen Zetong                                                                                                     2/2
Liu Jingyu                                                                                                         2/2
Dr Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)                                                                         0/0
Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)                                                                         1/2


Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of senior management of the Company during the
year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the following bands. The following remuneration includes salaries, allowances,
equity-settled share-based payments and contributions to retirement benefits schemes. Details of the remuneration
components are set out in note 16 and note 49 to the consolidated financial statements.


Remuneration level                                                                                Number of persons


RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                                         5
RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                         1
RMB6,500,001 to RMB7,000,000                                                                                         1
RMB11,500,001 to RMB12,000,000                                                                                       1




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025      51
     Corporate Governance Report




     Remuneration Policy
     Our executive Directors receive, in their capacity as our employees, compensation in the form of salaries and
     benefits-in-kind, including our contributions to the pension scheme for our executive Directors, according to the laws of the
     PRC. The aggregate amounts of remuneration (including fees, salaries, allowances and benefits in kind, discretionary bonus
     and contributions to pension scheme) for our Directors and Supervisors for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2025
     were approximately RMB24,589,000 and RMB15,909,000, respectively. None of our Directors waived any remuneration
     during the aforesaid periods.


     The information of the five highest paid individuals of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in
     note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


     During the Reporting Period, no emoluments were paid by our Group to any of our Directors or the five highest paid
     individuals (including Directors and employees of the Company) as an inducement to join or upon joining our Group or as
     compensation for loss of office. None of our Directors has waived any emoluments during the Reporting Period.


     Save as disclosed above, no other remuneration has been paid or is payable, during the Reporting Period, by our Group to
     any of our directors or their representatives.


     Nomination Committee
     The Company has established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code.
     The terms of reference have been adopted in compliance with the CG Code.


     The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to:


     (i)     ensure that the Board and its committees consist of Directors with the appropriate balance of skills, diversity and
             knowledge of the Company to enable it to discharge its duties effectively;


     (ii)    review the structure, size and composition (including the gender, age, cultural and educational background, skills,
             knowledge and professional experience) of the Board at least annually, to assist the Board in developing a Board
             skills matrix and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
             corporate strategy;


     (iii)   develop, review and implement, as appropriate, the policy, criteria and procedures for the identification, selection
             and nomination of candidates as directors for Board approval. Such criteria include but are not limited to the
             potential contributions a candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience, independence
             and gender diversity;




52   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




(iv)     assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors;


(v)      make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and senior management
         and succession for Directors and senior management, in particular the chairperson of the Board and the general
         manager;


(vi)     draw up, review and update, as appropriate, the Board Diversity Policy and any measurable objectives for
         implementing such Board Diversity Policy as may be adopted by the Board from time to time and to review and
         update the progress on achieving the objectives; and to make disclosures of its progress and its review results in the
         annual report of the Company annually;


(vii)    assist the Company in conducting regular assessments of the Board’s performance; and


(viii)   review the Company’s workforce diversity policy (including senior management) and its implementation, and make
         recommendations to the Board to enhance its effectiveness in building an inclusive and diverse workplace.


The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Liu Jingyu (Chairman), Dr. Wang Susheng, the independent
non-executive Director, Dr. Chen Zetong, the independent non-executive Director. During the Reporting Period, the
Nomination Committee held three meetings, and the work performed by the Nomination Committee is summarised as
follows:


(1)      to revise the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee;


(2)      to review and confirm that the structure, size and composition of the Board and the proportions of executive
         Directors and independent non-executive Directors remain appropriate for the Board to discharge its duties;


(3)      to review and confirm the diversity of skills, knowledge, experience and gender of the members of the Board;


(4)      to review the Board Diversity Policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”); and


(5)      to formulate the Company’s nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) and make recommendations to the
         Board for adoption.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025       53
     Corporate Governance Report




     The attendance records of each committee member are set out below:


                                                                                                          Number of meetings
                                                                                                                     attended/
                                                                                                          Number of meetings


     Liu Jingyu                                                                                                              3/3
     Dr Wang Susheng (appointed as member of the Nomination Committee on 10 October 2025)                                    1/1
     Dr Chen Zetong                                                                                                          3/3
     Wu Guangquan (resigned on 10 October 2025)                                                                              1/2


     Nomination Policy
     The Nomination Committee identifies individuals with suitable qualifications to become members of the Board by
     considering the proposed candidates’ skills, knowledge, experience, expertise, etc., having due regard to the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company, and evaluates the independence of the proposed independent
     non-executive Directors (as the case may be). The Nomination Committee then makes recommendations to the Board. The
     Board considers the candidates recommended by the Nomination Committee after due consideration of the Board Diversity
     Policy, the Nomination Policy and the needs of the Company. The Board will then confirm the candidate for appointment
     as a Director or recommend a candidate for re-election at a general meeting of the Company. According to the Articles of
     Association, any person appointed by the Board as a director to fill a casual vacancy on the Board or to increase the number
     of members on the Board shall hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and shall be eligible
     for re-election at that time.


     Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board is responsible for discharging its corporate governance responsibilities as described in the “Responsibilities,
     accountabilities and contributions of the Board and management” in this report. During the Reporting Period, the Board
     has reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices and compliance with the CG Code, reviewed and
     monitored the continuous professional development of the Directors, and also reviewed and monitored the Company’s
     policies and practices in compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.




54   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Corporate Governance Report




Joint Company Secretaries
Dai Ying, the Executive Director, serves as the joint company secretary of the Company and is responsible for advising the
Board on corporate governance matters.


In order to maintain good corporate governance and ensure compliance with the Listing Rules and applicable Hong Kong
laws, the Company has also engaged Wan Wing Yi Carol as a joint company secretary with effect from 12 November
2025 to assist Dai Ying in performing his duties (Cheung Kai Cheong Willie, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants and a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, who was
previously appointed). Cheung Kai Cheong Willie has resigned as joint company secretary of the Company with effect from
12 November 2025. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 12 November 2025, disclosed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s HKExnews website. The primary internal liaison between the Company and Wan Wing
Yi Carol is the Company’s joint company secretary, Dai Ying.


In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Dai Ying and Wan Wing Yi Carol have confirmed that they have taken no
less than 15 hours of relevant professional training for the year ended 31 December 2025.


Waiver from Strict Compliance with Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules

Reference is made to the waiver granted to the Company by the Stock Exchange from strict compliance with Rules 3.28
and 8.17 of the Listing Rules in relation to the eligibility of Dai Ying to act as the Joint Company Secretary for a three-year
period (the “Original Waiver Period”) from the Listing Date, i.e., 6 October 2022. Relevant details were disclosed in
the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022. The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for the
qualification of Dai Ying to act as the joint company secretary during the Reporting Period, and has received a confirmation
from the Stock Exchange confirming that Dai Ying, with the assistance of Cheung Kai Cheong Willie, has attained the
relevant experience and is capable of discharging the functions of company secretary under Rule 3.28 of the Listing Rules
during the Original Waiver Period, such that no further waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rule 3.28
and Rule 8.17 of the Listing Rules is required.


Directors and Supervisors’ Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions of the Company by the
Directors and Supervisors. Having made specific enquiries with all Directors and Supervisors, the Company confirmed that
they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025       55
     Corporate Governance Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     During the Reporting Period, the Company has established appropriate and effective risk management and internal
     control systems in compliance with the paragraph D.2 of the CG Code. The Company has adopted and implemented a
     comprehensive risk management policy encompassing risks that may arise in R&D, procurement management, production
     management and sales management. Our risk management and internal control systems also cover the general functional
     operations such as human resources, financial management, asset management, warehousing and logistics management,
     information system management and corporate governance as well as decision-making processes. Meanwhile, the Board is
     committed to supervising and evaluating the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems to ensure
     that the system is rectified and effectively controlled as our business develops.


     The management of the Company, under the supervision of the Board, has implemented and maintained appropriate and
     effective risk management and internal control systems. However, the risk management and internal control systems can
     only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatements or losses. The key features of the risk
     management and internal control systems are described in the following sections:


     Risk Management System
     The Company has adopted a risk management system to manage risks related to its business and operation. The system
     includes the following stages:


     •      Risk identification: extensively and continuously collect internal and external environmental factors, stakeholders’
            needs, etc. related to enterprise risk and risk management of the Company; identify risks that may affect the
            Company’s operation and business.


     •      Risk evaluation: systematically analyze the collected risk information, evaluate the impact of the risk, and determine
            the risk values and risk levels based on the risk assessment standards.


     •      Risk response and control: based on its own conditions and external environment and adhering to the development
            strategy, select appropriate basic risk management strategies and formulate risk management solutions to prevent,
            avoid or mitigate risks.


     •      Risk monitoring and improvement: continuously carry out risk monitoring, dynamically assess the rationality and
            implementation effectiveness of risk strategies and solutions, timely identify defects and make improvements, and
            continuously revise and improve risk management and control measures based on actual conditions.




56   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report




Internal Control System
The Company has established an internal control system which enables the Company to achieve its objectives regarding
operational effectiveness and efficiency, the effectiveness of procedures related to financial reporting and compliance
with the requirements of the Listing Rules, and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Internal control process
is designed to monitor the Company’s operations and ensure compliance. The components of the internal control system
framework are set out below:


•      Monitoring environment: a set of standards, procedures and frameworks has been implemented to provide the basis
       for the Company’s internal monitoring.


•      Risk evaluation: a dynamic interactive process of identifying, evaluating and analyzing risks to achieve the Company’s
       objectives and forming the basis for determining how to manage risks.


•      Monitoring activities: actions established in accordance with policies and procedures to help ensure that
       management’s instructions to mitigate risks and achieve objectives are being implemented.


•      Information and communication: regular and effective internal and external communications provide the Company
       with information needed for daily monitoring.


•      Monitoring: continuous and individual evaluations to determine the existence and effective operation of each
       component of the internal control system.


The Company has also adopted and implemented inside information policies and procedures in order to enhance the
Company’s system for handling and releasing inside information and ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and
timeliness of its public disclosures. The Company has taken certain reasonable measures from time to time to ensure its
access to potential inside information and to maintain the confidentiality of such information in order not to breach the
Company’s disclosure requirements, including:


•      Information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a notice basis. Employees who are in possession of
       inside information are fully aware of their confidentiality obligations;


•      Confidentiality agreements will be entered into when the Company conducts material negotiations;


•      Different operating units have their own reporting channels to report any potential inside information to the
       designated departments; and


•      Designated person who speaks on behalf of the Company when communicating with external parties such as the
       media, analysts or investors and responding to external enquiries.


Based on the internal monitoring review conducted for the year ended 31 December 2025, no material internal monitoring
deficiencies were identified.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       57
     Corporate Governance Report




     Internal Audit Function
     The Company has established a professional internal control team, which is responsible for establishing risk management
     and internal control systems. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the members of our internal control management team
     have an average of several years of relevant work experience, and hold relevant professional certificates.


     Effectiveness of Risk Management and Internal Control Systems
     The Board is responsible for guiding the implementation and management of the Company’s risk management and internal
     control systems and ensuring that the effectiveness of such systems is reviewed annually. The review covered all significant
     controls of the Group, including financial, operational and compliance. The Board has considered certain aspects in the
     review, including but not limited to:


     (i)     changes in the nature and extent of significant risks since the last annual review, and the Company’s ability to
             respond to changes in its business and the external environment;


     (ii)    the management monitors the scope and effectiveness of the risks and internal control systems on an ongoing basis;


     (iii)   the extent and frequency of communication of monitoring results to the Board (or its committees), which helps the
             Board to assess the control and effectiveness of risk management of the issuer;


     (iv)    significant control failures occurred or weaknesses identified during the period, and the extent to which such
             failures or weaknesses have resulted in unforeseen outcomes or contingencies as well as the material impacts
             those outcomes or contingencies have had, could have had, or may in the future have, on the issuer’s financial
             performance or condition;


     (v)     the effectiveness of the Company’s procedures for financial reporting and compliance with the requirements of the
             Stock Exchange Listing Rules; and


     (vi)    the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience of staff, training programmes and budget in respect of the
             accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions of the issuer and the ESG performance and reporting of
             the Company.


     Through its review and the review by its independent audit department and the Audit Committee, the Board concluded
     that the risk management and internal control systems are effective and adequate. However, such systems are designed to
     manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. The Board also considers that the resources, staff qualifications
     and experience of the relevant staffs are adequate and the training programmes and budget provided are adequate. Having
     conducted the review, the Board was of the view that the risk management and internal control systems of the Company
     were adequate and effective during the Reporting Period.




58   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report




Anti-corruption
The Company pursues a zero-tolerance policy towards fraudulent acts such as bribery, corruption and embezzlement. The
Company has adopted an “Employee Code of Conduct” and “Management Measures Against Fraud” that contain relevant
requirements for confidentiality, integrity, conflicts of interest and other guidelines on the code of behaviors. The Company
also provides our employees with education in respect of anti-bribery and anti-corruption through various channels such as
compliance training, and meanwhile publicizing the integrity regulations to our suppliers and entering into the “Anti-bribery
Undertaking Agreement” with suppliers.


Whistle-blowing Policies
We have put in place a whistle-blowing channel where external suppliers, employees and other relevant parties can file
complaints or report violations.


Auditor’s Emoluments
The Group’s domestic auditor RSM China (Special General Partnership) and international auditor RSM Hong Kong are both
independent external auditors employed by the Group. The emoluments paid and payable to the domestic and international
auditors of the Group for their services provided during the Reporting Period are set out below:


Items                                                                                                               Charges
                                                                                                                  (RMB’000)


Audit services
－IFRS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                      3,845
－CAS-based annual audit of financial statements                                                                         420




Non-audit services(note)                                                                                              1,401


Note: The non-audit services mainly include limited assurance and agreed-upon procedures service.


Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a board diversity policy which sets out the objective and approach to achieve and maintain
diversity of our Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of our Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the
Company seeks to achieve diversity of our Board through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting
candidates to our Board, including but not limited to professional experience, skills, knowledge, gender, age, cultural and
education background, ethnicity and length of service. Our Company recognises and embraces the benefits of having
a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level, including gender diversity, as an essential element in
maintaining our Company’s competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract talents and to retain and motivate
employees. We have also taken, and will continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of our Company,
including but not limited to our Board and the senior management levels.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   59
     Corporate Governance Report




     Our Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge and skills, including in management, strategic and business development,
     sales, legal compliance and corporate investment and finance. The ages of our Directors range from 36 years old to
     57 years old, and we have both male and female representatives on the Board, which is in line with the regulations on
     gender diversity of directors in the Listing Rules. Our Nomination Committee will review and assess the composition of the
     Board and make recommendations to the Board on appointment of members of the Board. Meanwhile, our Nomination
     Committee will consider the benefits of all aspects of diversity, including without limitation, professional experience, skills,
     knowledge, education background, age, gender, cultural and ethnicity and length of service, in order to maintain an
     appropriate range and balance of talents, skills, experience and diversity on the Board.


     The Nomination Committee has made below recommendations to the Board on the measurable objectives for the
     implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and Nomination Policy: (1) at least one female Director is appointed; and (2)
     at least one third of the Board members are independent non-executive Directors. The Nomination Committee will review
     the Board Diversity Policy and Diversity Profile in due course and at least once every year to ensure they are continuously
     effective from time to time and, if necessary, make any necessary changes and recommend any such changes to the
     Board for consideration and approval. The Board confirmed that the measurable objectives had been achieved at the end
     of the Reporting Period. The Nomination Committee will disclose the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy in the
     Company’s Corporate Governance Report on an annual basis.


     In addition, as of 31 December 2025, the Group had 14,323 employees, including 10,655 male employees and 3,668
     female employees, accounting for 74.39% and 25.61%, respectively, which satisfied the requirement of employee
     gender diversity. We are aiming to achieve a more balanced gender ratio in the workforce in the future and will continue
     to monitor and evaluate the diversity policy from time to time to ensure its continued effectiveness. Our Nomination
     Committee is delegated by the Board to be responsible for compliance with relevant codes governing diversity under
     the CG Code. Our Nomination Committee will review our diversity policy on an annual basis and to ensure its continued
     effectiveness.


     Board Independence/Mechanism
     The Company has formulated internal policies (including but not limited to the Articles of Association, the Rules of
     Procedures of the Board and the Terms of Reference of the Remuneration Committee, etc.) to ensure that the Board has
     access to independent views and opinions. These policies cover the Company’s procedures and criteria for the election and
     appointment of Directors (including independent non-executive Directors), the abstention mechanism for voting on relevant
     resolutions of the Board by related Directors, and the special authorities of the independent appointment of external audit
     institutions and consulting agencies by independent Directors, etc. Upon reviewing the implementation of the aforesaid
     mechanisms, the Board considers that the aforesaid mechanisms are able to effectively ensure that the Board is provided
     with independent views and opinions.




60   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                               Corporate Governance Report




Dividend Policy
The Company did not pay or declare any dividends since the Listing Date. The Company currently does not have a
predetermined dividend payout ratio. The Board may declare and our Company may pay dividend after taking into account
our results of operations, future business development strategies and other factors that may be deemed as relevant.


Directors’ Responsibilities for Financial Statements
The Board acknowledges its responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for each financial
year and ensures that the financial statements are prepared in accordance with statutory requirements and applicable
accounting standards. The Board also ensures that the financial statements are published in a timely manner in accordance
with statutory and/or regulatory requirements. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, confirm that they are
not aware of any material uncertainties or circumstances that may materially affect the Company’s ability to continue as a
going concern. The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities and opinions on the
financial statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 85 to 93 of this report.


Further information on the procedures for Shareholders to nominate a person for election as a Director is available on the
Company’s website. In addition, the Shareholders or the Company may refer to the above procedures to put forward any
other proposals at the general meetings.


Shareholders’ Rights
The Shareholders’ general meeting of the Company is the organ of authority of the Company, which consists of all
the Shareholders and exercises its powers in accordance with the laws, administrative regulations and the Articles of
Association.


Procedures for Shareholder Request to Convene Extraordinary General Meeting
For a Shareholder request to convene an extraordinary general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in compliance
with the Articles 50, 51, 52 and 53 of the Articles of Association.


Pursuant to the Article 50 of the Articles of Association, Shareholders holding more than 10% of our Company’s
shares, either individually or jointly, shall be entitled to request and demand the board to convene extraordinary general
meetings and shall make written request to the board. The board shall, in accordance with the requirements of the laws,
administrative regulations and the provisions of the Articles, reply in writing regarding the acceptance or refusal to convene
the extraordinary general meeting within ten (10) days upon receiving the request. If the board agrees to convene the
extraordinary general meeting, notice convening the meeting shall be issued within five (5) days after the board resolves
to do so. Should there be amendments to the original requests in the notice, consent has to be obtained from the relevant
Shareholders. If the board does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting or does not reply in writing within
ten (10) days upon receiving the request, Shareholders holding more than 10% of our Company’s shares, either individually
or jointly, shall have the right to request the Supervisory Committee in writing to convene an extraordinary general
meeting. If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene the extraordinary general meeting, it shall issue a notice thereof
within five (5) days of its receipt of the request, and any amendment made in the notice to the original proposals shall
be subject to the consent of the relevant Shareholders. If the Supervisory Committee fails to issue a notice of the general
meeting within a specified period, it shall be deemed that the Supervisory Committee shall not convene and preside over
the general meeting, the shareholder(s) who hold 10% or more of the shares of the Company which carry rights to vote at
the proposed meeting either individually or jointly, for a consecutive period of more than 90 days may convene and preside
over the meeting on their own.


                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       61
     Corporate Governance Report




     Pursuant to the Article 51 of the Articles of Association, Supervisory Committee or Shareholders, if decided to convene
     general meetings on their own, shall inform the Board in writing. Prior to the publication of announcement of the
     resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meeting, holding by the convening Shareholders shall not be less than 10%.
     The Supervisory Committee or the convening Shareholders shall submit relevant evidence to the stock exchange(s) on
     which the shares of the Company are listed upon the issuance of the notice of the Shareholders’ general meeting and the
     announcement of the resolutions of the Shareholders’ general meeting.


     Pursuant to the Article 52 of the Articles of Association, the Board and the secretary to the Board should cooperate with
     the Supervisory Committee or Shareholders convening general meetings on their own after receiving the notice. The Board
     shall provide the register of shareholders as of the share capital registration day.


     Pursuant to the Article 53 of the Articles of Association, the Company will bear all the necessary and reasonable costs for
     the general meeting convened by the Supervisory Committee or Shareholders.


     For a Shareholder request to propose new resolutions at the general meeting, the procedures should be adopted in
     compliance with the Articles 54 and 55 of the Articles of Association.


     Pursuant to the Article 54 of the Articles of Association, the contents of a proposal shall be within the scope of the duties
     and powers of the general meeting, have definite themes and specific matters for resolutions, as well as in compliance with
     the relevant requirements of the laws, administrative regulations, and the Articles of Association.


     Pursuant to the Article 55 of the Articles of Association, in relation to a general meeting convene by the Company, the
     Board, the Supervisory Committee and Shareholders separately or aggregately holding more than 3% of the total number
     of voting shares of the Company are entitled to propose motions to the Company in writing. Shareholders holding more
     than 3% of our Company’s shares separately or aggregately shall have the right to put forward new proposals in writing
     to our Company and submit them to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting. The convener shall
     issue a supplementary notice of the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within 2 days
     after receipt thereof. Except as stipulated above, the convener shall not alter the motions listed in the notice of general
     meeting or add new motions after the notice of general meeting has been published. The proposals that have not been set
     out in the notice of the Shareholders’ general meeting or that do not comply with Article 54 of the Articles of Association,
     shall not be voted on or resolved at the Shareholders’ meeting.


     Procedures for Making Enquiries
     Shareholders shall make enquiries with the Company’s H Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Investor Services Limited,
     regarding their shareholdings, share transfer, registration and payment of dividends as follows:




62   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                              Corporate Governance Report




Tricor Investor Services Limited
Address: 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong


E-mail: is-enquiries@vistra.com


Tel: (852) 2980 1333


Fax: (852) 2810 8185


Shareholders may at any time submit any enquiries to the Company through the Company’s designated contact person,
correspondence address, email address and enquiry hotline:


Recipient: Office of IR of CALB GROUP CO., LTD.


Address: No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


E-mail: Ir@calb-tech.com


Tel: 86-0519-68903688-664580


Shareholders are reminded to submit their enquiries with their contact information so that the Company can respond
promptly as it deems appropriate.


Shareholders may propose a resolution at a general meeting to nominate candidates for Directors. According to Article
96 of the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meetings. According to Article 55
of the Articles of Association, Shareholders who individually or collectively hold more than 3% of the Company’s total
number of voting shares shall have the rights to put forward new proposals in writing to our Company and submit them
to the convener of a general meeting ten days prior to the meeting. Accordingly, if a Shareholder proposes to nominate a
candidate for election as a Director, such notice of intent and a notice signed by the nominated candidate indicating his/her
willingness to accept the appointment shall be duly lodged with the Company’s registered office for the attention of the
secretary and the Board of our Company.


Further information on the procedures for Shareholders to nominate a person for election as a Director is available on the
Company’s website. In addition, the Shareholders or the Company may refer to the above procedures to put forward any
other proposals at the general meetings.


INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Board believes that transparency and timely disclosure of the Company’s information is essential to enhance investor
relations and will enable Shareholders and investors to make the best investment decisions and have a better understanding
of the Company’s business performance and strategies. The Company is committed to maintaining an on-going dialogue
with Shareholders, in particular through annual general meetings and other general meetings. The chairwoman of the
Board and the chairpersons of the Board Committees will endeavor to meet with the Shareholders at the general meetings
to answer any questions raised by the Shareholders.


                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       63
     Corporate Governance Report




     The Company has adopted a shareholders’ communication policy (the “Shareholders’ Communication Policy”) which
     aims to ensure transparent, accurate and open communication with Shareholders to ensure that Shareholders’ views and
     concerns are properly addressed and will be reviewed annually to ensure its effectiveness. Pursuant to the requirements of
     the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, Shareholders can communicate with the Company through channels such as the
     Company’s official website, new media platforms, investor relations hotlines, emails, etc., by means of general meetings,
     investor briefings, roadshows, analyst meetings, receptions, and forums.


     The Company also has a website at www.calb-tech.com, with a dedicated “Investor Relations” section containing corporate
     communications documents, listing documents, announcements, reports, company information and other documents
     published by the Company on the website of the Stock Exchange for public inspection. The Company’s website serves as a
     platform for communication with Shareholders and investors.


     Shareholders and investors may also write to the Company’s principal place of business and headquarters in the PRC
     at No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province or email to Ir@calb-tech.com or call
     86-0519-68903688-664580 for enquiries. Such enquiries will be fully responded to as soon as possible.


     The Board regularly reviews the Shareholders’ Communication Policy on an annual basis to ensure its effectiveness. After
     reviewing the various measures, the Board is of the view that the Shareholders’ Communication Policy for the year ended
     31 December 2025 has been properly implemented and effective.


     Articles of Association
     There were no changes to the Articles of Association during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.
     The Articles of Association are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange respectively.




64   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Directors’ Report

The Board of the Company is pleased to present this Directors’ Report together with the audited consolidated financial
statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is a joint stock limited company incorporated in Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province under the Company Law of
the PRC and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 6 October 2022. The Company is a high-technology new energy
enterprise specializing in development, manufacturing, sales and market application development of lithium batteries,
battery management system and related integrated products, and lithium battery materials. As a specialist in the battery
technology, the Company is committed to building a comprehensive energy operation system to provide complete product
solutions and full life-cycle management for the all-scenario application market of new energy represented by EV batteries
and ESS products.


Details of the business of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in the financial statements. There was no material change
in the nature of the Company’s principal activities for the year ended 31 December 2025. For further discussion and analysis
on principal activities, please refer to the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A review of the Group’s results for the year, a discussion and analysis of key factors related to its financial position and the
prospects of the Group’s business are set out in the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of this annual report,
respectively.


RESULTS
The operating results of the Group for the reporting period are set out in the “Financial Review” section of this annual
report.


RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
•         Market risk
          With rapid development of lithium batteries industry, market competition is getting increasingly intense. The
          Company must consistently uphold its competitiveness by focusing on market share, technological innovation and
          cost control to respond to the intense market competition.


          The Company has responded to challenges from market changes in an active manner to ensure that its products
          have an edge in application fields, by continuously making technological innovations and playing a leading role
          in dimensions including advanced materials, advanced manufacturing technologies, high performance batteries
          and system technologies, new batteries, and battery full life cycle management; the Company tightened cost
          control through technological innovation, optimization of production and operation management, supply chain
          management, etc.; at the same time, the Company actively expanded overseas markets, accelerated overseas
          industrial layout, actively expanded market business in the field of energy storage and pay close attention to
          emerging market dynamics.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025       65
     Directors’ Report




     •     International operation risk
           The Company actively expanded overseas markets, established subsidiaries and built new factories overseas. In
           the event of geopolitical conflicts, the implementation of policies such as increased tariffs or non-tariff barriers, or
           the Company’s failure to identify overseas local laws and regulations and operational risks, the Company’s local
           operations may be adversely affected.


           In order to prevent the risk of international operation, the Company will continue to improve the operation
           and management level of overseas business, identify possible risks in overseas business, formulate risk response
           strategies, and formulate relevant management standards and policies in line with local laws, regulations and
           customs. Meanwhile, the Company should keep accurately informed of the timeframe for the issuance of overseas
           policies related to new energy, and accordingly align supply with demand in advance by proactively engaging with
           clients in respect of their vehicle models mass-produced or to be mass-produced in order to fully explore potential
           market demands from international customers.


     •     Risks to Technology and Research and Development
           As a technology-intensive and talent-intensive industry, the technological upgrading of EV battery and energy
           storage battery industry is fast, while safety, stability and advancement are also highly required in EV battery and
           energy storage battery market. For these reasons, only with continued investment in technological research and
           development can we continuously adapt to the changing market situations.


           Thanks to its long-term technologies accumulation and talent development, the Company has a technology patent
           R&D team which plays a leading role in the industry, and puts in place the mechanism to respond to market needs
           rapidly; furthermore, the Company continues to increase expenditure on the research and development of the
           next-generation technologies such as all-solid-state batteries, to maintain the leading role; at the same time, the
           Company maintains long-term cooperation with universities, colleges, scientific research institutions, and players in
           the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain to accelerate the process of technological breakthrough and
           commercialization.




66   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




FINANCIAL REVIEW
A discussion and analysis of the key factors relating to reviewing the financial position of the Group during the year is set
out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL
During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the total share capital of the Company. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, the total share capital of the Company was 1,772,301,858 shares. Reference is made to the announcement of
the Company dated 4 September 2025 in relation to the completion of the H Share “Full Circulation” by the Company.
149,831,290 domestic shares of the Company were converted into H Shares on 4 September 2025 and listed on the
Stock Exchange on 5 September 2025. Upon the completion of the H Share “Full Circulation”, H Shares of the Company
increased by 149,831,290 shares and domestic shares decreased by 149,831,290 shares. The total number of issued shares
of the Company remained unchanged after the conversion. Details are as follows:


                                                   Immediately before completion             Upon completion of the
                                                    of the Conversion and Listing          Conversion and the Listing
                                                                          Percentage                           Percentage
                                                                          of the total                        of the total
                                                                           number of                            number of
                                                                               issued                               issued
                                                       Number of            shares of        Number of           shares of
Type of Shares                                              Shares      the Company              Shares     the Company


Domestic Shares                                     1,160,633,753             65.49%      1,010,802,463            57.03%
H Shares                                              611,668,105             34.51%        761,499,395            42.97%


Total                                               1,772,301,858                  100%   1,772,301,858              100%


For details of the H Share “Full Circulation”, please refer to the relevant announcements of the Company dated 14 April
2025, 14 August 2025, 19 August 2025 and 4 September 2025.


SUBSIDIARIES
Details of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.


FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board has resolved neither to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025, nor
to convert capital reserve to share capital or make other forms of distribution.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025      67
     Directors’ Report




     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is not exposed to any significant environmental risks. During the Reporting Period, it is to the knowledge of
     Directors that the Group has complied with all relevant laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group
     in all material respects.


     Further details of the environmental policies and performance of the Company are set out in the “2025 Environmental,
     Social and Governance Report” which is to be published on the same day with this report.


     LEGAL PROCEEDINGS AND COMPLIANCE
     The Group may be involved in various legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations in the ordinary course of business
     from time to time. Save as disclosed in this report, during the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any
     legal proceedings, arbitration or litigation which, in our opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the ordinary
     business, financial condition or results of operations and, to our knowledge, there is no risk of any such legal proceedings,
     arbitrations or administrative litigations.


     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company as of 31 December 2025 are set out in the
     consolidated statement of changes in equity and note 44 to the financial statements, respectively.


     The Group’s reserves available for distribution as at 31 December 2025, calculated in accordance with the applicable laws
     of the PRC, the place of incorporation of the Company, amounted to approximately RMB2,674,316 thousand.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in note
     19 to the consolidated financial statements.




68   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The percentages of sales amount and purchase amount of the Group’s major customers and suppliers for the year ended 31
December 2025 are as follows:


Sales amount

– The largest customer                                         16.7%
– Total of the five largest customers                          50.8%


Purchase amount


– The largest supplier                                         8.6%
– Total of the five largest suppliers                          35.1%


Among the five largest suppliers of the Group, except for China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電
(洛陽)有限公司) (“Luoyang Company”) which is a connected person of the Company (for more details, refer to the section
headed “Directors’ Report – Continuing Connected Transactions”), the Directors of the Company, their close associates or
any Shareholders (which to the knowledge of the Directors own more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital) do
not have any interest in any of the other abovementioned major suppliers or customers.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
The Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreement in 2025 and no such agreement existed at the end of 2025.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The Company maintained appropriate liability insurance for Directors and officers of the Company and such permitted
indemnity provision for the benefit of Directors is still in force and continued to be in force for the year ended 31 December
2025. Apart from this, the Company had no other valid permitted indemnity provisions during the Reporting Period and at
the time of approval as at the date of this annual report.


ISSUED DEBENTURE
In order to further broaden the financing channels and optimize the debt financing structure, the Company successfully
issued three tranches of green technology innovation bonds in 2025, with a total amount of RMB1,900 million, which will
be used for the construction of green projects of the Company and the repayment of interest-bearing liabilities of green
projects. The details are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       69
     Directors’ Report




     DONATION
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group made charitable and other donations totalling RMB8,083 thousand.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
     Company was entered into or existed for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report are:


     Executive Directors
     Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman and General Manager)
     Dai Ying


     Non-executive Directors
     Hu Jing
     Li Jiancun
     Xie Jieping


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Dr. Wang Susheng
     Dr. Chen Zetong
     Dr. Xiao Wen (appointed on 10 October 2025)
     Wu Guangquan(¹) (resigned on 10 October 2025)


     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     Each of the independent non-executive Directors has provided a written confirmation to confirm his independence from
     the Company under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. Upon assessment, the Company considers each of the independent
     non-executive Directors to be independent.




     (1)    Wu Guangquan resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company due to personal work adjustment.

70   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
All of the executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and Supervisors of the Company have entered into
service contracts or letters of appointment with the Company, respectively. The term of office of each Director is thereafter
renewed annually by mutual consent, unless terminated by either party giving to the other not less than three months’ prior
written notice. In accordance with Articles 96 and 106 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Directors shall
be elected or replaced at the general meetings, with a term of three years. Upon expiry of the term of office, the Directors
may be re-elected, but the term of office of an independent Director shall not exceed six years (unless the term of office of
an independent Director is otherwise provided for by relevant laws, regulations and the listing rules of the exchange where
the Company’s shares are listed).


None of the Directors or Supervisors who are to be re-elected at the annual general meeting has entered into any service
contract with the Group which may not be terminated by the Group within a year without payment of any compensation
(other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the Directors, the Directors of the Company’s subsidiaries or their respective associates has an interest in any
business which competes or is likely to compete (whether directly or indirectly) with the business of the Company and
its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2025 (except for directors and/or directors of their subsidiaries and their
respective associates).


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party to any
arrangement enabling the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of equity or debt securities, including
the debentures of the Company or any other body corporate during the year ended 31 December 2025.


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Details of the Group’s continuing connected transactions during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
I.     Sales Framework Agreement
       As at the date of this annual report, Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 26.02% of the issued
       shares of the Company and is one of the substantial shareholders of the Company, and therefore Jintan Holding and
       its associates are connected persons of the Company. Luoyang Company is owned as to 49% by Jinhang Holding
       and 51% by Jincheng Technology, respectively, and Jincheng Technology is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Thus,
       Luoyang Company is an associate of Jintan Holding and hence a connected person of the Company.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       71
     Directors’ Report




           On 4 January 2024, Luoyang Company entered into a sales framework agreement with the Company (the “Sales
           Framework Agreement”), under which the Group will sell lithium batteries components and related products
           (including raw materials, work in progress and finished goods) to Luoyang Company and its associates for a term
           from 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024, which has been renewed on the Board meeting held on 15 November
           2024, for a term from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (the “2025 Sales Framework Agreement”). As
           the Company estimates that the existing annual caps under these agreements will not be sufficient to satisfy the
           relevant business development needs, on 12 November 2025, upon consideration and approval by the Board
           of the Company, the Company (for itself and on behalf of the Group) and Luoyang Company (for itself and on
           behalf of its associates) entered into the Supplemental Agreement to the 2025 Sales Framework Agreement (the
           “Supplemental Agreement to the 2025 Sales Framework Agreement”) to revise the annual cap under the
           2025 Sales Framework Agreement. Save for the revision of the annual caps, the other principal terms of the 2025
           Sales Framework Agreement remain unchanged. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 12 November
           2025 as disclosed by the Company on the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


           As the 2025 Sales Framework Agreement will expire on 31 December 2025, the Company expects such transactions
           to continue thereafter. On 24 December 2025, as approved at the 2025 third extraordinary general meeting of
           the Company, the term of the Sales Framework Agreement was further extended to the period from 1 January
           2026 to 31 December 2026 (the “2026 Sales Framework Agreement”). Based on the previous transactions,
           Luoyang Company has a thorough understanding of the Group’s product range and product quality, and it is cost
           effective and mutually beneficial for both parties to continue the cooperation. The sale of Lithium Batteries and
           related products to Luoyang Company and its associates at fair, reasonable and competitive prices is part of the
           Company’s ordinary and usual course of business, which helps enhance the Group’s revenue in the sale of Lithium
           Batteries and related products and promotes the Group’s business development. The prices of Lithium Batteries and
           related products sold by the Group to Luoyang Company and its associates will be determined after arm’s length
           negotiations mainly by reference to market prices and the sales prices of similar products supplied by the Group to
           other Independent Third Party customers, having taken into account the costs plus a reasonable profit margin. For
           details, please refer to the announcements dated 24 December 2025 and 12 November 2025 and the circular dated
           4 December 2025 as disclosed by the Company on the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


           The revised annual cap for the continuing connected transaction under the Supplemental Agreement to the
           2025 Sales Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB1,360 million, and the actual
           transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately RMB1,351.63 million.




72   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report




II.   Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement
      As at the date of this annual report, Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 26.02% of the issued
      shares of the Company and is one of the substantial shareholders of the Company, and therefore Jintan Holding and
      its associates are connected persons of the Company. Luoyang Company is owned as to 49% by Jinhang Holding
      and 51% by Jincheng Technology, respectively, and Jincheng Technology is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Thus,
      Luoyang Company is an associate of Jintan Holding and hence a connected person of the Company.


      On 4 January 2024, Luoyang Company entered into an entrusted processing framework agreement with the
      Company (the “Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Company agrees to
      entrust Luoyang Company and Luoyang Company agrees to provide processing services of lithium batteries for
      the Company for a term of one year commencing from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024. On 31
      December 2024, the term of the Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement was extended to the period from 1
      January 2025 to 31 December 2025 (the “2025 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”). As the Company
      estimates that the existing annual caps under these agreements will not be sufficient to satisfy the relevant business
      development needs, on 12 November 2025, as approved at the 2025 third extraordinary general meeting of the
      Company, the Company (for itself and on behalf of the Group) and Luoyang Company (for itself and on behalf of
      Luoyang Group) entered into the Supplemental Agreement to the 2025 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement
      (the “Supplemental Agreement to the 2025 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”) to revise the
      annual cap under the 2025 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement. Save for the revision of the annual caps,
      the other principal terms of the 2025 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement remain unchanged. For details,
      please refer to the announcements dated 24 December 2025 and 12 November 2025 and the circular dated 4
      December 2025 as disclosed by the Company on the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


      As the 2025 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement will expire on 31 December 2025, on 24 December
      2025, as approved at the 2025 third extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the term of the Entrusted
      Processing Framework Agreement was further extended to the period from 1 January 2026 to 31 December 2026
      (the “2026 Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement”). Luoyang Company will be responsible for the raw
      materials, front line workers and technicians whose licences and qualifications are recognized by us and completing
      the production and processing. The prices for lithium batteries processing services it provided are determined with
      reference to the cost of processing and producing lithium batteries and the prevailing market price of processing
      services in the same or proximity areas charged by Independent Third Parties. The Group and Luoyang Company will
      also enter into a specific entrusted processing agreement in respect of the detailed terms of the processing services.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025      73
     Directors’ Report




            The Directors are of the view that the transactions under the Entrusted Processing Framework Agreement are to
            the benefit of the Company because (1) Luoyang Company has a mature and stable production line, and is able
            to serve the Company’s existing customers nearby. The use of Luoyang Company’s existing production capacity is
            more cost-effective than the construction of new production lines by the Company, which can ensure the stability of
            products of relevant models and the continuity of orders so as to meet the needs of customers for related products,
            so as to further increase the Group’s revenue and support its long-term business growth; (2) Luoyang Company as
            well as the shareholders of Luoyang Company have already entered into a non-compete undertaking in favor of
            each member of the Group and undertook that Luoyang Company cannot engage in the business of manufacturing,
            research and development and sales of the Lithium Batteries, unless the Company’s demands for entrusted
            processing services for the Lithium Batteries have been satisfied and an expressed consent have been obtained
            from the Company. Such undertaking can effectively avoid potential competition from Luoyang Company; (3)
            based on the previous transactions, both the Group and Luoyang Company have a thorough understanding of each
            other’s product and service quality, and cooperation model, and it is cost effective and mutually beneficial for both
            parties to leverage their respective strengths to engage in cooperation; and (4) it is not easy to find a substitute for
            provision of processing service of the Lithium Batteries in the market with similar quality, price, production capacity
            and cultivated trust and understanding.


            The annual cap for above continuing connected transaction for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB3,800
            million, and the actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately RMB3,575.80
            million.


     III.   The General Contracting Agreements for Construction Projects
            As at the date of this annual report, Jintan Holding directly and indirectly held approximately 26.02% of the total
            issued shares of the Company and is one of the substantial Shareholders of the Company, and therefore Jintan
            Holding and its associates are connected persons of the Company. Jiangsu Chengdong Construction Engineering
            Co., Ltd.* (江蘇城東建設工程有限公司) (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”) is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of
            Jintan Holding, and hence a connected person of the Company.


            Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated December 18, 2023 in relation to, among others,
            the Engineering and Construction Framework Agreement entered into between the Company (for itself and on
            behalf of the Group) and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) (the “2024
            to 2026 Engineering and Construction Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which, Jiangsu Chengdong
            Construction and its subsidiaries will provide general contracting services of design, procurement and construction
            for certain industrial parks or buildings of the Group for a term of three years commencing from January 1, 2024
            to December 31, 2026. On 15 November 2024, the Board agreed to enter into the Supplemental Agreement to the
            2024 to 2026 Engineering and Construction Framework Agreement between the Company and Jiangsu Chengdong
            Construction to revise the annual caps under the 2024 to 2026 Engineering and Construction Framework
            Agreement, for the purpose of early completion, acceptance and settlement of the above construction projects
            between the Group and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction and allowing these projects to yield benefits earlier,
            thereby improving the Company’s market share and competitiveness.




74   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




       Due to the rapid growth across all business sectors of the Group and taking into account market demand, the Group
       will commence the construction of certain production lines during the period of 2025 to 2026 in an orderly manner.
       Therefore, on 26 September 2025, the Board agreed that the Company and Jiangsu Chengdong Construction
       entered into Supplemental Agreement II to revise the existing annual caps for the years ending 31 December 2025
       and 2026 under the 2024 to 2026 Engineering and Construction Framework Agreement and the Supplemental
       Agreement. Except for the revision of the annual caps, the other principal terms of the 2024 to 2026 Engineering
       and Construction Framework Agreement remain unchanged. General contracting services provided by Jiangsu
       Chengdong Construction and its subsidiaries in respect of design, procurement and construction to certain industrial
       parks or buildings of the Group are in line with the Group’s expansion plan, which will have a positive impact on
       the future performance of the Group. For details, please refer to the announcement dated 26 September 2025 as
       disclosed by the Company on the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


       The annual cap for above continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2025 was RMB250
       million. The actual transaction amount for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately RMB161.26 million.


Confirmation of Independent Non-Executive Directors
Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, all independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the abovementioned
continuing connected transactions and, after taking into consideration of factors such as market environment, transaction
amounts and corporate governance, confirmed that they were entered into by the Group: (i) in the ordinary course of
business; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on
terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025      75
     Directors’ Report




     Confirmation of Auditor
     The auditor of the Company has been engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
     with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
     Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
     Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The auditor has issued a letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the abovementioned
     continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, and concluded that:


     (i)     nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the abovementioned continuing
             connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


     (ii)    for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention that
             causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing
             policies of the Group;


     (iii)   nothing has come to their attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not carried out, in
             all material respects, in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and


     (iv)    with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to their
             attention that causes the auditor to believe that the amounts have exceeded the related annual caps for the year
             ended 31 December 2025.


     A copy of the auditor’s letter on the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025
     has been provided to the Company.


     Connected Transactions
     Acquisition of 8.3155% Equity Interest in Wuhan Company
     On 23 December 2025, the Company successfully bid for the 8.3155% equity interest (“Target Equity”) in CALB (Wuhan)
     Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司) (“Wuhan Company”) offered for sale by Wuhan Jingkai Investment Co., Ltd.*
     (武漢經開投資有限公司) (“Wuhan Jingkai Investment”) in the Public Tender held by CBEX. Accordingly, on 24 December
     2025 (after trading hours), the Company entered into the Equity Transaction Agreement with Wuhan Jingkai Investment,
     pursuant to which, the Company agreed to purchase, and Wuhan Jingkai Investment agreed to sell, the Target Equity at a
     consideration of RMB660,076.1 thousand (the “Acquisition”).




76   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                   Directors’ Report




On 24 December 2025, Wuhan Company was owned as to 51% and 49% by the Company and Wuhan Jingkai Investment,
respectively. Wuhan Jingkai Investment is the substantial shareholder of Wuhan Company and Wuhan Company is a
non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, Wuhan Jingkai Investment therefore constitutes a connected person of
the Company at the subsidiary level. Therefore, the Acquisition contemplated under the Equity Transaction Agreement
constitutes a connected transaction of the Company. Upon the completion of the auction and the Acquisition, the
Company’s equity interest in Wuhan Company shall increase from 51% to 59.3155%, and Wuhan Company will continue
to be a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.


Since its establishment, Wuhan Company has efficiently and rapidly completed the construction of production lines and
put them into operation, with stable revenue growth, good profitability, and a controllable liability-to-asset ratio. Based
on the positive outlook for the development of Wuhan Company, the Company has participated in the Public Tender. The
completion of the Acquisition will further increase the shareholding proportion of the Company in Wuhan Company. For
details, please refer to the announcement dated 24 December 2025 as disclosed by the Company on the HKEXnews website
of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


The related party transactions set out in Note 49 to the consolidated financial statements do not constitute non-exempt
connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules, except that the transactions entered into between the Group and their connected persons constitute connected
transactions and/or continuing connected transactions as disclosed above, and the Company has complied with all the
applicable requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in this respect. Save as disclosed in this annual report, there
were no other connected transactions which are required to be disclosed by the Company during the Reporting Period in
accordance with the Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENT OR CONTRACT OF SIGNIFICANCE
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in
which a Director, a Supervisor or any entity in connection with any Director or Supervisor had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year ended 31 December 2025.


CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
There is no Shareholder of the Company holding more than 30% of the voting rights of the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares as defined under the Listing Rules). As of the end of the
Reporting Period, the Company did not hold treasury shares.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       77
     Directors’ Report




     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     As at 31 December 2025, the total number of employees of the Group was 14,323. Staff costs (including Directors’
     remuneration) of the Group for the year of 2025 amounted to approximately RMB1,761,387,000, and the total
     remuneration of the Group’s Directors, Supervisors and senior management in 2025 amounted to approximately
     RMB40,030,000. The staff costs include basic remuneration, bonuses and employee benefits.


     Upholding the core values of sincerity, efficiency and win-win cooperation, and deeply implementing the “Culture and
     Talent Strategy”, the Company is committed to respecting and cultivating talents, and providing a development platform
     for willing and capable employees, so as to earnestly perform its social responsibilities. The Company has established a
     comprehensive remuneration and benefit management system, and built a remuneration and benefit system featuring
     both external competitiveness and internal fairness. The Company comprehensively assesses employees’ abilities and room
     for growth through a fair and transparent promotion mechanism and taking into consideration the employee’s values,
     performance, competence and development potential, so as to match the talents with the Company’s development
     needs. The Company implements a salary adjustment system that is externally competitive, internally fair, and individually
     balanced to maximize the potential of the team and individuals. In terms of bonus distribution, the Company evaluates
     the achievement of the operational targets at the company level and the performance targets at the department level as
     well as the achievement of the labor cost targets of each system, and distributes the bonuses according to the employees’
     performance contributions. The Company continues to optimize the hierarchical and layered talent incentive system,
     implement differentiated incentive strategies for different categories of employees, consistently enhance their sense of
     belonging, accomplishment and honor, so as to achieve mutual growth of the employees and the Company.


     EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Details of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management are set out in note 16 and note 49 to the
     consolidated financial statements.


     FIVE HIGHEST-PAID EMPLOYEES
     Details of the five highest-paid individuals are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.


     NON-COMPETITION AGREEMENT
     The non-competition agreement dated 2 March 2022 was entered into by each member of Jintan Group in favor of the
     Company (for the Company and as trustee for each of its subsidiaries), as further described under the section headed
     “Relationship with Jintan Group – Non-Competition Agreement” in the Prospectus.


     The Company has received an annual declaration in writing from each member of Jintan Group confirming that it had
     complied with the non-competition undertakings provided to the Company under the non-competition agreement. The
     independent non-executive Directors reviewed the status of compliance and enforcement of the non-competition agreement
     and confirmed that all the undertakings thereunder have been complied with for the year ended 31 December 2025.




78   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                 Directors’ Report




RELATIONS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The success of the Group relies on the support of important relations such as employees, suppliers and customers. The
Company maintains a good relationship with its employees, customers and suppliers in order to ensure smooth business
operation.


Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 31 December 2025, the long positions and short positions in Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our Company
or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of
our Company have or are taken or deemed to have (a) which shall be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in
the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to the Supervisors)
are as follows:


                                                                                                           Percentage of
                                                                                                           shareholdings      Percentage of
 Name of Directors,                                                                                         in respective     shareholdings
 Supervisors or chief                             Nature of        Class of                Number of       class of share        in the total
 executive                   Position             interests        shares                shares held(1)          capital(2)   share capital(3)


 Liu Jingyu                  Executive Director Beneficial owner   Domestic Shares          2,002,265              0.20%               0.11%
 Dai Ying                    Executive Director Beneficial owner   Domestic Shares          1,196,820              0.12%               0.07%


Notes:

(1)      All the interests above represent long positions.

(2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
         1,010,802,463 Domestic Shares and 761,499,395 H Shares).

(3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as
         at 31 December 2025.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of our Company
had or was taken or deemed to have the long positions and short positions in Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of
our Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (a) which shall be notified to us and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if
they applied to the Supervisors).




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         79
     Directors’ Report




     Interests and Short Positions of Major Shareholders and Other Persons in the Shares and
     Underlying Shares of the Company
     As at 31 December 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors, Supervisors
     or the chief executive of the Company) had the interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which shall
     be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required to
     be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                                 Shareholdings        Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                                  in respective       shareholdings
                                                                                                                         Class of              Number of         class of share          in the total
     Name of Shareholder                                                               Nature of interests               shares              shares held   (1)
                                                                                                                                                                      capital   (2)
                                                                                                                                                                                      share capital(3)


     Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.                                  Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares    172,255,431(L)           17.04%(L)              9.72%(L)
       (“Jinsha Investment”)(7)                                                        Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares     8,642,400(L)            0.86%(L)              0.49%(L)
                                                                                       Beneficial owner                  H Shares            79,874,850(L)           10.49%(L)              4.51%(L)
     Changzhou Huake Engineering Construction Co., Ltd.                                Beneficial owner                  H Shares            55,897,277(L)            7.34%(L)              3.15%(L)
       (“Huake Engineering”)   (7)


     Changzhou Huake Technology Investment Co., Ltd.                                   Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares     77,785,163(L)            7.70%(L)              4.39%(L)
       (“Huake Investment”)   (7)


     Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development                         Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares   120,546,199(L)           11.93%(L)              6.80%(L)
       Co., Ltd.(“Jintan Hualuogeng”)   (4) & (7)


                                                                                       Interest in controlled corporation H Shares           55,897,277(L)            7.34%(L)              3.15%(L)
     Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.(“Jintan Holding”)   (5) & (6) & (7)
                                                                                       Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares   301,444,030(L)           29.82%(L)             17.01%(L)
                                                                                       Others                            Domestic Shares     24,000,000(L)            2.37%(L)              1.35%(L)
                                                                                       Interest in controlled corporation H Shares          135,772,127(L)           17.83%(L)              7.66%(L)
     Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. (8)                          Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)            9.82%(L)              5.60%(L)
                                                                                       Interest in controlled corporation H Shares           42,559,842(L)            5.59%(L)              2.40%(L)


     Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership                                Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares     99,306,299(L)            9.82%(L)              5.60%(L)
       (Limited Partnership)(“Lihang Jinzhi”)(8)
                                                                                       Beneficial owner                  H Shares            42,559,842(L)            5.59%(L)              2.40%(L)




80   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                                               Directors’ Report




                                                                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                                                                                                               Shareholdings        Percentage of
                                                                                                                                                in respective       shareholdings
                                                                                                       Class of              Number of         class of share          in the total
Name of Shareholder                                                  Nature of interests               shares              shares held   (1)
                                                                                                                                                    capital   (2)
                                                                                                                                                                    share capital(3)


Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.,                              Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares     26,306,305(L)            2.60%(L)              1.48%(L)
  (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”)   (9)
                                                                     Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)            9.82%(L)              5.60%(L)
                                                                     Interest in controlled corporation H Shares           42,559,842(L)            5.59%(L)              2.40%(L)
                                                                     Beneficial owner                  H Shares             8,018,430(L)            1.05%(L)              0.45%(L)
Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.(“Jinyuan Investment”)(9)   Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares     26,306,305(L)            2.60%(L)              1.48%(L)
                                                                     Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares   149,612,604(L)           14.80%(L)              8.44%(L)
                                                                     Beneficial owner                  H Shares            11,274,130(L)            1.48%(L)              0.64%(L)
                                                                     Interest in controlled corporation H Shares           50,578,272(L)            6.64%(L)              2.85%(L)
Sichuan Chengfei Jicheng Technology Co., Ltd.                        Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares    105,802,107(L)           10.47%(L)              5.97%(L)
  (“Chengfei Jicheng”)   (10)
                                                                     Beneficial owner                  H Shares            45,343,760(L)            5.95%(L)              2.56%(L)
Aviation Industry Corporation of China Limited (“AVIC”)(10)          Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares   116,992,304(L)           11.57%(L)              6.60%(L)
                                                                     Interest in controlled corporation H Shares           46,978,691(L)            6.17%(L)              2.65%(L)
Guangdong Guangqi Ruidian Equity Investment Partnership              Beneficial owner                  H Shares            50,484,991(L)            6.63%(L)              2.85%(L)
  Enterprise (Limited Partnership)
China Insurance Investment Company Ltd                               Interest in controlled corporation Domestic Shares      80,177,982             7.93%(L)              4.52%(L)
China Insurance Investment (Shenzhen) Advanced Manufacturing         Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares       52,043,316             5.15%(L)              2.94%(L)
  Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (11)




                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025                81
     Directors’ Report




     Notes:

     (1)      All the interests above represent long position.

     (2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective class of shares as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
              1,010,802,463 Domestic Shares and 761,499,395 H Shares).

     (3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
              1,772,301,858 shares).

     (4)      Each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Hualuogeng. Jintan Hualuogeng is deemed to be interested in
              the Shares held by each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

     (5)      Jinsha Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Jintan Hualuogeng is owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding. Jintan Holding is deemed to
              be interested in the Shares held by each of Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

     (6)      The investment by Jintan International in our Company was made in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding and Jintan
              International exercises its voting rights in our Company in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding.

     (7)      Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International, Changzhou Changjin New Energy Partnership (Limited
              Partnership), Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding are a group of largest Shareholders and directly or indirectly control an aggregate of
              approximately 26.02% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (8)      Lihang Jinzhi is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC with Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co.,
              Ltd.* (廈門鋰航股權投資管理有限公司) being its general partner and Xiamen Industrial Investment being its limited partner. According to
              the partnership agreement of Lihang Jinzhi which provides, among other things, that the investment decision committee of Lihang Jinzhi
              shall comprise three members, of which Xiamen Industrial Investment shall be entitled to nominate two members, and Xiamen Industrial
              Investment exercises de facto control of Lihang Jinzhi. As such, Xiamen Industrial Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
              by Lihang Jinzhi under the SFO. Xiamen Industrial Investment directly owns approximately 1.94% interests in our Company and therefore
              Xiamen Industrial Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 9.95% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (9)      Xiamen Industrial Investment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jinyuan Investment and as such Jinyuan Investment is deemed to be interested
              in all the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi and Xiamen Industrial Investment under the SFO. Moreover, Xiamen Jinli No. 2 Equity Investment
              Partnership (Limited Partnership) owns approximately 1.35% interests in our Company respectively. Xiamen Jinli No. 2 is a limited partnership
              with Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) being its general partner. Xiamen City Jinyuan
              Equity Investment Co., Ltd.* is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. Jinli Investment is a limited partnership with Jinyuan Capital
              Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* being its general partner. Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* (金圓資本管理(廈門)有限公
              司) is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. As such, Jinyuan Investment is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Xiamen
              Jinli No.2 under the SFO. Jinyuan Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore Jinyuan Investment
              directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 13.42% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (10)     Chengfei Jicheng is a joint stock limited company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002190) and
              ultimately controlled by AVIC. As such, AVIC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Chengfei Jicheng under the SFO. Moreover,
              each of Missile Academy, Aviation Investment and Hongdu Airline owns approximately 0.55%, 0.09% and 0.08% interests in our Company
              respectively, and each of the above companies and partnerships is ultimately controlled by AVIC, which is also deemed to be interested in the
              Shares held by such companies and partnerships under the SFO. Therefore, AVIC indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 9.25% of
              our Company’s voting rights.

     (11)     General partners of China Insurance Investment (Shenzhen) Advanced Manufacturing Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), China
              Insurance Investment No. 1 (Shenzhen) New Energy Automobile Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) and China Insurance
              Investment (Shenzhen) Strategic Emerging Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) are all ultimately managed and controlled by
              China Insurance Investment Company Ltd. As such, China Insurance Investment Company Ltd is deemed to be interested in the Shares of the
              Company held by each of China Insurance Investment (Shenzhen) Advanced Manufacturing Investment Partnership (Limited Partners), China
              Insurance Investment No. 1 (Shenzhen) New Energy Automobile Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) and China Insurance
              Investment (Shenzhen) Strategic Emerging Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) under the SFO.




82   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report




Pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, shareholders are required to submit disclosure of interest forms if certain conditions are
fulfilled. In the event of a change in a shareholder’s shareholding in the Company, it is not necessary for the shareholder
to notify the Company and the Stock Exchange unless certain conditions have been fulfilled, so the shareholder’s latest
shareholding in the Company may differ from the shareholding submitted to the Stock Exchange.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors,
Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions under the Articles of Association and the laws of the PRC which oblige the Company to offer
pre-emptive rights of new shares to existing shareholders based on their shareholding proportion.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Group is not aware of any tax relief and exemption to the holders of any securities of the Company as a result of their
holding of such securities.


PENSION SCHEME
The employees of the subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland are required to participate in a central pension scheme managed by
the local municipal government in Chinese Mainland. The subsidiaries are required to contribute a prescribed percentage
of the relevant part of the payroll of these employees to the central pension scheme. The Group has no obligation for the
payment of retirement benefits beyond the annual contributions. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they
become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme. No forfeited contributions are available to
reduce the contribution payable by the Group in the future years.


RIGHTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in this report, at any time during the Reporting Period, the Company or any of its subsidiaries or holding
companies or any subsidiaries of the Company’s holding companies had not entered into any arrangement which would
empower the Directors or Supervisors to acquire benefits by acquiring shares in or debentures of the Company or any other
corporate body, and no Directors or Supervisors or any of their spouses or minor children had been granted any rights to
subscribe for equity interests in or debt securities of the Company or any other corporate body, nor had they exercised any
such rights.


At the beginning of the Reporting Period, there were no incentive shares outstanding or not vested with any of the
Directors, the five highest paid individuals during the Reporting Period and other employees as beneficiaries. During the
Reporting Period, there were no incentive share granted to any of the Directors, the five highest paid individuals and the
other employees. At the end of the Reporting Period, there were no incentive share outstanding or not vested with any of
the Directors, the five highest paid individuals or other employees as beneficiaries.


During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company did not issue shares pursuant to any equity incentive scheme.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025       83
     Directors’ Report




     PUBLIC FLOAT
     The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements of Rule 8.08(1)(a) of
     the Listing Rules, provided that the minimum public float of the Company shall be the higher of: (1) approximately 13.08%
     of the total issued share capital of the Company; (2) the percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately following
     the completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option. The details were disclosed in the
     Prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022.


     During the year ended 31 December 2025, based on information publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge
     of the Directors, the Company complied with the minimum public float as required by the Listing Rules, with its public float
     consistently maintained at not less than the minimum percentage of public float prescribed at the time of its listing. Since
     1 January 2026, the Company’s H Shares which are listed on the Stock Exchange and held by the public represent at least
     13.08% of the total number of issued shares of the Company (excluding the treasury shares).


     SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
     On 5 February 2026, the Board of the Company has considered and approved the proposed implementation of conversion
     of 207,102,914 domestic shares of the Company held by certain shareholders of the Company into H shares of the
     Company (the “H Share Full Circulation”). As of the date of this annual report, the Company has submitted the filing
     application documents to the CSRC for the H Share Full Circulation. The Company will make further announcement(s) on
     the progress of the H Share Full Circulation and the Conversion and Listing in accordance with the requirements of the
     Listing Rules. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 5 February 2026.


     After due and careful consideration, the Directors confirm that, save for the above disclosures, there has been no material
     adverse change in financial or trading position or prospects of the Company since 31 December 2025 to the date of this
     annual report.


     AUDITOR
     For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group’s domestic auditor was performed by RSM China (special general
     partnership), and the international auditor was performed by RSM Hong Kong. The financial statements set out in this
     annual report have been audited by RSM Hong Kong. There has been no change in auditor of the Group since the Listing
     Date.




     For and on behalf of the Board
     CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     Liu Jingyu
     Chairwoman, executive Director and General Manager


     Changzhou, the PRC
     27 March 2026




84   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Independent Auditor’s Report




TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CALB Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 94 to 218, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
December 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year
then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the
“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and
we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters. The key audit matters we identified are:


1.     Assessment of the Group’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern


2.     Revenue Recognition


3.     Valuation of Allowance for Inventories


4.     Government Grants

                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025       85
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                                How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Assessment of the Group’s Ability to Continue as a
      Going Concern


      Refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements        Our audit procedures in respect of the directors ’
                                                                      assessment of the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      As at 31 December 2025 the Group had net current                concern included the following:
      liabilities of approximately RMB12,773 million and total
      bank borrowings and bond payables of approximately              •      Assessing and challenging the reasonableness
      RMB57,267 million, with approximately RMB25,120                        of the key assumptions used by management in
      million due within one year. The Group also has capital                the cashflow forecast (including sales volumes,
      commitments of approximately RMB11,297 million which                   average unit selling price, gross profit margin and
      are mostly expected to be fulfilled within the next 18                 availability of banking facilities) by comparing them
      months.                                                                to historical production data, market trends for
                                                                             EV battery and ESS product prices and operational
      While management forecasts revenue growth and margin                   plans;
      improvement in coming year, the Group’s ability to
      meet its obligations depends on successfully increasing         •      Comparing the prior year’s cash flow forecast
      production capacity, reliably anticipating market demands,             prepared in the prior year with current year’s
      securing additional long-term financing for capital                    performance of the Group to assess the accuracy of
      expenditures, successfully rollover short-term borrowing               the prior year’s cash flow forecast, and discussing
      facilities and maintaining compliance with financial                   with management the reasons for any significant
      covenants of loans.                                                    variations identified;


      The directors of the Company have reviewed a                    •      Assessing the availability of banking facilities
      comprehensive cashflow forecast for a period of not less               during the Forecast Period by inspecting relevant
      than twelve months from 31 December 2025 (“Forecast                    underlying documents, which included banking
      Period”) in which certain key assumptions are applied by               facility agreements signed before and after the
      management for going concern assessment. These key                     reporting period end, and evaluating whether the
      assumptions included forecasts sales volumes, average                  facilities are sufficient to meet the Group’s needs
      unit selling price, gross profit margin, planned capital               in the context of the cashflow forecast, taking
      expenditure and the availability of banking facilities. Based          into the account any breach of loan covenants
      on the assessment, the directors concluded that there are              which may trigger early repayment of loans, and
      no material uncertainties related to events and conditions             the growing working capital requirements due to
      which, individually or collectively, may cast significant              forecasted scaling of manufacturing operations;
      doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going
      concern.




86   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                          Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Assessment of the Group’s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern (Continued)


We identified going concern assessment as a key audit        •     Assessing the Group’s ability to renew or refinance
matter because significant degree of management                    existing banking facilities upon maturity by
judgement and estimates are involved in making this                performing a retrospective review of past renewal
assessment and in forecasting the future cash flows of the         or roll-over history in prior years, and evaluate
Group which are inherently uncertain.                              the management’s plan and their assessment of
                                                                   feasibility of obtaining additional banking facilities
                                                                   in the Forecast Period;


                                                             •     Obtaining financial information after the reporting
                                                                   period and assessing for any post-year-end
                                                                   deterioration in performance or adverse events that
                                                                   could impact going concern assumptions;


                                                             •     Reviewing management’s sensitivity analyses on
                                                                   key assumptions used in the cashflow forecast and
                                                                   assessing their impact on the conclusions of the
                                                                   going concern assessment; and


                                                             •     Assessing the related disclosures in the
                                                                   consolidated financial statements with reference
                                                                   to the requirements of the prevailing accounting
                                                                   standards.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025      87
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                              How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Revenue Recognition


      Refer to note 4(v) and note 8 to the consolidated financial   Our audit procedures in relation to the recognition of
      statements                                                    revenue included the following:


      The Group’s revenue is principally generated from sales of    •      Understanding and assessing the design,
      EV batteries, ESS products and other related goods. During           implementation and operating effectiveness of
      the year, the Group has recorded revenue of approximately            the key internal controls over the Group’s systems
      RMB44,400 million, representing an increase of 60%                   which govern revenue recognition;
      compared with last year.
                                                                    •      Inspecting sales contracts with major customers to
      Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control               understand and assess the terms and conditions
      of the goods has transferred, being when the goods have              therein which may affect the recognition of
      been shipped to the customer’s specific location.                    revenue;


      We identified revenue recognition as a key audit matter       •      Testing revenue recorded on sample basis covering
      because revenue is one of the key performance indicators             different business locations and customers, by
      of the Group and because there is an inherent risk that              examining the relevant supporting documents
      revenue could be recorded in an incorrect period or could            including sales orders, goods delivery notes with
      be subject to manipulation in order to achieve financial             customer’s acceptance, sales invoices, etc.;
      targets and expectations.
                                                                    •      Comparing sales transactions recorded just before
                                                                           and after the year end with the underlying goods
                                                                           delivery notes on a sample basis to assess if
                                                                           the related revenue had been recognised in the
                                                                           appropriate accounting period;


                                                                    •      Selecting ex-warehouse numbers recorded in the
                                                                           ex-warehouse listing and tracing them back to the
                                                                           sales register on a sample basis to assess whether
                                                                           sales transactions are completely recorded in the
                                                                           sales register; and


                                                                    •      Checking to inventories and sales records
                                                                           subsequent to the year end for any significant sales
                                                                           returns that occurred after the reporting period.




88   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Valuation of Allowance for Inventories


Refer to note 4(j) and note 25 to the consolidated financial      Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s valuation
statements                                                        of allowance for inventory included the following:


As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of                    •      Assessing the inherent risk of material misstatement
inventories is approximately RMB7,164 million and                        by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
allowance for inventories of approximately RMB523 million                and level of other inherent risk factors including
was charged to profit or loss during the year.                           subjectivity;


Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net               •      Understanding and evaluating management’s key
realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling          controls over the assessment of the net realisable
price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated             value of inventories and related loss allowances
costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to                 including periodic review on inventories;
make the sale.
                                                                  •      Evaluating the outcome of prior period assessment
We identified the valuation of the allowance for inventories             of net realisable value of inventories to assess the
as a key audit matter because there is a significant                     effectiveness of management’s estimation process;
inherent risk related to assessing the net realisable value of
inventories. This assessment involves significant estimates       •      Evaluating the reasonableness and appropriateness
and subjective judgments of management.                                  of the methods and estimations used in net
                                                                         realisable value of inventories; and


                                                                  •      Comparing the carrying value of inventories to
                                                                         actual prices for sales transactions subsequent to
                                                                         the end of the reporting period, on a sample basis.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025    89
     Independent Auditor’s Report




      Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Government Grants


      Refer to note 4(z), note 9, note 27 and note 35 to the         Our audit procedures in relation to the Group’s
      consolidated financial statements                              government grants included the following:


      The Group recognises government grant when there is            •      Inspecting, on a sample basis, documents relating
      reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with                  to government grants received or receivable
      the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be             during the year, identifying the specific conditions
      received.                                                             attached, and assessing whether the Group’s
                                                                            determination on classification of income related
      The Group has recognised significant government grants in             and long-term asset related grants complied with
      profit or loss during the year, and had significant deferred          IAS 20 Accounting for Government Grants and
      income as at end of reporting period as set out in note 9             Disclosure of Government Assistance;
      and note 35, respectively.
                                                                     •      For income-related government grants, verifying
      Most of the government grants recognised during the                   the occurrence and recognition of the expenditures
      year were related to compensation for operating costs                 and checking whether related government grants
      and expenses incurred, hence being income-related and                 released to profit or loss matched corresponding
      recognised in profit or loss in the same period as the                expenditures;
      relevant expenditures.
                                                                     •      For asset-related government grants, verifying total
      As at end of the reporting period, certain government                 government grant amount recognised as deferred
      grant receivables as set out in note 27 were recognised               revenue matched the corresponding capitalized
      but not yet received.                                                 expenditures of assets purchased or under
                                                                            construction, and verifying the relationship between
      We identified accounting for government grants as a key               grants and assets items; once these government
      audit matter because of its significance to the consolidated          grant related long-term assets were ready to use we
      financial statements and because of the exercise of                   checked whether the recognised deferred revenue
      management judgement in relation to the conditions                    was amortised on a straight-line basis to the profit
      attached to the government grants and assessing whether               or loss for the period over the useful life of related
      they are met and whether the grants will be received.                 assets; and


                                                                     •      Checking subsequent receipts of government grants
                                                                            receivables for the year.




90   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report




Other Information
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in
the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work
we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report
that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial
Statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.


The Audit Committee assists the directors in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting
process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025       91
     Independent Auditor’s Report




     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:


     •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
            or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
            and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
            fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
            misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
            appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
            Group’s internal control.


     •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
            disclosures made by the directors.


     •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
            the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
            significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
            exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
            financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the
            audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the
            Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


     •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
            disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
            manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
            of the entities or business activities within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
            statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes
            of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
     significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
     independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
     on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




92   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                           Independent Auditor’s Report




From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Szeto Tai Shun (Practising
certificate number: P07359).




RSM Hong Kong
Certified Public Accountants
29th Floor, Lee Garden Two
28 Yun Ping Road
Causeway Bay
Hong Kong
27 March 2026




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025      93
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                         Note     RMB’000        RMB’000


     Revenue                                                              8     44,400,067     27,751,526
     Cost of sales                                                              (36,988,116)   (23,341,632)


     Gross profit                                                                7,411,951      4,409,894


     Investment and other income                                          9        333,611        357,560
     Other losses, net                                                   10        (251,616)      (139,021)
     Selling expenses                                                              (777,434)      (615,974)
     Administrative expenses                                                     (1,484,457)    (1,257,403)
     Research and development expenses                                           (2,142,560)    (1,417,611)
     Reversal of impairment losses/(impairment losses) on trade and
        bills receivables                                                26           3,951        (91,058)
     Reversal of impairment losses/(impairment losses) on prepayments,
        deposits and other receivables                                   27         32,320         (40,987)


     Profit from operations                                                      3,125,766      1,205,400
     Finance costs                                                       12        (854,596)      (415,116)
     Share of losses of associates                                                     (819)           (85)


     Profit before tax                                                           2,270,351        790,199
     Income tax (expense)/credit                                         13        (175,128)       53,427


     Profit for the year                                                 14      2,095,223        843,626


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                       1,475,632        591,196
     Non-controlling interests                                                     619,591        252,430


                                                                                 2,095,223        843,626


     Earnings per share                                                  18


     Basic (RMB per share)                                                          0.8326         0.3336


     Diluted (RMB per share)                                                        0.8326         0.3336




94   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                   Other Comprehensive Income                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000


Profit for the year                                                      2,095,223             843,626


Other comprehensive income/(expense):
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value through other
  comprehensive income (FVTOCI)                                             95,025             (76,423)


Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                       (4,698)              1,570


Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year, net of tax               90,327             (74,853)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                  2,185,550             768,773


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                    1,565,959             516,343
Non-controlling interests                                                  619,591             252,430


                                                                         2,185,550             768,773




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         95
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                    2025          2024
                                                                      Note      RMB’000       RMB’000


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                     19      91,803,586    81,005,464
     Right-of-use assets                                               20       2,469,276     1,749,505
     Goodwill                                                          21        137,956              –
     Intangible assets                                                 22       2,118,814     1,480,521
     Investments in associates                                         24        359,959        16,109
     Other financial assets                                            29       2,241,924      829,152
     Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment    27       1,142,603      993,795
     Deferred tax assets                                               39        763,521       793,450


                                                                              101,037,639    86,867,996


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                       25       7,163,551     5,263,435
     Trade and bills receivables                                       26      14,964,655     8,414,300
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       27       8,175,971     7,455,596
     Amounts due from related parties                                  28               –      201,399
     Other financial assets                                            29       5,019,239     1,834,516
     Current tax assets                                                             3,186          185
     Pledged bank deposits                                            30(a)     2,552,680     3,377,123
     Restricted bank balances                                         30(b)          508           280
     Bank and cash balances                                           30(c)     9,637,699     9,058,553


                                                                               47,517,489    35,605,387


     Current liabilities
     Trade and bills payables                                          31      27,036,648    19,486,536
     Accruals and other payables                                       32       6,866,909     6,779,961
     Contract liabilities                                              33        329,736       141,294
     Bond payables                                                     34         11,441              –
     Amounts due to related parties                                    28         25,658        27,250
     Lease liabilities                                                 36        385,519        31,463
     Bank borrowings                                                   37      25,108,122    18,960,089
     Provisions                                                        38        311,608       122,660
     Financial guarantee                                               40        143,567        34,563
     Current tax liabilities                                                      71,092           485


                                                                               60,290,300    45,584,301


     Net current liabilities                                                  (12,772,811)   (9,978,914)


     Total assets less current liabilities                                     88,264,828    76,889,082


96   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                            Note            RMB’000              RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Bond payables                                                                34             1,900,000                     –
Deferred income                                                              35               338,124             297,907
Lease liabilities                                                            36               648,596              69,137
Bank borrowings                                                              37           30,247,028          27,156,291
Provisions                                                                   38             1,520,911           1,303,117
Deferred tax liabilities                                                     39               153,560                8,705


                                                                                          34,808,219          28,835,157


NET ASSETS                                                                                53,456,609          48,053,925


Capital and reserves
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                                42             1,772,302           1,772,302
Reserves                                                                     44           34,966,643          33,411,542


                                                                                          36,738,945          35,183,844


Non-controlling interests                                                                 16,717,664          12,870,081


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                              53,456,609          48,053,925


Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:



                            LIU Jingyu                                                 DAI Ying




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         97
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                              Safety      Contribution                                        Financial assets
                                                 Share capital/          Capital           Merger        production               from         Exchange        Put option          at FVTOCI                                      Non-
                                                 Paid-in capital         reserve           reserve             fund        shareholder           reserve          Reserve             reserve    Retained                   controlling        Total
                                                      (Note 42)    (Note 44(b)(i)) (Note 44(b)(ii)) (Note 44(b)(iii)) (Note 44(b)(iv))    (Note 44(b)(v)) (note 44(b)(vi)) (Note 44(b)(vii))     earnings          Total      interests       equity
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


     At 1 January 2024                                1,772,302       32,418,662             8,058            12,606           139,611            (8,966)         (261,157)          (150,020)    714,804     34,645,900    11,739,890    46,385,790


     Total comprehensive income for the year                  –                –                 –                 –                 –             1,570                 –            (76,423)    591,196       516,343        252,430      768,773
     Capital contribution from non-controlling
       shareholders                                           –                –                 –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –            –             –       884,000      884,000
     Share-based payments (note 41)                           –                –                 –                 –            26,150                 –                 –                  –            –       26,150              –       26,150
     Acquisition of non-controlling interests                 –            6,493                 –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –            –         6,493       (17,281)      (10,788)
     Safety production fund                                   –                –                 –            28,608                 –                 –                 –                  –      (39,650)      (11,042)       11,042             –


     Changes in equity for the year                           –            6,493                 –            28,608            26,150             1,570                 –            (76,423)    551,546       537,944      1,130,191     1,668,135


     At 31 December 2024                              1,772,302       32,425,155             8,058            41,214           165,761            (7,396)         (261,157)          (226,443)   1,266,350    35,183,844    12,870,081    48,053,925




98   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                                                        Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                         Safety      Contribution                                        Financial assets
                                            Share capital/          Capital           Merger        production              from          Exchange         Put option         at FVTOCI          Statutory                                      Non-
                                            Paid-in capital         reserve           reserve             fund        shareholder           reserve           Reserve            reserve           reserve     Retained                   controlling        Total
                                                 (Note 42)    (Note 44(b)(i)) (Note 44(b)(ii)) (Note 44(b)(iii)) (Note 44(b)(iv))    (Note 44(b)(v)) (note 44(b)(vi)) (Note 44(b)(vii)) (Note 44(b)(viii))      earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2025                                1,772,302       32,425,155             8,058            41,214          165,761             (7,396)         (261,157)          (226,443)                –     1,266,350    35,183,844    12,870,081    48,053,925


Total comprehensive income for the year                  –                –                 –                 –                 –            (4,698)                –             95,025                 –     1,475,632     1,565,959       619,591     2,185,550
Capital contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders                                           –                –                 –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –                 –             –             –     1,051,000     1,051,000
Acquisition of subsidiaries                              –                –                 –             3,339                 –                 –                 –                  –                 –             –         3,339     2,822,871     2,826,210
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                 –           (5,737)                –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –                 –             –        (5,737)     (654,339)     (660,076)
Appropriation of statutory reserve                       –                –                 –                 –                 –                 –                 –                  –           38,419        (38,419)            –             –             –
Safety production fund                                   –                –                 –            20,787                 –                 –                 –                  –                –        (29,247)       (8,460)        8,460             –


Changes in equity for the year                           –           (5,737)                –            24,126                 –            (4,698)                –             95,025           38,419      1,407,966     1,555,101     3,847,583     5,402,684


At 31 December 2025                              1,772,302       32,419,418             8,058            65,340          165,761            (12,094)         (261,157)          (131,418)          38,419      2,674,316    36,738,945    16,717,664    53,456,609




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025                       99
      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                2025          2024
                                                                                    Note    RMB’000       RMB’000


      CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                                                     2,270,351      790,199
      Adjustments for:
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 19      4,648,965    2,242,732
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           20        66,386        58,942
      Amortisation of intangible assets                                             22       194,459       171,850
      Equity-settled share-based payments                                           41              –       26,150
      Share of losses of associates                                                 24           819             85
      Allowance for inventories                                                     10       523,231       149,755
      (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on trade and
         bills receivables, net                                                     26         (3,951)      91,058
      (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on other receivables, net   27        (32,320)      40,987
      Net gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment                        10         (2,572)         (819)
      Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                10       (368,199)      (37,599)
      Fair value change in financial guarantees                                     10       109,004        34,563
      (Reversal of provision)/provision for litigation                              38         (8,155)       7,915
      Net foreign exchange gains                                                    10         (9,848)       (6,879)
      Interest income                                                                9       (148,797)    (154,822)
      Finance costs                                                                 12       854,596       415,116


      Operating profit before working capital changes                                       8,093,969    3,829,233
      (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                   (2,147,497)   1,712,578
      Increase in trade and bills receivables                                              (5,077,458)   (2,034,076)
      (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                     (536,924)   1,046,237
      Decrease in amount due from a subsidiary of shareholders                               201,399        31,169
      Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                                          1,330,549    (2,064,592)
      Decrease in amounts due to subsidiaries of shareholders                                  (1,492)    (398,450)
      Decrease in amounts due to a shareholder                                                   (100)            –
      Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                                       7,832,028     (220,367)
      Increase in accruals and other payables                                                411,307     1,282,502
      Increase in provisions                                                                 405,821       423,898
      Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                            143,494      (475,661)
      (Decrease)/increase in deferred income                                                 (410,276)     192,252
      Increase in restricted bank balances                                                       (228)          (13)


      Cash generated from operations                                                       10,244,592    3,324,710
      Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                                  (10,178)       (3,860)
      Income tax paid                                                                         (74,328)    (207,748)


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                         10,160,086    3,113,102


100   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                   Note      RMB’000              RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Interest and other income received                                             138,361             141,980
Payment of property, plant and equipment                                   (14,387,306)       (16,334,962)
Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment                            848             20,056
Payment of right-of-use assets                                                (662,288)                    –
Addition of intangible assets                                                 (286,568)           (271,620)
Purchase of other financial assets                                          (6,705,045)         (5,949,297)
Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets                             4,586,138           4,290,620
Purchase of shares of equity securities                                       (152,332)           (179,938)
Investment in limited partnership                                             (752,305)            (82,300)
Investment in an associate                                                     (56,000)                    –
Decrease in amount due from a shareholder                                              –                 17
Changes in pledged bank deposits                                              (456,202)             81,912
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                        45(a)      (371,343)                    –


Net cash used in investing activities                                      (19,104,042)       (18,283,532)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Net proceeds from bank borrowings                                            6,162,902         16,400,198
Proceeds received under supplier finance arrangements                        1,536,545             225,563
Principal elements of lease payments                                           (86,078)              (4,560)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                          1,051,000             884,000
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                      (660,076)            (10,788)
Changes in pledged bank deposits                                                12,812             (12,812)
Interest paid                                                               (1,395,340)         (1,087,959)
Issuance of bonds                                                            1,900,000                     –
Proceeds from finance lease arrangements                                     1,000,000                     –


Net cash generated from financing activities                                 9,521,765         16,393,642


NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                      577,809           1,223,212


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                               9,058,553           7,833,962


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                          1,337                1,379


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                     9,637,699           9,058,553


ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Bank and cash balances                                             30(c)     9,637,699           9,058,553


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.      General Information
              CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司) is a joint stock limited company registered in the People’s
              Republic of China (the “PRC”). The Company’s H-shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
              Limited since 6 October 2022. The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is No. 1
              Jiangdong Avenue, Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


              The Company has been engaging in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
              ESS products. Particulars and principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out below.


                                                Principal country of
                                                operation/Country
                                                or region of                                     Percentage of equity
                                                incorporation/         Registered     Paid-up        attributable
              Name                              Kind of legal entity      capital     amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                                   Direct     Indirect


              中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,500      RMB7,500       100%            N/A   Research and development
                CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.*         liability company        million     million                              production and sales
                (“Jiangsu Company”)                                                                                         of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                            products


              中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司                 PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB1,000      RMB1,000       100%            N/A   Research and development
                CALB Technology Co., Ltd.*        liability company        million     million                              of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                            products


              中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司                   PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB5,000       100%            N/A   Research and development
                CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.*          liability company        million     million                              production and sales
                (“Xiamen Company”)                                                                                          of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                            products


              中創新航技術研究中心                        PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB100       RMB100        100%            N/A   Research and development
                (深圳)有限公司 CALB Technology          liability company        million     million                              of EV battery and ESS
                (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*                                                                                       products


              中創新航科技(成都)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB4,908        51%            N/A   Research and development,
                CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.*         liability company        million     million                              production and sales
                (“Chengdu Company”)                                                                                         of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                            products


              中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司                    PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB7,000      RMB6,488      59.3%            N/A   Research and development,
                CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*           liability company        million     million                              production and sales
                (“Wuhan Company”)                                                                                           of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                            products




102   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   General Information (Continued)

                                            Principal country of
                                            operation/Country
                                            or region of                                     Percentage of equity
                                            incorporation/         Registered     Paid-up        attributable
     Name                                   Kind of legal entity      capital     amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                               Direct     Indirect


     中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,000      RMB4,619      29.4%            N/A   Research and development,
      CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.*                 liability company        million     million                              production and sales
      (“Hefei Company”)                                                                                                 of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(福建)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB3,900      RMB3,900        51%            N/A   Research and development,
      CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*                liability company        million     million                              production and sales
      (“Fujian Company”)                                                                                                of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(江門)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB5,400      RMB4,988      63.7%            N/A   Research and development,
      CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.*              liability company        million     million                              production and sales
      (“Jiangmen Company”)                                                                                              of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     中創新航科技(四川)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB2,953        51%            N/A   Research and development,
      CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*               liability company        million     million                              production and sales
      (“Sichuan Company”)                                                                                               of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products


     立鼎材料科技(四川)有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB600       RMB600        100%            N/A   Research and development,
      CALB Material (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*#     liability company        million     million                              production and sales of
                                                                                                                        EV battery materials


     中創新航智慧能源科技有限公司                         PRC/PRC/Limited          RMB100       RMB100        100%            N/A   Research and development,
      CALB Smart Energy Technology Co.,       liability company        million     million                              production and sales
      Ltd. *                                                                                                            of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                        products




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      1.      General Information (Continued)

                                                  Principal country of
                                                  operation/Country
                                                  or region of                                    Percentage of equity
                                                  incorporation/         Registered    Paid-up        attributable
              Name                                Kind of legal entity      capital    amount       to the Company         Principal activities
                                                                                                    Direct     Indirect


              中創新航科技(邯鄲)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB4,000      RMB350         60%            N/A   Research and development,
                CALB (Handan) Co., Ltd.*            liability company        million    million                              production and sales
                                                                                                                             of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                             products


              中創新航科技(山東)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB1,000      RMBNil         64%            N/A   Research and development,
                CALB (Shandong) Co., Ltd.*          liability company        million                                         production and sales
                                                                                                                             of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                             products


              中創新航科技(信陽)有限公司                      PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB2,800      RMBNil         65%            N/A   Research and development,
                CALB (Xinyang) Co., Ltd.*           liability company        million                                         production and sales
                                                                                                                             of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                             products


              中凌新能源科技(浙江)有限公司                     PRC/PRC/Limited        RMB1,000      RMB100         51%            N/A   Research and development,
                Zhongling New Energy Technology     liability company        million    million                              production and sales of
                (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.*                                                                                        EV battery


              CALB GmbH                           Germany/Germany/       EUR25,000 EUR25,000         100%            N/A   Research and development,
                                                    Limited liability                                                        production and sales
                                                    company                                                                  of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                             products


              CALB (HK) Co., Limited              PRC/Hong Kong/         USD50,000 USD50,000         100%            N/A   Investment holding and
                                                    Limited liability                                                        sales of EV battery and
                                                    company                                                                  ESS products




104   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   General Information (Continued)

                                                Principal country of
                                                operation/Country
                                                or region of                                        Percentage of equity
                                                incorporation/         Registered      Paid-up          attributable
         Name                                   Kind of legal entity      capital      amount         to the Company          Principal activities
                                                                                                       Direct      Indirect

         CALB (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.             Singapore/Singapore/ USD50,000 USD50,000                 N/A         100%     Investment holding and
                                                  Limited liability                                                               sales of EV battery and
                                                  company                                                                         ESS products


         CALB (EUROPE), S.A.                    Portugal/Portugal/       EUR48.2       EUR48.2           N/A         100%     Research and development,
                                                  Limited liability        million       million                                  production and sales
                                                  company                                                                         of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                                  products


         CALB (THAILAND) CO., LTD.              Thailand/Thailand/        THB100       THB29.5           N/A         100%     Research and development,
                                                  Limited liability        million       million                                  production and sales
                                                  company                                                                         of EV battery and ESS
                                                                                                                                  products


         江蘇奧力威傳感高科股份有限公司                        PRC/PRC/ Limited       RMB800.65 RMB800.65           10.94%            N/A    Research and development,
           Jiangsu Olive Sensors High-tech        liability company        million       million                                  manufacturing and sales
           Corporation Limited*                                                                                                   of automotive parts and
           (“Olive Sensors”)                                                                                                      accessories


     *          The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.

     #
                Formerly known as 中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司.




                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025        105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.      Basis of Preparation
              These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable IFRS Accounting
              Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). IFRS Accounting Standards
              comprise International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”); International Accounting Standards (“IAS”); and
              Interpretations. These consolidated financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the
              Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
              Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).


              The IASB has issued certain new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or available for early
              adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 3 provides information on any changes in accounting
              policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for
              the current and prior accounting periods reflected in these consolidated financial statements.


              As at 31 December 2025 the Group had net current liabilities of approximately RMB12,773 million. Bank and cash
              balances totalled approximately RMB9,638 million, while total outstanding bank borrowings and bond payables
              amounted to approximately RMB57,267 million, with approximately RMB25,120 million due within one year.


              Additionally, the Group has capital commitments of approximately RMB11,297 million at the end of reporting period
              which are mostly expected to be fulfilled within the next 18 months.


              Notwithstanding the above events and conditions, the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) had adopted
              the going concern basis in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements of the Group on the grounds
              including but not limited to the following:


              (a)     The Group’s financial budget and production planning project increasing production volume and revenue in
                      upcoming year, thereby anticipating improvements in operating cash inflow;


              (b)     The Group had sufficient committed banking facilities at the end of reporting period available to meet the
                      operating requirements and foreseeable future capital investment requirements;


              (c)     Management expects the Group will successfully arrange the rolling-over of existing banking facilities and
                      secure additional banking facilities, providing sufficient funding for the Group’s operating and capital
                      investment needs; and


              (d)     Taking the above into consideration, the Directors have reviewed a comprehensive cashflow forecast of the
                      Group for not less than twelve months from 31 December 2025 prepared by management for the purpose
                      of assessing the Group’s working capital and banking facilities requirements. Based on this assessment,
                      the Directors concluded that there are no material uncertainties related to events and conditions which,
                      individually or collectively, may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.


              Therefore, the Directors are of the view that it is appropriate to adopt the going concern basis when preparing these
              consolidated financial statements.




106   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   Adoption of New and Revised Ifrs Accounting Standards
     (a)   Application of new and revised IFRS Accounting Standards
           The Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB
           for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2025
           for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


           Amendments to IAS 21 and IFRS 1                        Lack of Exchangeability


           Amendments to IAS 21 “Lack of Exchangeability ”
           The amendments specify when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not and
           how an entity estimates the spot exchange rate when a currency is not exchangeable. In addition, the
           amendments require disclosure of information that enables users of its financial statements to evaluate
           how a currency’s lack of exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect, the entity’s financial performance,
           financial position and cash flows.


           The application of the amendments did not have any material impact on the financial position and
           performance of the Group.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      3.      Adoption of New and Revised Ifrs Accounting Standards (Continued)
              (b)     New and revised IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
                      Up to the date of issue of these consolidated financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of new
                      standards and amendments to standards, which are not effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and
                      which have not been adopted in these financial statements. The Group has not early applied the following
                      which may be relevant to the Group:


                                                                                                              Effective for
                                                                                                              accounting
                                                                                                              periods
                                                                                                              beginning
                                                                                                              on or after


                      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Classification and Measurement
                         of Financial Instruments                                                             1 January 2026


                      Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                            1 January 2026


                      IFRS 18 – Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements                           1 January 2027


                      IFRS 19 – Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures                       1 January 2027


                      Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 – Sale or Contribution of                              To be determined
                         Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                        by the IASB


                      The Directors are in the process of making an assessment of what the impacts of these new standards and
                      amendments to standards are expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that
                      the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.


      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information
              These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, unless mentioned
              otherwise in the accounting policies below (e.g. financial instruments that are measured at fair value).


              The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain
              critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
              the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
              assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 5.




108   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     The material accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements are set out
     below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


     (a)    Consolidation
            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
            made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an
            entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the
            ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power over an entity when
            the Group has existing rights that give it the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. activities that
            significantly affect the entity’s returns.


            When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights held
            by other parties. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise
            that right.


            Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are
            de-consolidated from the date the control ceases.


            The gain or loss on the disposal of subsidiaries that results in a loss of control represents the difference
            between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment retained in
            those subsidiaries and (ii) the Company’s share of the net assets of those subsidiaries plus any remaining
            goodwill and any accumulated exchange reserve relating to that subsidiary.


            Intragroup transactions, balances and unrealised profits are eliminated, Unrealised losses are also eliminated
            unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of
            subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the
            Group.


            Non-controlling interests represent the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to the
            Company. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and
            consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are presented in the
            consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
            income as an allocation of profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between the
            non-controlling shareholders and owners of the Company.


            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
            Company and to the non-controlling shareholders even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
            deficit balance.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025        109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (a)     Consolidation (Continued)
                      Changes in the Company’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are
                      accounted for as equity transactions (i.e. transactions with owners in their capacity as owners). The carrying
                      amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
                      interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amounts by which the non-controlling interests
                      are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and
                      attributed to the owners of the Company.


              (b)     Separate financial statements
                      In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
                      impairment loss, unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that
                      is classified as held for sale). The result of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
                      dividend received or receivable.


                      Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                      investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                      dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                      the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


              (c)     Merger accounting for business combination under common control
                      These consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
                      businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if the current group structure had always
                      been in existence.


                      The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the combining entities as if they
                      had been combined from the date when they first came under the control of the controlling party.


                      The consolidated statements of profit or loss and the other comprehensive income include the results of each
                      of the combining businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities
                      first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date of the common
                      control combination.


                      The consolidated statements of financial position have been prepared to present the assets and liabilities of
                      the combining entities as if the group structure had been in existence at the end of each reporting period.
                      The net assets of the combining entities are combined using the existing book values from the controlling
                      party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or gain on bargain purchase at the time
                      of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the controlling party’s interest.




110   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (d)   Business combination (other than under common control) and goodwill
           The acquisition method is used to account for the acquisition of a subsidiary in a business combination.
           The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at the acquisition-date fair value
           of the assets given, equity instruments issued, liabilities incurred and any contingent consideration.
           Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the
           services are received. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the subsidiary in the acquisition are measured at
           their acquisition-date fair values.


           The excess of the sum of the consideration transferred over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the
           subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Any excess of the Group’s share of
           the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the sum of the consideration transferred is
           recognised in consolidated profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase which is attributed to the Group.


           In a business combination achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest in the subsidiary is
           remeasured at its acquisition-date fair value and the resulting gain or loss is recognised in consolidated profit
           or loss. The fair value is added to the sum of the consideration transferred in a business combination to
           calculate the goodwill.


           The non-controlling interests in the subsidiary are initially measured at the non-controlling shareholders’
           proportionate share of the net fair value of the subsidiary’s identifiable assets and liabilities at the acquisition
           date.


           After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at Cost less accumulated impairment losses. For the purpose of
           Impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to each of the cash-generating
           units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
           Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within the Group
           at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill impairment reviews
           are undertaken annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential
           impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the goodwill is compared to its recoverable amount,
           which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised
           immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.


     (e)   Associates
           Associates are entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
           participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of an entity but is not control or joint control over
           those policies. The existence and effect of potential voting rights that are currently exercisable or convertible,
           including potential voting rights held by other entities, are considered when assessing whether the Group
           has significant influence. In assessing whether a potential voting right contributes to significant influence, the
           holder’s intention and financial ability to exercise or convert that right is not considered.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025      111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (e)     Associates (Continued)
                      Investments in associates are accounted for in the consolidated financial statements by the equity method
                      and are initially recognised at cost. Identifiable assets and liabilities of the associate in an acquisition are
                      measured at their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the cost of the investment over the
                      Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill
                      which is included in the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair
                      value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost of acquisition is recognised in consolidated profit
                      or loss.


                      The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired.
                      When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is
                      tested for impairment in accordance with IAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount
                      (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss
                      recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
                      investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that
                      the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.


                      The Group’s share of an associate’s post-acquisition profits or losses and other comprehensive income is
                      recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. When the Group’s
                      share of losses in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which includes any long-term
                      interests that, in substance, from part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group does not
                      recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate, If
                      the associate subsequently reports profits, the Group resumes recognising its share of those profits only after
                      its share of the profits equals the share of losses not recognised.


                      The gain or loss on the disposal of an associate that results in a loss of significant influence represents the
                      difference between (i) the fair value of the consideration of the sale plus the fair value of any investment
                      retained in that associate and (ii) the Group’s entire carrying amount of that associate (including goodwill)
                      and any related accumulated exchange reserve. If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a
                      joint venture, the Group continues to apply the equity method and does not remeasure the retained interest.


                      Unrealised profits on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of
                      the Groups interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                      evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed
                      where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.




112   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (f)   Foreign currency translation
           (i)     Functional and presentation currency
                   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                   currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                   currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the
                   Company’s functional and presentation currency.


           (ii)    Transactions and balances in each entity ’s financial statements
                   Transactions in foreign currency are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition
                   using the exchange rates prevailing on the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign
                   currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses
                   resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.


                   Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the
                   exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.


                   When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any
                   exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a gain
                   or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain
                   or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


           (iii)   Translation on consolidation
                   The results and financial position of all foreign operations (none of which has the currency of
                   hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the Company’s presentation
                   currency are translated into the Company’s presentation currency as follows:


                   –      Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                          closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;


                   –      Income and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the period (unless this
                          average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on
                          the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates
                          on the transaction dates); and


                   –      All resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                          accumulated in the exchange reserve.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (f)     Foreign currency translation (Continued)
                      (iii)   Translation on consolidation (Continued)
                              On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of monetary items that form
                              part of the net investment in foreign entities are recognised in other comprehensive income and
                              accumulated in the exchange reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences
                              are reclassified to consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.


                              Goodwill and fair value adjustment arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
                              and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


              (g)     Property, plant and equipment
                      Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated financial statements at cost, less subsequent
                      accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


                      Subsequent costs are included in the assets carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                      appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the
                      Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised
                      in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.


                      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less
                      their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates are as
                      follows:


                      Buildings                                         20-35 years
                      Machinery                                         10%
                      Computer equipment                                12% – 32%
                      Furniture and office equipment                    19% – 32%
                      Leasehold improvements                            Over the shorter of the term of the lease and estimated
                                                                           useful life of 5 years
                      Motor vehicles                                    10% – 24%


                      The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the
                      end of each reporting period.


                      The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales
                      proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.




114   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (h)   Leases
           At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,
           or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
           time in, exchange for consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the
           use of the identified asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.


           The Group as a lessee
           Where the contract contains lease components and non-lease components, the Group has elected not
           to separate non-lease components and accounts for each lease component and any associated non-lease
           components as a single lease component for all leases.


           At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability, except
           for short-term leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets which,
           for the Group are primarily laptops and office furniture. When the Group enters into a lease in respect of
           a low-value asset, the Group decides whether to capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. The lease
           payments associated with those leases which are not capitalised are recognised as an expense on a systematic
           basis over the lease term.


           Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the lease
           payments payable over the lease tern, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate
           cannot be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease
           liability is measured at amortised cost and interest expense is calculated using the effective interest method.
           Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or rate are not included in the measurement of the
           lease liability and hence are charged to profit or loss in the accounting period in which they are incurred.


           The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which comprises
           the initial amount of the lease liability plus any lease payments made at or before the commencement date,
           and any initial direct costs incurred. Where applicable, the cost of the right-of-use assets also includes an
           estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site
           on which it is located, discounted to their present value, less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use
           asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.


           Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
           assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
           Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful
           life and the lease term.


           Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments
           to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of
           right-of-use assets.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (h)     Leases (Continued)
                      The Group as a lessee (Continued)
                      The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in
                      an index or rate, or there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to be payable under
                      a residual value guarantee, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Group will
                      be reasonably certain to exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is
                      remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use
                      asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to
                      zero.


                      The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a change in the scope of a lease or the consideration for
                      a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease contract (‘lease modification”) that is not accounted
                      for as a separate lease. In this case the lease liability is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and
                      lease term using a revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.


              (i)     Other intangible assets
                     (a)      Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
                              Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred. An
                              internal generated intangible asset is recognised only if all of the following conditions are met:


                              –       The technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or
                                      sale;


                              –       Management intends to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


                              –       There is ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


                              –       It can be demonstrated how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic
                                      benefits;


                              –       Adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete development and to use or sell
                                      the intangible assets are available;


                              –       The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development can be reliably
                                      measured.


                              Development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses. The development costs are amortised
                              using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding 10
                              years after the products are put into commercial production.




116   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (i)   Other intangible assets (Continued)
           (b)    Intangible assets acquired separately
                  The following intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
                  losses. Amortisation is calculated on a straight-line method over their estimated useful lives as follows:


                  Computer software                          Not more than 10 years
                  Trademark                                  10 years
                  Patent                                     Not more than 20 years
                  Others                                     Not more than 10 years


                  The amortisation period and the amortisation method for intangible assets with finite useful life are
                  reviewed at least at each financial year end.


     (j)   Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted
           average basis. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour and
           an appropriate proportion of all production overhead expenditure, and where appropriate, subcontracting
           charges. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the
           estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


     (k)   Other contract costs
           Other contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs
           to fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or
           intangible assets.


           Incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those costs that the Group incurs to obtain a contract with
           a customer that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Incremental costs of
           obtaining a contract are capitalised when incurred if the costs are expected to be recovered, unless the
           expected amortisation period is one year or less from the date of initial recognition of the asset, in which
           case the costs are expensed when incurred. Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.


           Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
           identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or services
           in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Costs that relate directly to an existing contract or to a
           specifically identifiable anticipated contract may include direct labour, direct materials, allocations of costs,
           costs that are explicitly chargeable to the customer and other costs that are incurred only because the Group
           entered into the contract. Other costs of fulfilling a contract, which are not capitalised as inventory, property,
           plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (k)     Other contract costs (Continued)
                      Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Impairment
                      losses are recognised to the extent that the carrying amount of the contract cost asset exceeds the net of (i)
                      remaining amount of consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for the goods or services
                      to which the asset relates, less (ii) any costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have
                      not yet been recognised as expenses.


                      Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is charged to profit or loss when the revenue to which the asset
                      relates is recognised.


              (l)     Contract assets and contract liabilities
                      Contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue before being unconditionally entitled to the
                      consideration under the payment terms set out in the contract. Contract assets are assessed for expected
                      credit losses (‘ECL”) in accordance with the policy set out in note 4(cc) and are reclassified to receivables
                      when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.


                      A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
                      related revenue. A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to
                      receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding
                      receivable would also be recognised.


                      For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For
                      multiple contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net
                      basis.


                      When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued
                      under the effective interest method replaced.


              (m)     Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments
                      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
                      when the Group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.


                      Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value, transaction costs that are directly
                      attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
                      and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair
                      value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs
                      directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                      loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.




118   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (m)   Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments (Continued)
           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
           expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
           asset to another entity. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of
           ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the
           asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks
           and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial
           asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.


           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
           cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised
           and the consideration paid and payable, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is
           recognised in profit or loss.


     (n)   Financial assets
           All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
           Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
           the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace. All recognised financial assets are
           measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortised cost or fair value, depending on the classification
           of the financial assets.


           Debt investments
           Debt investments held by the Group are classified into one of the following measurement categories:


           –      Amortised cost, if the investment is held for the collection of contractual cash flows which represent
                  solely payments of principal and interest. Interest income from the investment is calculated using the
                  effective interest method.


           –      FVTOCI – recycling, if the contractual cash flows of the investment comprise solely payments of
                  principal and interest and the investment is held within a business model whose objective is achieved
                  by both the collection of contractual cash flows and sale. Changes in fair value are recognised in
                  other comprehensive income, except for the recognition in profit or loss of expected credit losses,
                  interest income (calculated using the effective interest method) and foreign exchange gains and
                  losses. When the investment is derecognised, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive
                  income is recycled from equity to profit or loss.


           –      FVTPL if the investment does not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI
                  (recycling). Changes in the fair value of the investment (including interest) are recognised in profit or
                  loss.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (n)     Financial assets (Continued)
                     Equity investments
                      An investment in equity securities is classified as FVTPL unless the equity investment is not held for trading
                      purposes and on initial recognition of the investment the Group makes an election to designate the
                      investment at FVTOCI (non-recycling) such that subsequent changes in fair value are recognised in other
                      comprehensive income. Such elections are made on an instrument-by-instrument basis, but may only be
                      made if the investment meets the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective. Where such an election
                      is made, the amount accumulated in other comprehensive income remains in the financial assets at FVTOCI
                      reserve (non-recycling) until the investment is disposed of. At the time of disposal, the amount accumulated
                      in the financial assets at FVTOCI reserve (non-recycling) is transferred to retained earnings. It is not recycled
                      through profit or loss. Dividends from an investment in equity securities, irrespective of whether classified as
                      at FVTPL or FVTOCI, are recognised in profit or loss as other income.


              (o)     Trade and other receivables
                      A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration. A right
                      to receive consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before payment of that
                      consideration is due. If revenue has been recognised before the Group has an unconditional right to receive
                      consideration, the amount is presented as a contract asset.


                      Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
                      contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the
                      trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
                      subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method less allowance for credit losses.


              (p)     Cash and cash equivalents
                      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
                      financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
                      amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within six
                      months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL.


              (q)     Financial liabilities and equity instruments
                      Financial liabilities and equity instruments are classified according to the substance of the contractual
                      arrangements entered into and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument under IFRS
                      Accounting Standards. An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of
                      the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities
                      and equity instruments are set out in notes (r) to (u) below.




120   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (r)   Borrowings
           Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred, and subsequently
           measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Any difference between the proceeds
           (net of transaction costs) and the redemption amount is recognised in profit or loss over the period of
           the borrowings using the effective interest method. Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are
           recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility
           will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no
           evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a
           prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.


           Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
           of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.


     (s)   Financial guarantee contracts
           Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
           liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:


           –       the amount determined in accordance with the ECL model under IFRS 9; and


           –       the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised
                   in accordance with the principles of IFRS 15.


           The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
           flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would
           be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for
           assuming the obligations.


           Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the
           fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


           Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of investees, under debt instruments measured at
           FVTOCI, are provided for no compensation, the fair values are accounted for as expenses and recognised in
           profit or loss.


     (t)   Trade and other payables
           Trade and other payables are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
           cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
           they are stated at cost.




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (u)     Equity instruments
                      Any equity instrument is any contract that evidence a residual interest in the assets of an equity after
                      deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recorded at the proceeds
                      received, net of direct issue cost.


              (v)     Revenue and other income
                      Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer, at the amount
                      of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected
                      on behalf of third parties. Revenue excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of
                      any trade discounts.


                      Revenue from the sale of goods is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when the
                      goods have shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). A receivable is recognised by the Group
                      when the goods are delivered to the customer as this represents the point in time at which the right to
                      consideration becomes unconditional, as only the passage of time is required before payment is due.


                      Revenue from the provision of services is recognised over the scheduled period on an input method because
                      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.


                     Revenue from other sources
                      Rental income receivable under operating leases is recognised in profit or loss in equal instalments over the
                      periods covered by the lease term, except where an alternative basis is more representative of the pattern of
                      benefits to be derived from the use of the leased asset, lease incentives granted are recognised in profit or
                      loss as an integral part of the aggregate net lease payments receivable. Variable lease payments that do not
                      depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.


                      Interest income is recognised as it accrues using the effective interest method. For financial assets measured
                      at amortised cost or FVTOCI (recycling) that are not credit-impaired, the effective interest rate is applied
                      to the gross carrying amount of the asset. For credit-impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
                      applied to the amortised cost (i.e. gross candying amount net of loss allowance) of the asset.


                      Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ rights to receive payment are established.




122   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (w)   Employee benefits
           (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                   Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                   employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                   result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.


                   Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


           (ii)    Medical benefits
                   The Group’s contributions to various defined contribution medical benefit plans organised by the
                   relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC are expensed as incurred.


           (iii)   Pension scheme – Mainland China
                   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries, which operate in Mainland China, are required to
                   participate in a central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
                   subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the central
                   pension scheme. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
                   payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.


           (iv)    Housing fund – Mainland China
                   The Group contributes on a monthly basis to a defined contribution housing fund plan operated by
                   the local municipal government. Contributions to this plan by the Group are expensed as incurred.


           (v)     Termination benefits
                   Termination benefits are recognised at the earlier of the dates when the Group can no longer
                   withdraw the offer of those benefits and when the Group recognises restructuring costs and involves
                   the payment of termination benefits.


     (x)   Share-based payments
           The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors and employees. Equity-settled
           share-based payments are measured at the fair value (excluding the effect of non-market based vesting
           conditions) of the equity instruments at the date of grant. The fair value determined at the grant date of
           the equity-settled share-based payments is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
           on the Group’s estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non-market based
           vesting conditions.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025        123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (y)     Borrowing costs
                      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which
                      are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
                      capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their
                      intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending
                      their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


                      To the extent that funds are borrowed generally and used for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset,
                      the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is determined by applying a capitalisation rate
                      to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs
                      applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings
                      made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset. Any specific borrowing that remain
                      outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intend use or sales included in the general borrowing pool
                      for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowing.


                      All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


              (z)     Government grants
                      A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
                      conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.


                      Government grants relating to the acquisition or construction of long-term assets are asset-related
                     government grants . Such government grants are firstly recognised in deferred income until the corresponding
                      long-term assets are completed and put to use. The government grants shall offset the carrying value of
                      related assets and are recognised in profit or loss over the life of the related depreciable assets by way of
                      reduced depreciation expenses.


                     Income-related government grants are government grants other than asset-related government grants.
                      Such government grants are deducted from the related operating costs and expenses and recognise in the
                      same period as the expenses specifically relevant to the grants. Income-related government grants shall be
                      recognised as deferred income and recognised as described above when the relevant costs or losses are
                      recognised subsequently.


                      For government grants that include both asset-related portion and income-related portion, different portions
                      shall be accounted for separately.


                      Government grants that become receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
                      the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised
                      in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable.




124   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (z)   Government grants (Continued)
           Repayment of income-related government grant is applied first against any unamortised deferred income set
           up in respect of the grant. To the extent that the repayment exceeds any such deferred income, or where no
           deferred income exists, the repayment is recognised immediately in profit or loss. Repayment of asset-related
           government grant is recognised by increasing the carrying amount of the asset by the amount repayable. The
           cumulative additional depreciation that would have been recognised in profit or loss to date in the absence
           of the grant is recognised immediately in profit or loss.


     (aa) Taxation
           Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.


           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit recognised
           in profit or loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and
           items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates
           that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
           the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
           profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
           assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that
           taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses or unused
           tax credits can be utilised. Such assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises
           from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and
           liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of
           transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.


           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries
           and associates except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is
           probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
           the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
           the asset to be recovered.


           Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled
           or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
           reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in
           other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other
           comprehensive income or directly in equity.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (aa) Taxation (Continued)
                      The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
                      the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
                      amount of its assets and liabilities.


                      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the
                      right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
                      attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


                      For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
                      IAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group recognises a deferred
                      tax asset related to lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available
                      against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable
                      temporary differences.


                      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
                      tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                      authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis, or to realise the
                      asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


              (bb) Impairment of non-financial assets
                      The carrying amounts of other non-financial assets are reviewed at each reporting date for indications of
                      impairment and where an asset is impaired, it is written down as an expense through the consolidated
                      statement of profit or loss to its estimated recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is determined for an
                      individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from
                      other assets or groups of assets. If this is the case, recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which
                      the asset belongs. Recoverable amount is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal
                      of the individual asset or the CGU.


                      Value in use is the present value of the estimated future cash flows of the asset/CGU. Present values are
                      computed using pre-tax discount rates that reflect the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset/
                      CGU whose impairment is being measured.


                      Impairment losses on CGUs are allocated first against the goodwill of the unit and then pro rata amongst the
                      other assets of the CGU. Subsequent increases in the recoverable amount caused by changes in estimates are
                      credited to profit or loss to the extent that they reverse the impairment.




126   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (cc)   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets
            The Group recognises a loss allowance for expected credit losses on investments in debt instruments that
            are measured at amortised cost, trade receivables and contract assets. The amount of expected credit losses
            is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition of the respective
            financial instrument.


            The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and contract assets. The expected credit
            losses on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit
            loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
            assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including
            time value of money where appropriate.


            For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises lifetime ECL when there has been a significant
            increase in credit risk since initial recognition. However, if the credit risk on the financial instrument has
            not increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group measures the loss allowance for that financial
            instrument at an amount equal to 12-month ECL.


            Lifetime ECL represents the expected credit losses that will result from all possible default events over the
            expected life of a financial instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL represents the portion of lifetime ECL that
            is expected to result from default events on a financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after
            the reporting date.


            Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
            recognition, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the reporting
            date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument at the date of initial recognition.
            In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is
            reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
            without undue cost or effort. Forward-looking information considered includes the future prospects of the
            industries in which the Group’s debtors operate, obtained from economic expert reports, financial analysts,
            governmental bodies, relevant think-tanks and other similar organisations, as well as consideration of various
            external sources of actual and forecast economic information that relate to the Group’s core operations.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (cc)    Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
                      Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                      increased significantly since initial recognition:


                      –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                              internal credit rating;


                      –       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk for a particular financial
                              instrument;


                      –       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                              cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                      –       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                      –       significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same debtor;


                      –       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                              environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                              obligations.


                      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk on a financial
                      asset has increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days
                      past due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                      Despite the foregoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial instrument has not increased
                      significantly since initial recognition if the financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                      reporting date. A financial instrument is determined to have low credit risk if:


                      (i)     the financial instrument has a low risk of default,


                      (ii)    the debtor has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term, and


                      (iii)   adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                              reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.




128   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (cc)   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
            The Group considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when the asset has external credit rating of
            “investment grade” in accordance with the globally understood definition or if an external rating is not
            available, the asset has an internal rating of “performing”. Performing means that the counterparty has a
            strong financial position and there is no past due amounts.


            For financial guarantee contracts, the date that the Group becomes a party to the irrevocable commitment
            is considered to be the date of initial recognition for the purposes of assessing the financial instrument
            for impairment. In assessing whether there has been a significant increase in the credit risk since initial
            recognition of a financial guarantee contract, the Group considers the changes in the risk that the specified
            debtor will default on the contract.


            The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
            significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
            identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


            Definition of default
            The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
            purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
            generally not recoverable.


            –      when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


            –      information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                   unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                   held by the Group).


            Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is
            more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate
            that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.      Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
              (cc)    Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
                     Credit-impaired financial assets
                      A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                      future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired
                      includes observable data about the following events:


                      –       significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the counterparty;


                      –       a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


                      –       the lender(s) of the counterparty, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the counterparty’s
                              financial difficulty, having granted to the counterparty a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                              otherwise consider;


                      –       it is becoming probable that the counterparty will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;
                              or


                      –       the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.


                     Write-off policy
                      The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the debtor is in severe
                      financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, including when the debtor has been placed
                      under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the
                      amounts are over one year past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject
                      to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where
                      appropriate. Any recoveries made are recognised in profit or loss.




130   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   Material Accounting Policy Information (Continued)
     (cc)   Impairment of financial assets and contract assets (Continued)
            Measurement and recognition of ECL
            The measurement of expected credit losses is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e.
            the magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability
            of default and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information as
            described above. As for the exposure at default, for financial assets, this is represented by the assets’ gross
            carrying amount at the reporting date; for financial guarantee contracts, the exposure includes the amount
            drawn down as at the reporting date, together with any additional amounts expected to be drawn down in
            the future by default date determined based on historical trend, the Group’s understanding of the specific
            future financing needs of the debtors, and other relevant forward-looking information.


            For financial assets, the expected credit loss is estimated as the difference between all contractual cash flows
            that are due to the Group in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to
            receive, discounted at the original effective interest rate.


            If the Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to lifetime ECL
            in the previous reporting period, but determines at the current reporting date that the conditions for lifetime
            ECL are no longer met, the Group measures the loss allowance at an amount equal to 12-month ECL at the
            current reporting date, except for assets for which simplified approach was used.


            The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
            corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.


     (dd) Provisions and contingent liabilities
            Provisions are recognised for liabilities of uncertain timing or amount when the Group has a present legal or
            constructive obligation arising as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits
            will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the time value of money
            is material, provisions are stated at the present value of the expenditures expected to settle the obligation.


            Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
            estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow is
            remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence
            of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow is
            remote.


     (ee) Events after the reporting period
            Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group’s position at the end
            of the reporting period or those that indicate the going concern assumption is not appropriate are adjusting
            events and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Events after the reporting period that are
            not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.



                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates
              In applying the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 4, the directors are required to make
              judgements (other than those involving estimations) that have a significant impact on the amounts recognised and
              to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
              from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors
              that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
              recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of
              the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


              Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
              In the process of applying the accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that have
              the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements (apart from those
              involving estimations, which are dealt with below).


             (a)     Going concern basis
                      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity of which
                      depends on the banking facilities available to the group at a level sufficient to finance its working capital
                      requirements and capital investment requirements. Details are explained in note 2 to the consolidated
                      financial statements.


             (b)     Consolidation of entities with less than 50% equity interest holding
                      Although the Company owns less than 50% of the equity interest in Hefei Company, Hefei Company is
                      treated as a subsidiary because the Group is able to control the relevant activities of Hefei Company as a
                      result of the voting rights entrustment agreement and concerted action agreement entered into between the
                      Company and the other major shareholder of Hefei Company. The other major shareholder agrees to entrust
                      31% voting rights to the Company and to act in concert for all voting decisions made by the Company in
                      Hefei Company’s board of directors meeting and shareholders meeting. In addition, according to the articles
                      of association of Hefei Company, the board of directors of Hefei Company shall comprise 3 directors, of
                      which the Company has the right to nominate 2 directors.


                      Since 21 November 2025, Olive Sensors, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, has been a
                      subsidiary of the Company although the Company has only 10.94% ownership interest and voting rights in
                      Olive Sensors.


                      The Directors assessed whether the Company has control over Olive Sensors based on whether the Company
                      has practical rights to variable returns from the involvement with Olive Sensors and has the ability to affect
                      those returns through the power over Olive Sensors. In the board of directors of Olive Sensors, four out
                      of five directors are nominated by the Company and successfully elected in the general meeting of Olive
                      Sensors. Based on the composition of the board of directors of Olive Sensors, the Directors concluded
                      that the Company has taken control of the board of directors of Olive Sensors. Thereby the Company has
                      rights to variable returns from the involvement with Olive Sensors and has the ability to affect those returns
                      through the power over Olive Sensors and therefore the Company has control over Olive Sensors.

132   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
     Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)
     (c)   Business model assessment
           Classification and measurement of financial assets depends on the results of the SPPI (i.e. Solely Payments of
           Principal and Interest) test and the business model test. The Group determines the business model at a level
           that reflects how groups of financial assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective.
           This assessment includes judgement reflecting all relevant evidence including how the performance of the
           assets is evaluated and their performance measured, the risks that affect the performance of the assets and
           how these are managed and how the managers of the assets are compensated. The Group monitors financial
           assets measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI that are derecognised prior to their maturity to understand the
           reason for their disposal and whether the reasons are consistent with the objective of the business for which
           the asset was held. Monitoring is part of the Group’s continuous assessment of whether the business model
           for which the remaining financial assets are held continues to be appropriate and if it is not appropriate
           whether there has been a change in business model and so a prospective change to the classification of
           those assets. No such changes were required during the periods presented.


     (d)   Significant increase in credit risk
           As explained in note 4(cc), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets,
           or lifetime ECL for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition. IFRS 9 does not define what constitutes a significant increase in credit
           risk. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased the Group takes into account
           qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward-looking information.


     (e)   Determining the lease term
           In determining the lease term at the commencement date for leases that include renewal options exercisable
           by the Group, the Group evaluates the likelihood of exercising the renewal options taking into account all
           relevant facts and circumstances that create an economic incentive for the Group to exercise the option,
           including favourable terms, leasehold improvements undertaken and the importance of that underlying asset
           to the Group’s operation.


           Generally, periods covered by an extension option in other properties leases have not been included in the
           lease liability because the Group could replace the assets without significant cost or business disruption. See
           note 20 for further information.


           The lease term is reassessed when there is a significant event or significant change in circumstance that is
           within the Group’s control. During the current financial year, no lease term has been reassessed.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
              Critical judgements in applying accounting policies (Continued)
             (f)      Derecognition of bank acceptance bills
                      As described in note 26 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group endorsed certain bank
                      acceptance bills to suppliers for settling trade payables and discounted certain bank acceptance bills to the
                      banks for obtaining working capital. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred substantially
                      all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and the Group has minimum exposure in respect of the
                      settlement obligation of these bills under the commercial practice in the PRC, should the accepting banks fail
                      to settle the bills on maturity date. Therefore, these bills have been derecognised since the Group considered
                      the accepting banks are of good credit quality and chance of non-settlement of these bills by the accepting
                      banks on maturity date is remote.




134   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.


     (a)    Deferred tax asset
            As at 31 December 2025, a deferred tax asset of approximately RMB627,053,000 (2024: RMB571,661,000)
            in relation to unused tax losses for certain operating subsidiaries has been recognised in the consolidated
            statement of financial position. No deferred tax asset has been recognised on the tax losses of
            RMB1,213,293,000 (2024: RMB1,158,514,000) for certain subsidiaries due to the unpredictability of future
            profit streams. The realisability of the deferred tax asset mainly depends on whether sufficient future
            profits or taxable temporary differences will be available in the future, which is a key source of estimation
            uncertainty. In cases where the actual future taxable profits generated are less or more than expected, or
            change in facts and circumstances which result in revision of future taxable profits estimation, a material
            reversal or further recognition of deferred tax assets may arise, which would be recognised in profit or loss
            for the period in which such a reversal or further recognition takes place.


     (b)    Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
            assets
            Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are stated at costs less accumulated
            depreciation and impairment, if any. Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs)
            must be tested for impairment annually. In determining whether an asset is impaired, the Group has to
            exercise judgement and make estimation, particularly in assessing: (1) whether an event has occurred or
            any indicators that may affect the asset value; (2) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported
            by the recoverable amount, in the case of value in use, the net present value of future cash flows which
            are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset; and (3) the appropriate key assumptions to be
            applied in estimating the recoverable amounts including cash flow projections and an appropriate discount
            rate. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset (including right-of-use
            assets), the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the assets belong.
            Changing the assumptions and estimates, including the discount rates or the growth rate in the cash flow
            projections, could materially affect the net present value used in the impairment test.


            Further, the cash flows projections, growth rate and discount rate are subject to greater uncertainties in
            current year due to uncertainty on volatility in material cost.


            The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment was approximately RMB91,803,586,000 (2024:
            RMB81,005,464,000) as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             (b)     Impairment of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible
                     assets (Continued)
                      The carrying amount of right-of-use assets was approximately RMB2,469,276,000 (2024: RMB1,749,505,000)
                      as at 31 December 2025.


                      The carrying amount of intangible assets was approximately RMB2,118,814,000 (2024: RMB1,480,521,000)
                      as at 31 December 2025.


             (c)     Impairment of goodwill
                      Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable amount of the
                      cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated, which is the higher of the value in use or fair
                      value less costs of disposal. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows
                      expected to arise from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present
                      value. Where the actual future cash flows are less than the expected, or change in facts and circumstances
                      which results in downward revision of future cash flows or upward revision of discount rate, an impairment
                      loss may arise.


                      The carrying amount of goodwill was approximately RMB137,956,000 as at 31 December 2025.


             (d)     Impairment of trade receivables
                      The management of the Group estimates the amount of impairment loss for ECL on trade receivables based
                      on the credit risk of trade receivables. The amount of the impairment loss based on ECL model is measured
                      as the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
                      contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate
                      determined at initial recognition. Where the future cash flows are less than expected, or being revised
                      downward due to changes in facts and circumstances, a material impairment loss may arise.


                      The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. Due to greater financial uncertainty triggered by
                      the changing economic landscape of the PRC, the Group has increased the expected loss rates in the current
                      year as there is higher risk that a disruptions in general market could led to increased credit default rates.
                      The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade receivables disclosed in note 6(b).


                      At 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of trade receivables was RMB12,993,639,000 (2024:
                      RMB7,009,413,000) (net of allowance of doubtful debts of RMB273,413,000 (2024: RMB179,697,000).




136   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
     Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     (e)   Net realisable value of inventories
           Net realisable value of inventories is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less
           estimated costs of completion and selling expense. These estimates are based on current market conditions
           and the historical experience of manufacturing and selling products of similar nature. It could change
           significantly as a result of changes in customer’s demand in response to EV battery and ESS products industry
           cycles and volatility. The Group will reassess the estimates by the end of each reporting period.


           During the year, RMB523,231,000 (2024: RMB149,755,000) allowance for inventories was recognised.


     (f)   Warranty provisions
           As explained in note 38(a), the Group makes product warranty provision based on its best estimate of
           the expected settlement under the sales agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
           warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical
           warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities. As the Group
           is continually upgrading its product designs and launching new models, it is possible that the recent claim
           experience is not indicative of future claims that it will receive in respect of past sales. Any increase or
           decrease in the provision would affect profit or loss in current and future years.


     (g)   Estimated provisions for litigation claims
           The Group evaluates whether a present obligation exists under litigation claim after taking into account
           all available evidence, including the opinion of experts. A provision is recognised for litigation claim if the
           Directors consider it is more likely than not that present obligation exists and a reliable estimate can be
           made on the settlement amount of the claim. If it is more likely than not that no present obligation exists,
           the Group should disclose a contingent liability, unless the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in
           settlement is remote. Details of the Group’s provisions and contingent liabilities related to litigation claims
           are disclosed in note 38(b) and note 46, respectively.


     (h)   Income taxes
           Significant estimates are required in determining the provision for income taxes. There are many transactions
           and calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is not completely certain during the ordinary course
           of business. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially
           estimated based on the then circumstances, such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax
           provisions in the period in which such outcome is finalized and agreed by relevant tax authorities. During the
           year, income tax expense of RMB175,128,000 (2024: RMB53,427,000 income tax credit) was recognised in
           profit or loss based on the latest assessment.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.      Critical Judgements and Key Estimates (Continued)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
             (i)     Fair value measurement of financial investments
                      In the absence of quoted market prices in an active market, the Directors estimate the fair value of the
                      Group’s unlisted investments, details of which are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements,
                      by considering information from a variety of sources, including the latest financial information, the
                      historical data on market volatility as well as the price and industry and sector performance of the unlisted
                      investments. Changes in assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair
                      value of these unlisted investments.


                      As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the unlisted investments was RMB1,848,533,000 (2024:
                      RMB730,988,000).


      6.      Financial Risk Management
              The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: foreign currency risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and
              interest rate risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial
              markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.


              (a)     Foreign currency risk
                      The Group has minimal exposure to foreign currency risk as most of its business transactions, assets and
                      liabilities are principally denominated in RMB. The Group currently does not have a foreign currency hedging
                      policy in respect of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group monitors its foreign
                      currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need
                      arise.


                      At 31 December 2025, if the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against United States Dollar with
                      all other variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB42,247,000
                      (2024: RMB26,212,000) higher/lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain/loss on bank
                      balances and trade receivables denominated in United States Dollar.


                      At 31 December 2025, if the RMB had weakened/strengthened five per cent against Euro with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB14,251,000 (2024:
                      RMB11,437,000) higher/lower, arising mainly as a result of the foreign exchange gain/loss on bank balances
                      and trade receivables denominated in Euro.


                      No sensitivity analyses on the change of RMB against other currencies are prepared as the impact to the
                      financial statements is insignificant.




138   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (b)   Credit risk
           Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or
           customer contract, leading to a financial loss. The Group is exposed to credit risk from its operating activities
           (primarily trade receivables) and from its financing activities, including deposits with banks and financial
           institutions, and other financial instruments. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from bank and cash
           balances, restricted bank balances and pledged bank deposits is limited because the counterparties are banks
           and financial institutions with high credit-rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies, for which
           the Group considers to have low credit risk.


           Except for the financial guarantee given by the Group as set out in note 40, the Group does not provide
           any other guarantees which would expose the Group to credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk in
           respect of these financial guarantees at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in note 40.


           Trade and bills receivables
           Customer credit risk is managed by each business unit subject to the Groups’ established policy, procedures
           and control relating to customer credit risk management. Individual credit evaluations are performed on all
           customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These evaluations focus on the customer’s past history
           of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and take into account information specific to
           the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in which the customer operates. Trade
           receivables are normally due within 90 days from the date of billing. Debtors with balances that are more
           than 6 months past due are requested to settle all outstanding balances before any further credit is granted,
           Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.


           Of the total trade receivables as at 31 December 2025, the Group does not have significant credit risk
           exposure to any single counterparty or any group of counterparties having similar characteristics. The Group
           defines counterparties as having similar characteristics if they are related entities. At the end of the reporting
           period, concentration of credit risk related to the largest customer did not exceed 20% of the total trade
           receivables (2024: did not exceed 25%). In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group
           has delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025        139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (b)     Credit risk (Continued)
                      Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
                      The Group measures loss allowances for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, which
                      is calculated using a provision matrix. As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate
                      significantly different loss patterns for different customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due
                      status is not further distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.


                      The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
                      receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:


                      As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                         Past due                   Individually
                                                        Current        0-180 days    181-365 days    Over 1 year       assessed          Total
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)            –            2.9%           16.0%          25.8%         100.0%               –
                      Gross carrying amount           11,691,153         950,797         240,305        238,485         146,312     13,267,052
                      Expected credit losses                   –          27,141          38,505         61,455         146,312       273,413


                      As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                          Past due                   Individually
                                                          Current       0-180 days    181-365 days    Over 1 year        assessed         Total
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                      Expected credit loss rate (%)                –         5.7%           18.6%          37.0%           71.0%                 –
                      Gross carrying amount             6,262,373          497,046         227,944        101,013        100,734      7,189,110
                      Expected credit losses                       –        28,356          42,370         37,419          71,552       179,697


                      Expected credit loss rates are based on actual loss experience over the past 1 year and are adjusted to reflect
                      differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historical data has been collected,
                      current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.




140   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
           Trade and bills receivables (Continued)
           Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade and bills receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                RMB’000


           At 1 January 2024                                                                                      88,639
           Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                            91,058


           At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                                179,697
           Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                            98,176
           Loss allowance reversed for the year, net                                                               (3,951)


           At 31 December 2025                                                                                   273,922


           Financial assets other than trade and bills receivables
           All of the Group’s financial assets, other than trade and bills receivables, are considered to have low credit
           risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the year was therefore limited to 12-month expected losses.


           Financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables and amounts due from related
           parties.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (b)     Credit risk (Continued)
                      Financial assets other than trade and bills receivables (Continued)
                      Movement in the loss allowance for financial assets at amortised cost is as follows:


                                                                                                               Deposit and other
                                                                                                                     receivables
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


                      As at 1 January 2024                                                                                 6,956
                      Loss allowance recognised for the year, net                                                         40,987


                      At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                              47,943
                      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                          1,978
                      Loss allowance reversed for the year, net                                                          (32,320)


                      At 31 December 2025                                                                                 17,601


                      Financial assets at FVTOCI includes certificate of deposit and listed and unlisted equity securities. The
                      loss allowance for financial assets at FVTOCI is recognised in profit or loss and reduces the fair value loss
                      otherwise recognised in other comprehensive income.


                      During the year, no loss allowance for financial assets at FVTOCI was provided (2024: Nil).


                      The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to the investments that are measured at FVTPL.
                      The maximum exposure as at 31 December 2025 is the carrying amount of these investments of
                      RMB1,933,817,000 (2024: RMB479,118,000).




142   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (c)   Liquidity risk
           Each entity within the Group is responsible for its own cash management, including the participation in
           supplier finance arrangements with banks and the raising of borrowings to cover expected cash demands,
           subject to approval by the Directors when the borrowings exceed certain predetermined level of authority.


           As disclosed in note 37(f), the Group has entered into certain reverse factoring arrangements with banks,
           under which the Group obtained extended credit in respect of the invoice amounts owed to certain suppliers.


           The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
           maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


           As disclosed in note 37(e), certain Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilments of covenants. Some
           of those covenants relate to the Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly
           found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach these covenants,
           the related loans would become payable on demand. The Group holds various bank loans amounted to
           RMB26,540 million (2024: RMB23,766 million) as at 31 December 2025, which are subject to covenants.
           These covenants primarily require the borrowing entities to maintain liabilities-to-assets ratios below a
           specified level, ranging from 65% to 75%. Additionally, certain bank loans stipulate that the shareholders
           of the borrowing entities must remain unchanged, that no financial guarantees may be extended to external
           parties, and that there are specified limits on contingent liabilities for the borrowing entities and the Group,
           as applicable. These covenants are enforceable throughout the duration of the loan term.


           Up to the date of these consolidated financial statements, there are no indications that the Group would
           have difficulties complying with the above covenants when they will be next tested.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (c)     Liquidity risk (Continued)
                      The maturity analysis based on contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s financial liabilities is as
                      follows:


                                                                 Less than          Between          More than
                                                                     1 year      1 to 5 years            5 years               Total
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                      At 31 December 2025
                      Trade and bills payables                  27,036,648                   –                 –       27,036,648
                      Accruals and other payables                6,866,909                   –                 –        6,866,909
                      Amounts due to related parties                25,658                   –                 –              25,658
                      Lease liabilities                            410,379            667,013                  –        1,077,392
                      Bank borrowings                           25,901,379        27,942,276          4,569,792        58,413,447
                      Bond payables                                 42,150          1,984,300                  –        2,026,450


                      At 31 December 2024
                      Trade and bills payables                  19,486,536                   –                 –       19,486,536
                      Accruals and other payables                6,779,961                   –                 –        6,779,961
                      Amounts due to related parties                27,250                   –                 –              27,250
                      Lease liabilities                             34,872             74,857                  –             109,729
                      Bank borrowings                           19,892,393        25,264,283          4,227,894        49,384,570


              (d)     Interest rate risk
                      The Group’s exposure to interest-rate risk mainly arises from its bank deposits and bank borrowings. These
                      deposits and borrowings bear interests at variable rate varied with the prevailing market condition.


                      At 31 December 2025, if interest rates at that date had been 100 basis points higher with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB132,776,000 (2024:
                      RMB133,264,000) lower, arising mainly as a result of higher interest income on bank deposits net of higher
                      interest expenses on bank borrowings. If interest rates had been 100 basis points lower, with all other
                      variables held constant, consolidated profit after tax for the year would have been RMB132,776,000 (2024:
                      RMB133,264,000) higher, arising mainly as a result of lower interest income on bank deposits net of lower
                      interest expenses on bank borrowings.




144   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




6.   Financial Risk Management (Continued)
     (e)   Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Financial assets:
           Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                  27,824,752            22,527,920
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                     1,933,817                479,118
           Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                    5,327,346              2,184,550


           Financial liabilities:
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost                                      90,940,708            72,338,044
           Lease liabilities                                                             1,034,115                100,600
           Financial guarantee                                                            143,567                  34,563


     (f)   Fair values
           The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in the consolidated
           statements of financial position approximate their respective fair values.


     (g)   Transfers of financial assets
           The following were the Group’s financial assets transferred to banks or suppliers by discounting those
           receivables on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards
           relating to these receivables, it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of the receivables and has
           recognised the cash received on the transfer as a secured borrowing (note 26). These financial assets are
           carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


           As at 31 December 2025


                                                                                                        Bills receivables
                                                                                                           discounted to
                                                                                                         banks with full
                                                                                                                 recourse
                                                                                                                 RMB’000


           Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                     9,325
           Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                 9,325


           Net position                                                                                                   –




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      6.      Financial Risk Management (Continued)
              (g)     Transfers of financial assets (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2024


                                                                                                                   Bills receivables
                                                                                                                      discounted to
                                                                                                                    banks with full
                                                                                                                            recourse
                                                                                                                           RMB’000


                      Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                 100,000
                      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                             100,000


                      Net position                                                                                                  –


      7.      Fair Value Measurements
              Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
              between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
              fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


              Level 1 inputs:      quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
                                   access at the measurement date.


              Level 2 inputs:      inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                   liability, either directly or indirectly.


              Level 3 inputs:      unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


              The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
              event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer




146   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




7.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (a)   Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2025
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –    4,484,050                  –       4,484,050
           – Investment in listed equity securities       342,830            –                  –         342,830
           – Investment in unlisted equity securities           –            –          500,466           500,466
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        78,272            –                  –          78,272
           – Investment in unlisted debt instruments            –            –        1,304,733         1,304,733
           – Investment in unlisted equity securities           –            –           43,334            43,334
           – Investment in wealth management
             products                                           –      507,478                  –         507,478


                                                          421,102    4,991,528        1,848,533         7,261,163



                                                                                                             As at
                                                          Fair value measurements using:            31 December
                                                          Level 1       Level 2          Level 3             2024
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposit                             –    1,598,926                  –       1,598,926
           – Investment in a listed equity security        98,164            –                  –          98,164
           – Investment in unlisted equity securities           –            –          487,460           487,460
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investment in a listed equity security        54,963            –                  –          54,963
           – Investment in unlisted debt instruments            –            –          243,528           243,528
           – Investment in wealth management
             products                                           –      180,627                  –         180,627


                                                          153,127    1,779,553          730,988         2,663,668



                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025         147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      7.      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
              (b)     Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3:

                                                               Financial         Financial          Financial
                                                               assets at          assets at          assets at
                                                                FVTPL -            FVTPL -           FVTOCI -
                                                             Investment                           Investment
                                                             in unlisted     Investment in         in unlisted
                                                                 equity      unlisted debt             equity          2025
                                                              securities       instruments          securities         Total
                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000


                      At beginning of year                            –            243,528            487,460       730,988
                      Additions, net                                  –            722,465             12,032       734,497
                      Acquisition of subsidiaries                41,704                  –                     –     41,704
                      Total gains recognised
                         in profit or loss                        1,630            338,740                     –    340,370
                         in other comprehensive income                –                  –              8,551         8,551
                      Exchange difference                             –                  –             (7,577)        (7,577)


                      At end of year                             43,334          1,304,733            500,466      1,848,533



                                                                    Financial assets     Financial assets
                                                                            at FVTPL -          at FVTOCI -
                                                                      Investment in           Investment in
                                                                      unlisted debt       unlisted equity              2024
                                                                           instruments            securities           Total
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000


                      At beginning of year                                    149,414              296,793          446,207
                      Additions, net                                           82,300              179,938          262,238
                      Total gains recognised
                         in profit or loss                                     11,814                     –          11,814
                         in other comprehensive income                               –                4,239           4,239
                      Exchange difference                                            –                6,490           6,490


                      At end of year                                          243,528              487,460          730,988




148   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




7.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (b)   Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3: (Continued)
           The total gains recognised in other comprehensive income are presented in fair value changes of equity
           instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) in the consolidated statement of
           profit or loss and other comprehensive income.


           The total gains recognised in profit or loss including those for assets held at end of reporting period are
           presented in other losses, net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     (c)   Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and
           inputs used in fair value measurements:
           The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities
           required for financial reporting purposes, including level 2 and level 3 fair value measurements. The financial
           controller reports directly to the Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation
           processes and results are held between the financial controller and the Directors at least once a year.


           For level 2 fair value measurements, specific valuation techniques adopted by the Group to evaluate the
           financial assets include the annual interest rates for certificate of deposits and net assets value of the wealth
           management investment.


           Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                                   Effect on fair                Fair value
                                                                                   Unobservable                    value for increase
           Description                                  Valuation technique        inputs                          of inputs                   2025              2024
                                                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


           Investment in unlisted debt instruments      Net assets value of        Net assets                      Increase                1,304,733          243,528
             classified as financial assets at FVTPL      underlying investments


           Investment in unlisted equity securities     Net assets value of        Net assets                      Increase                 311,977           307,522
             classified as financial assets at FVTOCI     underlying investment


           Investment in an unlisted equity security    Market approach            Changes in share price of       Increase                 188,489           179,938
             classified as financial assets at FVTOCI                                comparable companies


           Investment in unlisted equity securities     Market approach            Enterprise value                Increase                  43,334               N/A
             classified as financial assets at FVTPL                                 to earnings before
                                                                                     interest, tax, depreciation
                                                                                     and amortisation ratio of
                                                                                     comparable companies




                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025             149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.      Revenue
              (a)     Disaggregation of revenue
                      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service line for the year is as
                      follows:


                                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


                      Revenue from contracts with customers within
                         the scope of IFRS 15
                      Sales of EV batteries                                                                     30,299,670            19,550,893
                      Sales of ESS products and others                                                          14,100,397             8,200,633


                                                                                                                44,400,067            27,751,526


                      The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the
                      following major product lines and geographical regions:


                                                                                           Sales of ESS products
                                                                Sales of EV battery             and others                        Total
                                                                   2025           2024         2025            2024           2025             2024
                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Primary geographical markets
                        – Mainland China                      29,503,461    19,085,928    13,977,372     8,025,690     43,480,833         27,111,618
                        – Europe                                215,380        161,683         5,218           3,349     220,598            165,032
                        – Asia                                  577,250        266,132      117,072          153,291     694,322            419,423
                        – America                                  1,035        32,865          444           18,011          1,479          50,876
                        – Others                                   2,544         4,285          291             292           2,835            4,577


                      Revenue from external customers         30,299,670    19,550,893    14,100,397     8,200,633     44,400,067         27,751,526


                      Timing of revenue recognition
                        – Products transferred at a point
                          in time                             30,299,670    19,550,893    13,999,862     8,127,642     44,299,532         27,678,535
                        – Products and services transferred
                          over time                                    –              –     100,535           72,991     100,535             72,991


                      Total                                   30,299,670    19,550,893    14,100,397     8,200,633     44,400,067         27,751,526




150   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.   Revenue (Continued)
     (b)      Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts
              with customers
              The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied)
              as at year end and the expected timing of recognising revenue as follows:


                                                                                                2025                   2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


              Within 1 year                                                                 329,736                 141,294


9.   Investment and Other Income

                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


     Interest income on:
        – Bank deposits                                                                          99,795             121,707
        – Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                             49,002              33,115


     Total interest income                                                                      148,797             154,822
     Government grants and subsidies (note)                                                      48,009              27,451
     Value-added tax additional deduction                                                        97,766             160,382
     Compensation from suppliers                                                                 14,715              11,150
     Insurance compensation income                                                                 8,167               2,829
     Reversal of provision for litigation                                                          8,155                    –
     Others                                                                                        8,002                 926


                                                                                                333,611             357,560


     Note:

     During the year, the Group recognised government subsidies as follow:

                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


     Research and development subsidies                                                            18,765              18,229
     Subsidies on industry development                                                             24,941               7,420
     Others                                                                                         4,303               1,802


                                                                                                   48,009              27,451




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      9.      Investment and Other Income (Continued)
              The government subsidies as set out above were received for compensation for or reimbursement of costs or
              expenses previously incurred and recognised in profit or loss in the current period in which they became receivable.


              Apart from above, the Group has recognised government grants of approximately RMB1,740 million (2024: RMB434
              million) in total, which were accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set forth in note 4(z)
              to the consolidated financial statements. These government grants, mostly being income-related, were used to
              offset the related operating costs and expenses, or deduct from the carrying value of the related property, plant
              and equipment if they are asset-related. There were no conditions attached to these government grants that were
              unfulfilled as at the end of the reporting period.


      10. Other Losses, Net

                                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


                  Allowance for inventories                                                                    (523,231)           (149,755)
                  Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                                368,199              37,599
                  Fair value change in financial guarantees                                                    (109,004)            (34,563)
                  Net foreign exchange gain                                                                        9,848               6,879
                  Net gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment                                           2,572                 819


                                                                                                               (251,616)           (139,021)


      11. Segment Information
              The Group is mainly engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
              ESS products in the PRC, and all the assets are substantially located in the PRC. Accordingly, there is only one single
              business reportable segment which is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker.


              Revenue from major customers:


                                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


                  Customer A                                                                                  7,420,382           3,622,311
                  Customer B                                                                                  6,985,687           3,470,117
                  Customer C#                                                                                        N/A          2,971,549
                  Customer D   #
                                                                                                                     N/A          2,794,586


              #
                        Revenue from these customers amounted to less than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the year ended 31 December
                        2025.




152   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. Finance Costs

                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


    Interest expenses on lease liabilities (note 20)                                        10,178                3,860
    Interest on bank borrowings, bond payables and finance charges                       1,225,334           1,227,732


    Total borrowing costs                                                                1,235,512           1,231,592
    Amount capitalised                                                                    (380,916)           (816,476)


                                                                                           854,596             415,116


13. Income Tax Expense/(Credit)
    Income tax expense/(credit) has been recognised in profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


    Current tax – the PRC
       Provision for the year                                                               60,588                  485
       Under provision in prior years                                                       74,064             159,336


                                                                                           134,652             159,821


    Current tax – Others
       Provision for the year                                                                    82                 292
    Deferred tax (note 39)                                                                  40,394            (213,540)


                                                                                           175,128             (53,427)


    Under the relevant income tax law, the PRC subsidiaries are subject to Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a statutory
    rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the year.


    The Company and certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were approved to be high and new technology
    enterprises and were entitled to a reduced EIT rate of 15%. The high and new technology enterprises certificates
    need to be renewed every three years so as to enable the Company and those subsidiaries to enjoy the reduced EIT
    rate of 15%.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      13. Income Tax Expense/(Credit) (Continued)
              The reconciliation between the income tax expense/(credit) and the product of profit before tax multiplied by the
              PRC EIT rate is as follows:


                                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


              Profit before tax                                                                      2,270,351       790,199


              Tax at the PRC Enterprise Income Tax rate of 15%                                        340,553        118,530
              Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible                                             7,616        18,122
              Tax effect of income that are not taxable                                                   (138)        (4,168)
              Tax effect of super deduction of qualified research and development
                 expenditure                                                                          (341,670)     (260,670)
              Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                       20,353            (723)
              Tax effect of tax losses                                                                101,979       (114,289)
              Effect on deferred tax balance resulting from a change in tax rate                       20,428           1,579
              Effect of different tax rates of subsidiaries                                            (48,057)       28,856
              Under provision in prior years                                                           74,064        159,336


              Income tax expense/(credit)                                                             175,128         (53,427)


      14. Profit for the Year
              The Group’s profit for the year is stated after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


              Allowance for inventories (note 10)                                                     523,231        149,755
              Amortisation of intangible assets (note 22)                                             194,459        171,850
              Auditor’s remuneration
              – Audit services                                                                           4,265          4,114
              – Non-audit services                                                                       1,401           578
              Cost of inventories sold                                                              36,988,116    23,341,632
              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 19)                                4,648,965     2,242,732
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 20)                                            66,386         58,942
              Net gain on disposals of property, plant and equipment (note 10)                          (2,572)          (819)
              (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on trade and bills receivables          (3,951)       91,058
              (Reversal of impairment losses)/impairment losses on prepayments,
                 deposits and other receivables                                                        (32,320)       40,987



154   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. Employee Benefits Expenses

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


    Employee benefits expense (including Directors’ emoluments):
      Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                  1,631,032           1,525,267
      Equity-settled share-based payments                                                       –              26,150
      Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                             130,355             133,726


                                                                                        1,761,387           1,685,143


    Five highest paid individuals
    The five highest paid individuals in the Group during the year included one (2024: two) directors of the Company
    whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in note 16(a). The emoluments of the remaining four
    (2024: three) individuals are set out below:


                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


    Basic salaries and allowances                                                          17,142              11,339
    Equity-settled share-based payments                                                         –              10,454
    Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                   199                 140


                                                                                           17,341              21,933


    Five highest paid individuals
    The emoluments fell with the following band:


                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                       Number of          Number of
                                                                                       headcount          headcount


    RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                 2                    –
    RMB3,500,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                 1                    –
    RMB4,500,001 to RMB5,000,000                                                                 –                    1
    RMB6,500,001 to RMB7,000,000                                                                 1                    2
    RMB10,000,001 to RMB10,500,000                                                               –                    1
    RMB11,500,001 to RMB12,000,000                                                               1                    –
    RMB16,500,001 to RMB17,000,000                                                               –                    1


                                                                                                 5                    5


    During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the Directors or the five highest paid individuals
    as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Supervisors
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments

                                                               Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,                     Emoluments paid
                                                                           whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking                                     or receivable in
                                                                                                                                                                respect of director’s
                                                                                                                                                                   other services in
                                                                                                                               Remunerations                       connection with
                                                                                                 (Note i)                              paid or                    the management
                                                                                               Estimated        Employer’s          receivable                     of the affairs of
                                                                                            money value contribution to           in respect of                       the Company
                                                             Salaries and Discretionary         of other       a retirement accepting office         Housing        or its subsidiary
                                                      Fees   allowances           bonus         benefits benefit scheme             as director     allowance          undertaking        Total
                                                   RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000               RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Chairwoman
                      Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜)                   –         3,376           8,222                –                57                     –           –                      –     11,655
                      Executive directors
                      Dai Ying (戴穎)                      –         1,108           2,126                –                57                     –           –                      –      3,291
                      Non-Executive directors
                      Hu Jing (胡婧) (note v)              –             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –          –
                      Li Jiancun (李建存) (note v)          –             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –          –
                      Xie Jieping (謝潔平) (note v)         –             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –          –
                      Independent non-executive
                        directors
                      Wu Guangquan
                        (吳光權) (note vii)               180             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –        180
                      Dr. Wang Susheng
                        (王蘇生博士)                        240             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –        240
                      Dr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐博士)          240             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –        240
                      Dr. Xiao Wen
                        (肖文博士) (note viii)              60             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –         60
                      Supervisors
                      Li Hui (李輝) (note vi)              –             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –          –
                      Cheng Yan (程雁)                     –             –               –                –                 –                     –           –                      –          –
                      Nian Mingzhu (念明珠)                 –           201              16                –                26                     –           –                      –        243


                      Total for year ended
                        31 December 2025               720         4,685          10,364                –               140                     –           –                      –     15,909




156   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Supervisors (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)

                                                      Emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,                Emoluments paid
                                                               whether of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking                                   or receivable in
                                                                                                                                                   respect of director’s
                                                                                                                    Remunerations                    other services in
                                                                                                                           paid or                 connection with
                                                                                    (Note i)                           receivable                   the management
                                                                                  Estimated             Employer’s in respect of                      of the affairs of
                                                                                money value         contribution to     accepting                        the Company
                                                     Salaries and Discretionary    of other           a retirement       office as         Housing or its subsidiary
                                              Fees    allowances         bonus      benefits        benefit scheme        director       allowance        undertaking        Total
                                           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000                 RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000


          Chairwoman
          Liu Jingyu (劉靜瑜)                       –         2,676           4,490           9,762                 50                –             –                   –      16,978
          Executive directors
          Dai Ying (戴穎)                          –           949           1,970           3,691                 50                –             –                   –       6,660
          Non-Executive directors
          Zhang Guoqing (張國慶) (note iii)         –             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –           –
          Zhou Sheng (周勝) (note iii)             –             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –           –
          Li Yunxiang (李雲祥) (note ii)            –             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –           –
          Hu Jing (胡婧) (note v)                  –             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –           –
          Li Jiancun (李建存) (note v)              –             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –           –
          Xie Jieping (謝潔平) (note v)             –             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –           –
          Independent non-executive
             directors
          Wu Guangquan (吳光權)                   240             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –         240
          Dr. Wang Susheng (王蘇生博士)             240             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –         240
          Dr. Chen Zetong (陳澤桐博士)              240             –                –               –                  –               –             –                   –         240
          Supervisors
          Jiang Jinhua (姜金華) (note iv)           –             –               –                –                 –                –             –                   –           –
          Li Hui (李輝) (note vi)                  –             –               –                –                 –                –             –                   –           –
          Cheng Yan (程雁)                         –             –               –                –                 –                –             –                   –           –
          Nian Mingzhu (念明珠)                     –           194              11                –                26                –             –                   –         231


          Total for year ended
            31 December 2024                   720         3,819           6,471          13,453                126                –             –                   –      24,589




                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025             157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. Benefits and Interests of Directors and Supervisors (Continued)
              (a)     Directors’ and supervisors’ emoluments (Continued)
                      Notes


                      (i)      Estimated money values of other benefits include equity-settled share-based payments.


                      (ii)     Li Yunxiang resigned as non-executive director on 26 August 2024.


                      (iii)    Zhang Guoqing and Zhou Sheng were retired as non-executive directors on 31 December 2024.


                      (iv)     Jiang Jinhua was retired as supervisor on 31 December 2024.

                      (v)      Hu Jing, Li Jiancun and Xie Jieping were appointed as non-executive directors on 31 December 2024.

                      (vi)     Li Hui was appointed as supervisor on 31 December 2024.

                      (vii)    Wu Guangquan was resigned as independent non-executive director on 10 October 2025.

                      (viii)   Dr. Xiao Wen was appointed as independent non-executive director on 10 October 2025


                      Neither the chief executive officer nor any of the directors waived any emoluments during the year 2025 and
                      2024.


              (b)     Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
                      No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                      Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the director’s connected party had a
                      material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the
                      year.


      17. Dividends
              No dividend has been paid or proposed during the year (2024: Nil).


      18. Earnings Per Share
              The calculation of the basic earnings per share during the year is based on the profit for the year attributable to
              ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue or deemed to
              be in issue


              (a)     Basic earnings per share
                      The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the
                      Company of approximately RMB1,475,632,000 (2024: RMB591,196,000), and the weighted average number
                      of ordinary shares of approximately 1,772,302,000 (2024: 1,772,302,000) in issue during the year.




158   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




18. Earnings Per Share (Continued)
    (b)         Diluted earnings per share
                The calculation of the diluted earnings per share is based on the following:


                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


                 Earnings
                 Earnings for the purpose of calculating basic earnings per share                          1,475,632                 591,196
                 Earnings diluted as a result of non-wholly owned subsidiary’s
                   equity-settled share-based payments                                                                (1)                     –


                 Earnings for the purpose of calculating diluted earnings per share                        1,475,631                 591,196


                The numbers of ordinary shares used as denominators in calculating the basic and diluted earnings per share
                are the same.


19. Property, Plant and Equipment

                                                                           Furniture
                                                             Computer     and office      Motor       Leasehold      Construction
                                  Building    Machinery     equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement       in progress          Total
                                 RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000


    At 1 January 2024:
    Cost                        11,296,220    10,637,980      926,518       762,706      16,521         178,892       46,211,107     70,029,944
    Accumulated depreciation
      and impairment              (505,914)   (1,227,355)     (322,161)     (207,901)     (7,233)        (64,564)                –    (2,335,128)


    Net carrying amount         10,790,306     9,410,625      604,357       554,805       9,288         114,328       46,211,107     67,694,816


    At 1 January 2024,
      net of accumulated
      depreciation and
      impairment                10,790,306     9,410,625      604,357       554,805       9,288         114,328       46,211,107     67,694,816
    Additions                        1,794      404,008        30,997        55,255       1,954           5,966       15,094,219     15,594,193
    Disposals                            –        (9,361)         (882)       (7,426)      (526)            (291)                –       (18,486)
    Transfer                     5,062,721    15,884,479       31,872        55,148            –            137       (21,056,684)       (22,327)
    Depreciation provided
      during the year             (416,644)   (1,480,317)     (138,873)     (169,945)     (3,173)        (33,780)                –    (2,242,732)




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025           159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      19. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)

                                                                                       Furniture
                                                                        Computer      and office      Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                                              Building    Machinery     equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement      in progress         Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December 2024,
                net of accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                  15,438,177    24,209,434      527,471       487,837       7,543          86,360      40,248,642     81,005,464


              At 31 December 2024
                and at 1 January 2025:      16,360,735    26,917,106      988,505       865,683      17,949         184,704      40,248,642     85,583,324
              Cost
              Accumulated depreciation
                and impairment                (922,558)   (2,707,672)     (461,034)     (377,846)    (10,406)        (98,344)              –    (4,577,860)


              Net carrying amount           15,438,177    24,209,434      527,471       487,837       7,543          86,360      40,248,642     81,005,464


              At 1 January 2025,
                net of accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                  15,438,177    24,209,434      527,471       487,837       7,543          86,360      40,248,642     81,005,464
              Acquisition of subsidiaries     286,478       329,244        10,393        35,475       4,549           2,194          95,355       763,688
              Additions                        42,091       424,813        23,584        63,962       1,092           6,693      14,221,831     14,784,066
              Disposals                              –       (30,171)       (1,049)       (6,698)       (371)              –         (10,037)      (48,326)
              Transfer                       2,808,887    25,039,697       13,583       110,286         313                –     (28,043,115)      (70,349)
              Exchange alignment                     –             –            53            28          47            294          17,586        18,008
              Depreciation provided
                during the year               (525,644)   (3,757,661)     (145,721)     (185,264)     (3,730)        (30,945)              –    (4,648,965)


              At 31 December 2025
                net of accumulated
                depreciation and
                impairment                  18,049,989    46,215,356      428,314       505,626       9,443          64,596      26,530,262     91,803,586




160   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




19. Property, Plant and Equipment (Continued)

                                                                          Furniture
                                                            Computer     and office      Motor       Leasehold     Construction
                                 Building    Machinery     equipment     equipment     vehicles    improvement      in progress         Total
                                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


    At 31 December 2025
    Cost                       19,498,191    52,680,689     1,035,069     1,068,736     23,579         193,885      26,530,262    101,030,411
    Accumulated depreciation
      and impairment           (1,448,202)   (6,465,333)     (606,755)     (563,110)    (14,136)       (129,289)              –    (9,226,825)


    Net carrying amount        18,049,989    46,215,356      428,314       505,626       9,443          64,596      26,530,262     91,803,586


    The Group was still in the process of obtaining property ownership certificates for certain buildings with a net
    carrying amount of RMB3,598,963,000 (2024: RMB8,409,266,000).


    Property, plant and equipment with carrying amounts of approximately RMB16,155,207,000 (2024:
    RMB9,614,624,000) was pledged as security for the Group’s bank borrowings and finance lease arrangements.


    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the government subsidies related to assets of approximately
    RMB48,010,000 (2024: RMB54,410,000) were recognised and deducted from cost of related assets.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025          161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      20. Right-Of-Use Assets

                                                                          Leasehold lands       Lease properties           Total
                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000


               At 1 January 2024                                                   1,712,148             74,180       1,786,328
               Additions                                                                   –             26,478          26,478
               Depreciation                                                          (40,563)           (18,379)        (58,942)
               Exchange realignment                                                     (325)                85             (240)
               Early termination of leases                                                 –              (4,119)         (4,119)


               At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                              1,671,260             78,245       1,749,505
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                           96,675              20,142         116,817
               Additions                                                            662,288               1,359         663,647
               Transfer                                                               4,613                    –          4,613
               Depreciation                                                          (47,663)           (18,723)        (66,386)
               Exchange realignment                                                     690                 390           1,080


               At 31 December 2025                                                 2,387,863             81,413       2,469,276



                                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000


               Depreciation expenses on right-of-use assets                                                66,386        58,942
               Interest expense on lease liabilities (included in finance costs)                           10,178         3,860
               Expenses relating to short-term lease (included in cost of sales,
                  selling expenses, administrative expenses and research and
                  development expenses)                                                                    53,313        60,516
               Expenses relating to leases of low value assets (included in cost of sales,
                  selling expenses and administrative expenses)                                             3,087         3,278


              Details of total cash outflow for leases is set out in note 45(b).


              During the year ended 2025, the Group leases various factories and office premise for its operations. Lease terms
              are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the
              lease term and assessing the length of non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and
              determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


              Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 3 year to 5 years. No extension options and termination options
              are included in the lease contracts.


              Right-of-use assets with carrying amounts of approximately RMB863,609,000 (2024: RMB819,876,000) was pledged
              as security for the Group’s bank borrowings.
162   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




21. Goodwill

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


    Cost
    At 1 January                                                                                     –                   –
    Arising on acquisition of subsidiaries (note 45(a))                                      137,956                     –


    At 31 December                                                                           137,956                     –


    Accumulated impairment losses
    At 1 January and 31 December                                                                     –                   –


    Carrying amount
    At 31 December                                                                           137,956                     –


    Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated, at acquisition, to the CGUs that are expected to benefit
    from that business combination. The carrying amount of goodwill had been allocated to Olive Sensors.


    In addition to goodwill, property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets that generate
    cash flows together with the related goodwill are also included in the respective CGU for the purpose of impairment
    assessment.


    The recoverable amount of Olive Sensors’ CGU has been determined on the basis of its fair value less cost of
    disposal. The fair value is estimated by using Olive Sensors’ closing market price as at 31 December 2025. The
    estimated cost of disposal includes professional third parties’ fees, such as broker advisory commissions, legal
    advisory fee and reporting accountant fee, and related taxes derived from the disposal of Olive Sensors.


    Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the cost of disposal will not cause Olive Sensors’
    CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount. The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s
    recoverable amount is approximately 60% as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      22. Intangible Assets

                                                         Computer                                  Development
                                                          software   Trademarks          Patents          costs     Others       Total
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000


              Cost
              At 1 January 2024                            211,660             4       1,658,293       342,776       5,081   2,217,814
              Additions – internal development              37,383             –               –       234,562           –    271,945
              Transfer                                      22,327             –        153,520        (153,520)         –     22,327


              At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025       271,370             4       1,811,813       423,818       5,081   2,512,086
              Acquisition from subsidiaries                 24,445            11        484,136               –          –    508,592
              Additions – internal development              39,079             –               –       244,796       2,693    286,568
              Transfer                                      65,125             –         97,702         (97,702)       611     65,736


              At 31 December 2025                          400,019            15       2,393,651       570,912       8,385   3,372,982


              Accumulated amortisation and impairment
              At 1 January 2024                             47,195             2        810,710               –      1,808    859,715
              Charge for the year                           25,511             1        145,310               –      1,028    171,850


              At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025        72,706             3        956,020               –      2,836   1,031,565
              Acquisition from subsidiaries                 19,959             6          8,179               –          –     28,144
              Charge for the year                           30,203             1        163,132               –      1,123    194,459


              At 31 December 2025                          122,868            10       1,127,331              –      3,959   1,254,168


              Carrying amount
              At 31 December 2024                          198,664             1        855,793        423,818       2,245   1,480,521


              At 31 December 2025                          277,151             5       1,266,320       570,912       4,426   2,118,814


              Computer software was purchased by the Group and has finite useful life. The computer software is stated at
              cost less accumulated amortisation and any impairment losses and is amortised on the straight-line basis over its
              estimated useful life of not more than 10 years.


              Trademarks were acquired in a business combination and recognised at fair values at the acquisition date.
              Trademarks have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is calculated
              on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life of 10 years.




164   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




22. Intangible Assets (Continued)
    Patents have finite useful lives and are amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 10 to 20
    years.


    Development costs are internally generated. The development costs mainly represent staff costs, materials and
    utilities used in development of technologies for battery production. The estimated useful lives of these projects will
    be determined after completion based on the period of time to generate probable economic benefits. Development
    costs are amortised using the straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products not exceeding
    10 years. The development costs of relevant technology would be transferred to patents if they can be successfully
    patented.


    The average remaining amortisation period (in years) for the Group’s intangible assets at end of reporting periods
    are:


                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                               (years)             (years)


     Computer software                                                                             5.7                 6.1
     Trademarks                                                                                    5.0                 0.9
     Patents                                                                                       6.9                 7.3
     Others                                                                                        3.0                 2.6
     Development costs                                                                             N/A                 N/A


    Intangible assets not yet available for use (such as development costs) must be tested for impairment annually. At
    31 December 2025, the Group has certain development costs not yet available for use. The development costs are
    systematically allocated into each CGUs. The recoverable amount of each CGU was determined on the basis of its
    value-in-use using discounted cash flow method. The Group prepares each CGU cash flow forecasts derived from
    the most recent financial budgets approved by the Directors for the period up to year 2030 and with the residual
    period using growth rate of 0%. 2027 is the year that most CGUs are expected to attain their effective capacity and
    stabilized operating efficiency.


    The Group has engaged independent external valuers to assist management to estimate the recoverable amounts of
    CGUs.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      22. Intangible Assets (Continued)
              The Jiangsu Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions as at 31
              December 2025:


              Key assumptions


              Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual sales volume                           Gradually attaining 36 GWh
                                                                                                  in FY2027 and kept the same
                                                                                                                    to FY2030


              Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment of time value of
                 money and the risks specific to the CGU                                                                10.5%


              The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
              remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts as at 31
              December 2025:


              Change in key assumptions


              Sales volume                                                                               Expected annual sales
                                                                                                        volume reduced by 1.5
                                                                                                             GWh for all years
                                                                                                     across the forecast period


              Discount rate (post-tax)                                                        Increase of discount rate of 0.4%


              Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Jiangsu Company
              CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
              The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 4% as at 31 December
              2025.




166   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




22. Intangible Assets (Continued)
    The Wuhan Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions at 31
    December 2025:


     Key assumptions


     Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual sales volume                         Gradually attaining 38.5 GWh
                                                                                                              in FY2027
                                                                                        and kept the same to FY2030


     Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment of time value of
       money and the risks specific to the CGU                                                                    11.7%


    The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
    remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts as at 31
    December 2025:


     Change in key assumptions


     Sales volume                                                                                Expected annual sales
                                                                                                volume reduced by 1.2
                                                                                                      GWh for all years
                                                                                             across the forecast period


     Discount rate (post-tax)                                                        Increase of discount rate of 0.4%


    Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Wuhan CGU’s
    recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount. The
    headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 4% as at 31 December
    2025.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025         167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      22. Intangible Assets (Continued)
              The Chengdu Company CGU recoverable amount calculations have used the following key assumptions as at 31
              December 2025:


              Key assumptions


              Sales volume – Attainment of long-term annual sales volume                       Gradually attaining 38 GWh
                                                                                           in FY2028 and kept the same to
                                                                                                                   FY2030


              Discount rate (post-tax) - Reflect current market assessment of time
                 value of money and the risks specific to the CGU                                                   12.0%


              The following unfavourable change in key assumptions (individually and while holding others unchanged) would
              remove the headroom such that the carrying amount of CGU would exceed the recoverable amounts as at 31
              December 2025:


              Change in key assumptions


              Sales volume                                                                           Expected annual sales
                                                                                                    volume reduced by 4.2
                                                                                                   GWh for all years across
                                                                                                        the forecast period


              Discount rate (post-tax)                                                    Increase of discount rate of 1.5%


              Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which the Chengdu Company
              CGU’s recoverable amount is based would not cause the CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.
              The headroom, expressed as a percentage of the CGU’s recoverable amount is approximately 17% as at 31
              December 2025.




168   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. Investments in Subsidiaries
    The following table shows information on the subsidiaries that have non-controlling interests (“NCI”) material to the
    Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.


     Name                                                                                   Chengdu Company
                                                                                                2025                2024


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                        PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                    49%/49%             49%/49%



                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                                  10,736,339          10,346,891
     Current assets                                                                        7,221,487           4,711,882
     Non-current liabilities                                                              (5,331,153)         (5,234,143)
     Current liabilities                                                                  (7,175,081)         (5,099,146)


     Net assets                                                                            5,451,592           4,725,484


     Accumulated NCI                                                                       2,612,499           2,315,487




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                              2025           2024
                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                     9,747,474     6,743,486
              Cost of sales                                              (8,759,301)   (6,032,007)
              Gross profit                                                 988,173       711,479
              Profit before tax                                            236,918       184,090
              Profit for the year                                          218,108       181,412
              Total comprehensive income                                   218,108       181,412


              Profit allocated to NCI                                       98,759          86,478


              Net cash generated from operating activities                 270,288      1,469,930
              Net cash used in investing activities                      (1,324,665)   (3,377,754)
              Net cash generated from financing activities                1,041,428     2,225,064
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                          (934)          574


              Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents          (13,883)     317,814



              Name                                                          Wuhan Company
                                                                              2025           2024


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation             PRC            PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI     40.68%/40.68%      49%/49%



                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                         15,392,703    12,765,346
              Current assets                                              6,450,477     5,475,214
              Non-current liabilities                                    (5,565,417)   (4,428,631)
              Current liabilities                                        (8,920,867)   (6,934,760)


              Net assets                                                  7,356,896     6,877,169


              Accumulated NCI                                             2,784,818     3,269,853




170   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                    12,027,961           6,552,940
     Cost of sales                                                             (10,669,148)         (5,363,666)
     Gross profit                                                                1,358,813           1,189,274
     Profit before tax                                                             408,093             296,101
     Profit for the year                                                           395,727             296,035
     Total comprehensive income                                                    395,727             296,035


     Profit allocated to NCI                                                       166,918             143,159


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                      1,135,898            (122,320)
     Net cash used in investing activities                                      (3,220,464)         (3,544,688)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                                2,156,802           3,509,104
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                               –              1,175


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           72,236            (156,729)



     Name                                                                            Hefei Company
                                                                                       2025                2024


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                               PRC                 PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                      70.61%/39.61%     70.61%/39.61%



                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                          9,971,233           8,400,693
     Current assets                                                              3,639,227           3,036,582
     Non-current liabilities                                                    (4,769,131)         (3,952,559)
     Current liabilities                                                        (4,414,591)         (3,539,381)


     Net assets                                                                  4,426,738           3,945,335


     Accumulated NCI                                                             3,018,349           3,005,476




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                5,423,128      3,227,777
              Cost of sales                                          (4,905,998)   (2,776,323)
              Gross profit                                             517,130       451,454
              Loss before tax                                           (19,965)         (54,157)
              Profit/(loss) for the year                                12,144           (26,252)
              Total comprehensive income/(expense)                      12,144           (26,252)


              Profit/(loss) allocated to NCI                            11,412           (14,521)


              Net cash used in operating activities                   (274,841)      (569,945)
              Net cash used in investing activities                  (2,149,515)   (1,148,371)
              Net cash generated from financing activities           1,923,425      2,092,611
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                      (585)          1,854


              Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents    (501,516)      376,149



              Name                                                      Fujian Company
                                                                          2025             2024


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation         PRC              PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI     49%/49%        49%/49%



                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                     4,813,927      2,958,692
              Current assets                                         3,529,300      3,545,032
              Non-current liabilities                                (1,573,901)   (1,370,198)
              Current liabilities                                    (2,446,349)   (2,509,985)


              Net assets                                             4,322,977      2,623,541


              Accumulated NCI                                        2,118,259      1,285,535




172   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                2,206,948           2,742,581
     Cost of sales                                                         (1,620,897)         (2,315,928)
     Gross profit                                                             586,051             426,653
     Profit before tax                                                        359,516              33,518
     Profit for the year                                                      299,437              49,567
     Total comprehensive income                                               299,437              49,567


     Profit allocated to NCI                                                  145,505              23,079


     Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                  (235,351)            420,302
     Net cash used in investing activities                                 (1,446,414)           (773,386)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                           1,618,829             989,742
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      (157)                 37


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                     (63,093)            636,695



     Name                                                                    Jiangmen Company
                                                                                 2025                2024


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                         PRC                  PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                  36.3%/36.3%       36.3%/36.3%



                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                     9,314,395           6,241,772
     Current assets                                                         4,877,621           2,771,851
     Non-current liabilities                                               (4,001,435)         (2,080,818)
     Current liabilities                                                   (4,660,182)         (2,253,574)


     Net assets                                                             5,530,399           4,679,231


     Accumulated NCI                                                        1,738,505           1,702,742




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                  4,942,429     3,536,076
              Cost of sales                                            (4,078,330)   (3,077,039)
              Gross profit                                               864,099       459,037
              Profit before tax                                          288,062       143,935
              Profit for the year                                        171,168       161,483
              Total comprehensive income                                 171,168       161,483


              Profit allocated to NCI                                     34,943           57,518


              Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities     735,174     (1,236,440)
              Net cash used in investing activities                    (3,659,580)   (1,219,732)
              Net cash generated from financing activities             3,273,915     2,258,556
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                        (695)            (16)


              Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       348,814      (197,632)



              Name                                                       Sichuan Company
                                                                            2025            2024


              Principal place of business/country of incorporation           PRC             PRC
              % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI       49%/49%       49%/49%



                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000


              At 31 December:
              Non-current assets                                       5,324,387     4,233,749
              Current assets                                           1,475,047     1,675,308
              Non-current liabilities                                   (419,910)     (848,278)
              Current liabilities                                      (3,063,545)   (2,217,948)


              Net assets                                               3,315,979     2,842,831


              Accumulated NCI                                          1,510,295     1,290,988




174   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December:
     Revenue                                                                1,998,923           1,599,827
     Cost of sales                                                         (1,260,916)         (1,606,283)
     Gross profit/(loss)                                                      738,007               (6,456)
     Profit/(loss) before tax                                                 548,102            (108,035)
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                               473,148             (86,160)
     Total comprehensive income/(expense)                                     473,148             (86,160)


     Profit/(loss) allocated to NCI                                           218,953             (43,283)


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                 1,314,940             (24,326)
     Net cash used in investing activities                                 (1,109,417)           (578,363)
     Net cash generated from financing activities                              31,534             449,976
     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                      (198)                (18)


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                     236,859            (152,731)



     Name                                                                                  Olive Sensors
                                                                                                     2025


     Principal place of business/country of incorporation                                              PRC
     % of ownership interests/voting rights held by NCI                                   89.06%/69.59%



                                                                                                 RMB’000


     At 31 December:
     Non-current assets                                                                         1,457,113
     Current assets                                                                             2,994,895
     Non-current liabilities                                                                     (237,164)
     Current liabilities                                                                       (1,382,872)


     Net assets                                                                                 2,831,972


     Accumulated NCI                                                                            2,824,119




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      23. Investments in Subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                                              From
                                                                       21 November
                                                                           2025 to
                                                                       31 December
                                                                              2025
                                                                          RMB’000


              Year ended 31 December:
              Revenue                                                      179,847
              Cost of sales                                                (147,087)
              Gross profit                                                  32,760
              Profit before tax                                               7,489
              Profit for the year                                             6,454
              Total comprehensive income                                      6,454


              Profit allocated to NCI                                         1,281


              Net cash generated from operating activities                 202,932
              Net cash used in investing activities                         (76,444)
              Net cash used in financing activities                         (50,984)
              Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                        (1,408)


              Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                     74,096


      24. Investments in Associates

                                                                2025          2024
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000


              Unlisted investments:
              Share of net assets                            359,959        16,109




176   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. Investments in Associates (Continued)
    Details of the Group’s associates at 31 December 2025 are as follows:


                                         Place of                                 Ownership
                                         incorporation Particulars of                 interest
                                         and              registered             attributable       Voting        Profit   Principal
    Name                                 operations       capital               to the Group        power       sharing    activities


    凱博(湖北)私募基金管理有限公司 The PRC                              Registered                     30%          30%          30%     Private equity fund
        Kaibo (Hainan) Private Equity                        capital of                                                         management
        Fund Management Co., Ltd. *                          RMB10,000,000


    江蘇動力及儲能電池創新中心                        The PRC          Registered                     48%          48%          48%     Engineering and
        有限公司                                                 capital of                                                         technical research
        Jiangsu Power and Energy                             RMB30,000,000                                                      and experimental
        Storage Battery Innovation                                                                                              development
        Center Co., Ltd. *


    凱博(四川)智慧能源科技有限公司 The PRC                              Registered                   49.6%        49.6%        49.6%     Energy storage, solar
        Kaibo (Sichuan) Smart Energy                         capital of                                                         power and wind power
        Technology Co., Ltd. *                               RMB200,000,000                                                     technology services and
                                                                                                                                energy management
                                                                                                                                services


    安徽奧力威科技有限公司                          The PRC          Registered                     30%          30%          30%     Manufacturing and sales
        Anhui Olive Technology                               capital of                                                         of automotive parts and
        Co., Ltd.   *#
                                                             RMB150,000,000                                                     accessories


    Schürholz GmbH #                     Germany          Registered                     32%          32%          32%     Investment holding
                                                             capital of
                                                             EUR30,000


    Schürholz GmbH & Co. KG              Germany          Registered                     32%          32%          32%     Metal stamping and
        Stanztechnik     #
                                                             capital of                                                         forming and production
                                                             EUR5,000,000                                                       of automotive and
                                                                                                                                electrical parts


    Schürholz Polska Sp Z Oo. #          Poland           Registered                  32.01%       32.01%       32.01%     Forging, pressing, stamping
                                                             capital of                                                         and forming of metal
                                                             PLN6,260,000                                                       components

    *         The English translation name is for identification purpose only. The official name of the entity is in Chinese.


    #         These entities are held by Olive Sensors, which is non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.


    All of the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.


                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025            177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      24. Investments in Associates (Continued)
              The following table shows, in aggregate, the Group’s share of the amounts of all individually immaterial associates
              that are accounted for using the equity method.


                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Carrying amounts of interests                                                          359,959            16,109



                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Loss for the year, net                                                                     (819)              (85)
              Other comprehensive income                                                               (5,626)                –


              Total comprehensive income                                                               (6,445)              (85)


              The bank and cash balances of the Group’s associates in the PRC denominated in RMB amounted to RMB38,155,000
              (2024: RMB26,729,000). Conversion of the mentioned balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign
              currencies into RMB is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement,
              Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


      25. Inventories

                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


              Raw materials                                                                        1,221,330           748,800
              Work in progress                                                                     3,258,110         2,495,694
              Finished goods                                                                       2,684,111         2,018,941


                                                                                                   7,163,551         5,263,435




178   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




26. Trade and Bills Receivables

                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     Trade receivables
     Receivables from third parties                                                        13,223,407            7,172,546
     Due from related parties (note 28)                                                         43,645              16,564
     Allowance for doubtful debts                                                             (273,413)           (179,697)


                                                                                           12,993,639            7,009,413


     Bills receivables                                                                       1,971,525           1,404,887
     Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                  (509)                   –


                                                                                             1,971,016           1,404,887


                                                                                           14,964,655            8,414,300


    The credit terms, being granted to independent third parties, are generally within 90 days. Each customer has a
    maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain
    strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.


    The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date, and net of allowance, is as follows:


                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


     0 to 180 days                                                                         12,053,397            6,345,783
     181 to 365 days                                                                           696,696             299,671
     1 – 2 years                                                                               172,595             284,651
     Over 2 years                                                                               70,951              79,308


                                                                                           12,993,639            7,009,413




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      26. Trade and Bills Receivables (Continued)
              Reconciliation of allowance for trade and bills receivables:


                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


              At 1 January                                                                              179,697             88,639
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                98,176                   –
              (Reversal)/allowance for the year, net                                                      (3,951)           91,058


              At 31 December                                                                            273,922            179,697


              The fair values of trade and bills receivables of the Group approximated to their carrying amounts.


              Bills receivables mainly represent short-term bank acceptance bills receivables that entitle the Group to receive the
              full-face amount from the banks at maturity, which generally ranges from 3 to 6 months from the date of issuance.
              Historically, the Group had experienced no credit losses on bills receivables. The Group from time to time endorses
              bank acceptance bills to suppliers in order to settle trade payables and discounts bank acceptance bills to banks in
              order to obtain working capital.


              The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills to suppliers for settling trade payables of the same amount on
              a full recourse basis. The Group has derecognised these bills receivable and payables to suppliers in their entirety.
              These derecognised bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less than 6 months from the end of the reporting
              period. In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
              of these bills and has discharged its obligation of the payables to its suppliers, and the Group has limited exposure
              in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills receivables under the relevant PRC rules and regulations, should
              the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are
              of good credit quality and non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity is remote. The Group’s
              maximum exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, which is same as the amount payable by the Group
              to suppliers in respect of the endorsed bills, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
              amounted to RMB4,750,194,000 (2024: RMB1,831,848,000).


              The Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital and has derecognised
              these bank acceptance bills in their entirety. These discounted bank acceptance bills had a maturity date of less
              than 6 months from the end of the Reporting Period. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred
              substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and the Group has minimum exposure in respect
              of the settlement obligation of these bills under the commercial practice in the PRC, should the issuing banks fail
              to settle the bills on maturity date. The Group considered the issuing banks of these bills are of good credit quality
              and chance of non-settlement of these bills by the issuing banks on maturity date is remote. The Group’s maximum
              exposure to loss and undiscounted cash outflow, should the issuing banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date, is
              amounted to RMB14,479,225,000 (2024: RMB8,981,927,000).




180   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




26. Trade and Bills Receivables (Continued)
    The Group discounted certain bank acceptance bills with recourse to banks. Since the risks and rewards of ownership
    had not been substantially transferred respectively, the discounted bills of RMB9,325,000 (2024: RMB100,000,000)
    were not derecognised.


    The Group entered into a trade receivable factoring arrangement and transferred certain trade receivables of RMBNil
    (2024: RMB1,200,000,000) to a bank without recourse. In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has transferred
    substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these receivables and the Group has minimum exposure in
    respect of the settlement obligation of these receivables under the commercial practice in the PRC. Thus, the Group
    derecognised these receivables subsequent to the transfer and the funds received.


    The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                14,743,615            8,298,076
     USD                                                                                    158,629              98,828
     THB                                                                                     48,608              15,172
     EUR                                                                                     13,803                2,224


                                                                                        14,964,655            8,414,300




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025         181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      27. Prepayments, Deposits and Other Receivables

                                                                                                  2025         2024
                                                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000


              Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                  1,142,603     993,795
              Prepayments                                                                     2,824,010    1,703,276
              Other tax receivables                                                           4,682,751    4,276,055
              Government grants and subsidies receivable                                       500,000     1,410,323
              Other deposits                                                                    27,579       40,367
              Other receivables                                                                 61,631       25,575
              Consideration receivables (note 45(a))                                            80,000             –


                                                                                              9,318,574    8,449,391


              Analysed as:
              Non-current assets                                                              1,142,603     993,795
              Current assets                                                                  8,175,971    7,455,596


                                                                                              9,318,574    8,449,391


              Reconciliation of allowances for prepayments, deposits and other receivables:


                                                                                                  2025         2024
                                                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000


              At 1 January                                                                      47,943        6,956
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                        1,978             –
              (Reversal)/allowance for the year, net                                            (32,320)     40,987


              At 31 December                                                                    17,601       47,943




182   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. Prepayments, Deposits and Other Receivables (Continued)
    The carrying amounts of the Group’s prepayments, deposits and other receivables are denominated in the following
    currencies:


                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


    RMB                                                                                9,173,765           8,153,734
    EUR                                                                                  136,378              36,446
    THB                                                                                    5,731                5,068
    JPY                                                                                    1,162             251,913
    USD                                                                                       720                    –
    HKD                                                                                       593               2,230
    KRW                                                                                       225                    –


                                                                                       9,318,574           8,449,391




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025         183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      28. Balances with Related Parties

                                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                      Note                RMB’000               RMB’000


              Trade receivables
                  － 中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology
                       (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (“Luoyang Company”)                                         26                  43,645                 16,564


              Amounts due from related parties
              Trade-related:
                  – Luoyang Company                                                                    (iii)                        –             201,399


                                                                                                                                    –             201,399
              Allowance for doubtful debts                                                                                          –                      –


                                                                                                                                    –             201,399


              Trade payables
                  － 常州江環能源科技有限公司 Changzhou Jianghuan Energy
                       Technology Co., Ltd. * (“Jianghuan Energy”)                                                            5,697                    1,607
                  – Luoyang Company                                                                                        211,552                         –


                                                                                                        31                 217,249                     1,607


              Amounts due to related parties
              Non-trade related:
                  – 江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Construction
                       Projects Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                                               24,797                 17,844
                  – Luoyang Company                                                                                             821                    9,266
                  – 常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering
                       Construction Co., Ltd. * (“Huake Engineering”)                                                             40                    140


                                                                                                                            25,658                 27,250


              Total amounts due to related parties                                                                          25,658                 27,250
              Less: Amounts due to related parties – current portion                                                        (25,658)              (27,250)


              Total amount due to related parties
                  – non-current portion                                                                                             –                      –


              *       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.




184   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




28. Balances with Related Parties (Continued)
    Notes:


    (i)      The trade-related outstanding balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable within credit term of
             180 days.


    (ii)     The non-trade related balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.


    (iii)    The balance represents the prepayment for the purchase of goods in accordance with the contractual term.


29. Other Financial Asset
    (a)      Financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


              Investment in a listed equity security, at fair value (i)                                         78,272               54,963
              Investment in unlisted debt instruments, at fair value (ii)                                   1,304,733               243,528
              Investment in unlisted equity securities, at fair value (iii)                                     43,334                      –
              Wealth management investments, at fair value (iv)                                               507,478               180,627


                                                                                                            1,933,817               479,118


              Analysed as:
              Current assets                                                                                  585,750               235,590
              Non-current assets                                                                            1,348,067               243,528


                                                                                                            1,933,817               479,118


             (i)     The Group invested RMB100 million in a company incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Shenzhen
                     Stock Exchange and owned approximately 0.5% equity interests in the company. The fair value of the
                     investment is based on current bid price.


             (ii)    The Group invested RMB954.3 million in four limited liability partnerships (“LLP”) set up in the PRC
                     and being a limited partner. The LLPs have definite investment period. Such investments are debt
                     instruments, and the fair value of such investments is based on the net assets value of each LLP.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      29. Other Financial Asset (Continued)
              (a)     Financial assets at FVTPL (Continued)
                      (iii)   The Group invested RMB58.3 million in three companies incorporated in the PRC. The fair value of
                              the investment is based on the market approach model valued by a third-party valuer.


                      (iv)    The Group invested in certain wealth management products in the PRC and Singapore. The principals
                              of investments were not guaranteed under normal circumstances. Such investments are held for
                              trading in a short-term period.


                      The carrying amount of the above financial assets are mandatorily measured at FVTPL in accordance with IFRS
                      9.


                      The investment in a listed equity security offers the Group’s the opportunity for return through dividend
                      income and fair value gains. It has no fixed maturity or coupon rate.


                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets at FVTPL are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


                       RMB                                                                          1,933,817           298,491
                       USD                                                                                   –          180,627


                                                                                                    1,933,817           479,118




186   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. Other Financial Asset (Continued)
    (b)   Financial assets at FVTOCI

                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


           Certificate of deposit (i)                                                      4,484,050           1,598,926
           Investment in listed equity securities, at fair value (ii)                        342,830              98,164
           Investment in unlisted equity securities, at fair value (iii)                     500,466             487,460


                                                                                           5,327,346           2,184,550


           Analysed as:
           Current assets                                                                  4,433,489           1,598,926
           Non-current assets                                                                893,857             585,624


                                                                                           5,327,346           2,184,550


          (i)     The Group invested in “6-month to 3-year certificate of deposit” offered by bank in the PRC with the
                  terms that the Group could not withdraw the deposits in advance but could sell them to others. The
                  annual interest rates are fixed in the range of 1.20% p.a. to 3.30% p.a. (2024: 1.55% p.a. to 3.45%
                  p.a.). As the Group managed the above financial product with the objective of both the collection of
                  contractual cash flows and sale, it was recognised as financial assets at FVTOCI in the consolidated
                  financial statements.


          (ii)    The Group respectively invested approximately HKD392.5 million and HKD153.8 million in two
                  companies incorporated in the PRC and dually listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock
                  Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and respectively owned approximately 0.3% and 0.4%
                  equity interests in such companies. Such investments are not held for trading and the Group has
                  irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. They are strategic investments
                  and the Group considers this classification to be more relevant.


          (iii)   The Group invested HKD360 million in a limited partnership fund (“LPF”) set up in Hong Kong. The
                  investment period for the LPF is indefinite. Such investment is not held for trading and the Group
                  has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. The fair value of such
                  investment is based on the net assets value of the LPF.


                  The Group invested certain amount in private companies incorporated in Singapore, the PRC and
                  Hong Kong. Such investments are not held for trading and the Group has irrevocably elected at initial
                  reconciliation to recognise in this category. The fair value of such investments is based on the price
                  change model valued by a third-party valuer or the net assets value of the companies.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      29. Other Financial Asset (Continued)
              (b)     Financial assets at FVTOCI (Continued)
                      The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets at FVTOCI are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


                      RMB                                                                           4,487,050         1,598,926
                      HKD                                                                             651,807           405,687
                      USD                                                                             188,489           179,937


                                                                                                    5,327,346         2,184,550


      30. Pledged Bank Deposits, Restricted Bank Balances and Bank and Cash
          Balance
              (a)     Pledged bank deposits
                      The Group’s pledged bank deposits represented deposits pledged to banks to secure banking facilities
                      granted to the Group for issuance of bank acceptance bills, letter of guarantee and letter of credit. The
                      amounts were denominated in RMB and EUR.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


              (b)     Restricted bank balances
                      The Group’s restricted bank balances represented bank balances restricted for construction of lithium-ion
                      battery manufacturing plant. The amount was denominated in RMB and EUR.


                      Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
                      is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
                      Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.




188   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. Pledged Bank Deposits, Restricted Bank Balances and Bank and Cash
    Balance (Continued)
    (c)     Bank and cash balances
            Bank and cash balances of the Group and denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


            RMB                                                                         8,668,869           8,453,354
            USD                                                                           826,535             337,295
            EUR                                                                            73,137             211,247
            HKD                                                                            39,888              49,877
            THB                                                                            28,501                6,508
            AUD                                                                                 283                272
            KRW                                                                                 486                   –


                                                                                        9,637,699           9,058,553


            Conversion of the above balances from RMB into foreign currencies and from foreign currencies into RMB
            is subject to the PRC’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, Sale and
            Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


31. Trade and Bills Payables

                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     Trade payables
     Payables to third parties                                                        12,850,143            7,947,258
     Due to related parties (note 28)                                                     217,249                1,607
     Bills payables                                                                   13,969,256          11,537,671


                                                                                      27,036,648          19,486,536


    Bills payables were secured by bills receivables of RMBNil (2024: RMB14,000) and pledged bank deposits of
    RMB2,488,420,000 (2024: RMB3,315,497,000) (note 30(a)).




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      31. Trade and Bills Payables (Continued)
              The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods is as follows:


                                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              0 to 180 days                                                                         13,009,765       7,922,962
              181 – 365 days                                                                               50,805          22,907
              1 – 2 years                                                                                   4,306           2,996
              Over 2 years                                                                                  2,516               –


                                                                                                    13,067,392       7,948,865


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              RMB                                                                                   27,030,869      19,485,130
              EUR                                                                                           4,323           1,406
              JPY                                                                                            880                –
              USD                                                                                            576                –


                                                                                                    27,036,648      19,486,536


      32. Accruals and Other Payables

                                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Deposits received                                                                        443,344            437,659
              Accrued salaries                                                                         326,332            242,210
              Accrued expenses                                                                         536,978            368,455
              Payable for property, plant and equipment                                              5,250,709       5,600,010
              Other tax payables                                                                       255,098             72,083
              Other payables                                                                               54,448          59,544


                                                                                                     6,866,909       6,779,961




190   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. Accruals and Other Payables (Continued)
    The carrying amounts of the Group’s accruals and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                6,795,905           6,688,901
     EUR                                                                                   36,719              14,241
     JPY                                                                                   20,797              50,082
     THB                                                                                   12,704              26,395
     HKD                                                                                       557                 321
     USD                                                                                       227                    –
     SGD                                                                                          –                 21


                                                                                        6,866,909           6,779,961


33. Contract Liabilities
    Contract liabilities are mainly advance payments from customers. The amounts are expected to be recognised as
    revenue within 1 year from the end of the reporting period.


                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     Billings in advance of performance obligation
       – arising from sales of products                                                   329,736             141,294


    Movements in contract liabilities:


                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     Balance at beginning of year                                                         141,294             616,955
     Increase in contract liabilities as a result of billings in advance of sales         319,265             141,294
     Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during
        the year                                                                         (175,771)           (616,955)
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           44,948                     –


     Balance at end of year                                                               329,736             141,294




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      34. Bond Payable
              (i)     On 13 May 2025, the Group issued 3-year medium-term note with total value of RMB500,000,000. The
                      coupon rate is 2.20% per annum. The medium-term note will be fully repaid on 15 May 2028.


              (ii)    On 27 October 2025, the Group issued 3-year medium-term note with total value of RMB700,000,000. The
                      coupon rate is 2.25% per annum. The medium-term note will be fully repaid on 29 October 2028.


              (iii)   On 24 November 2025, the Group issued 3-year medium-term note with total value of RMB700,000,000.
                      The coupon rate is 2.20% per annum. The medium-term note will be fully repaid on 25 November 2028.


      35. Deferred Income

                                                                                                            2025           2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


               Government grants                                                                         338,124        297,907


               Analysed as:
               Non-current liabilities                                                                   338,124        297,907


              Government grants received for which related activities/expenditure have not yet been undertaken/incurred are
              included in deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position.


              Government grants related to assets are deducted from cost of related non-current assets (note 19) and are
              recognised in profit or loss over the life of the depreciable assets as a reduced depreciation expense.




192   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




36. Lease Liabilities

                                                                   Minimum                  Present value of minimum
                                                                lease payments                     lease payments
                                                                  2025            2024               2025             2024
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Within one year                                           410,379          34,872           385,519            31,463
     In the second to fifth years, inclusive                   667,013          74,857           648,596            69,137


                                                             1,077,392         109,729         1,034,115           100,600
     Less: Future finance charges                              (43,277)          (9,129)              N/A               N/A


     Present value of lease obligations                      1,034,115         100,600         1,034,115           100,600


     Less: Amount due for settlement within
       12 months (shown under current liabilities)                                              (385,519)          (31,463)


     Amount due for settlement after 12 months                                                   648,596            69,137


    The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities is 2.82% (2024: 4.65%).


    The carrying amount of the Group’s lease liabilities are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


     RMB                                                                                     1,017,205              78,949
     HKD                                                                                         5,879                7,954
     THB                                                                                        11,031              13,697


                                                                                             1,034,115             100,600




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      37. Bank Borrowings

                                                                                       2025         2024
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000


              Bank loans                                                          53,818,605   45,890,817
              Bank loans – supplier finance arrangements (note (f))                1,536,545     225,563


                                                                                  55,355,150   46,116,380


              (a)     The analysis of the repayment schedule of borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                       2025         2024
                                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000


                      Within one year                                             25,108,122   18,960,089
                      More than one year, but not exceeding two years              8,034,075    5,545,273
                      More than two years, but not more than five years           17,874,823   17,532,054
                      More than five years                                         4,338,130    4,078,964


                                                                                  55,355,150   46,116,380




194   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. Bank Borrowings (Continued)
    (b)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in RMB.
    (c)   The average interest rates of the Group’s bank borrowings at 31 December were as
          follows:

                                                                                             2025                2024


          Bank loans                                                                       2.85%                3.17%
          Bank loans – supplier finance arrangements                                           N/a                 N/a


          Bank borrowings of RMB9,077,150,000 (2024: RMB1,690,010,000) are arranged at fixed interest rates
          and expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. Other borrowings are arranged at floating rates, thus
          exposing the Group to cash flow interest rate risk.


    (d)   The details of pledged assets and collaterals to the Group’s bank borrowings are as
          follows:
          Bank loans of RMB30,885,719,000 (2024: RMB28,456,572,000) are secured by the Group’s property, plant
          and equipment of RMB16,155,207,000 (2024: RMB9,614,624,000) (note 19) and right-of-use assets of
          RMB863,609,000 (2024: RMB819,876,000) (note 20).


    (e)   The details of loan covenants of the Group’s bank borrowing are as follows:
          Certain Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants. Some of those relating to the
          Group’s financial metrics which are tested periodically, as are commonly found in lending arrangements
          with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the related borrowings would become
          payable on demand.


          The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the year ended 31
          December 2025. Further details of the covenants and the Group’s management of liquidity risk are set out in
          note 6(c).




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      37. Bank Borrowings (Continued)
              (f)     Bank loans arising from supplier finance arrangements:
                      The Group has entered into certain reverse factoring arrangements with banks, under which the Group
                      obtained extended credit in respect of the invoice amounts owed to certain suppliers.


                      Under these arrangements, the bank pay suppliers the amounts owed by the Group on the original due
                      dates, which are normally 30 to 90 days after the invoice date for the comparable trade payables that are
                      not part of the supplier finance arrangement within the same business line. The Group then settles with the
                      banks between 180 to 300 days after the original due dates with suppliers, with interest.


                      In the consolidated financial statement of financial position, the Group has presented the payables to the
                      banks under these arrangements as “bank borrowings”, in view of the nature and function of such liabilities
                      when compared with the Group’s trade payables. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of financial
                      liabilities under these arrangements amounted to RMB1,536,545,000 of which suppliers have received
                      payments from the banks.


                      In the consolidated statement of cash flows, payments to the banks are included within financing cash
                      flows based on the nature of the arrangements, and payments to the suppliers by the bank amounting to
                      RMB1,536,545,000 are non-cash transactions.


              (g)     Capital and liability management:
                      Saved as disclosed in share capital (note 42), the Group also monitors capital and liability management by
                      using the liability-to-asset ratio (i.e. total liabilities divided by total assets). The liability-to-asset ratio of the
                      Group as at 31 December 2025 was 64.0% (2024: 60.8%).




196   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




38. Provisions

                                                                Warranties           Litigations               Others                 Total
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                    (note a)            (note b)


     At 1 January 2024                                              969,966                   240              23,758              993,964
     Additional provisions                                          529,026                 7,915                     –            536,941
     Provisions used                                               (105,128)                     –                    –           (105,128)


     At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                       1,393,864                 8,155              23,758           1,425,777
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                       8,339                     –                 737                9,076
     Additional provisions                                          639,292                      –                    –            639,292
     Provisions used                                               (209,713)                     –             (23,758)           (233,471)
     Reversal                                                                –             (8,155)                    –              (8,155)


     At 31 December 2025                                          1,831,782                      –                 737          1,832,519


     Analysed as:
     Current liabilities                                            311,608                      –                    –            311,608
     Non-current liabilities                                      1,520,911                      –                    –         1,520,911


                                                                  1,832,519                      –                    –         1,832,519


    (a)     A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products are sold. Under the terms of the Group’s sales agreements,
            the Group will rectify any product defects arising within predominantly 3 to 8 years from the date of sale. Provision is therefore
            made for the best estimate of the expected settlement under these agreements in respect of products sold which are still within the
            warranty period. The amount of provision takes into account the Group’s recent claim experience, historical warranty data and a
            weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

    (b)     Based on the latest developments, Directors assessed the prior years’ outstanding intellectual property infringement claims (the
            “Claims”) in accordance with IAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, and is of opinion that the Claims can
            be reversed, since the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in settlement is remote.




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025           197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. Deferred Tax
              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are netted off when the taxes relate to the same tax authority and where offsetting
              is legally enforceable. The following amounts, determined after appropriate offsetting, are shown separately on the
              consolidated statement of financial position:


                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


              Deferred tax assets                                                                       763,521            793,450
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (153,560)            (8,705)


                                                                                                        609,961            784,745


              The gross movement on the deferred tax account is as follows:


                                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


              Balance at 1 January                                                                      784,745            556,151
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                              (116,580)                  –
              (Charge)/credit to profit or loss (note 13)                                               (40,394)           213,540
              (Charge)/credit to other comprehensive income                                             (17,810)            15,054


              Balance at 31 December                                                                    609,961            784,745




198   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. Deferred Tax (Continued)
    Deferred tax liabilities (prior to offset)

                                                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                                              changes of
                                                                                                                financial
                                                                 Accelerated   Right-of-use    Revaluation      assets at
                                                                depreciation         assets       of assets       FVTPL       Others        Total
                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


    At 1 January 2024                                               114,858         11,319               –             –           –     126,177
    Charge/(credit) to profit or loss for the year (note 13)        113,952          (2,803)             –             –           –     111,149


    At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                          228,810          8,516               –             –           –     237,326
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                                      15,729          4,171        134,250          2,797          26     156,973
    Charge/(credit) to profit or loss for the year (note 13)        202,697          (1,729)        (1,027)       28,929       3,890     232,760


    At 31 December 2025                                             447,236         10,958        133,223         31,726       3,916     627,059




                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025       199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      39. Deferred Tax (Continued)
              Deferred tax assets (prior to offset)

                                                                                  Allowance
                                                                   Allowance on     on trade    Deferred                     Lease
                                                      Tax losses     inventory    receivables    income     Provisions   liabilities    Others         Total
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


              At 1 January 2024                         276,810         84,680        13,423      52,747      187,527       11,680      55,461      682,328
              (Charge)/credit to profit or loss for
                the year (note 13)                      294,851        (48,850)       13,531     (16,597)      76,634       (1,865)      6,985      324,689
              Credit to other comprehensive
                income for the year                           –              –             –           –            –             –     15,054       15,054


              At 31 December 2024 and
                1 January 2025                          571,661         35,830        26,954      36,150      264,161        9,815      77,500     1,022,071
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                 1,231          3,553        14,602       9,351        1,424        4,005       6,227       40,393
              Credit/(charge) to profit or loss for
                the year (note 13)                       54,161         30,376            47      52,046       64,642        2,322      (11,228)    192,366
              Charge to other comprehensive
                income for the year                           –              –             –           –            –             –     (17,810)     (17,810)


              At 31 December 2025                       627,053         69,759        41,603      97,547      330,227       16,142      54,689     1,237,020


              As at 31 December 2025, deferred tax asset of RMB627,053,000 (2024: RMB571,661,000) was recognised in
              respect of unused tax losses of RMB3,705,571,000 (2024: RMB3,490,156,000). According to financial forecast,
              the Directors have exercised their judgement to assess that there will be sufficient future taxable profits available
              to offset against the unused tax losses. These tax losses are expected to expire after 5 to 10 years from the year of
              assessment they related to.


              No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of tax losses amounted to RMB1,213,293,000 (2024:
              RMB1,158,514,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.




200   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




40. Financial Guarantees
    The Company has provided guarantees in respect of bank loans and banking facilities granted to the Company’s
    subsidiaries. Pursuant to the terms of guarantees, if there are any defaults on the loans or similar balances, the
    Company is responsible to repay the outstanding principal together with accrued interests and other costs owed by
    the defaulting subsidiaries to the banks.


    The maximum potential liability of the Company at 31 December 2025 in respect of the amount of bank loans
    drawn and other banking facilities utilised by the subsidiaries under the guarantees at that date is approximately
    RMB730 million (2024: RMB880 million).


    The Company also has provided guarantees in respect of finance lease agreements and bank loans entered into by
    the investees companies measured at FVTPL. Pursuant to the terms of guarantees, if there are any defaults on the
    finance lease, the Company is responsible to repay the outstanding principal together with accrued interests and
    other costs owed by the defaulting investees to the lessors.


    The maximum potential liability of the Company at 31 December 2025 in respect of the amount of finance lease
    agreements and bank loans entered into by the investees under the guarantees at that date is approximately
    RMB1,219 million (2024: RMB230 million).


41. Share-Based Payments
    2019 Share-based Payments
    During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company approved and adopted a share incentive scheme (“2019
    Share Incentive Scheme”) involving 6 senior management, namely, Liu Jingyu, Dr. Pan Fangfang, Dai Ying, Geng
    Yan’an, Wang Xiaoqiang and He Fan (collectively, the “Six Senior Management”). The purposes of the 2019
    Share Incentive Scheme are to stimulate the enthusiasm and creativity of the Six Senior Management, enhance their
    sense of responsibility and mission of achieving the Company’s long-term sustainable and healthy development, and
    ensure the realization of the Company’s strategic goals.


    The Six Senior Management have formed a limited company, Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment (“Share Incentive
    Vehicle”). A limited partnership company, Lihang Jinzhi (“Partnership”) was formed, and the Share Incentive
    Vehicle and a related entity of a government shareholder of the Company (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”)
    were required to contribute RMB10 million and RMB1,500 million, respectively, to the Partnership. After that, the
    Partnership has subscribed for registered capital of the Company.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      41. Share-Based Payments (Continued)
              2019 Share-based Payments (Continued)
              The Partnership has a prescribed operation period of 10 years, and all investment proceeds of it (after deducting
              expenses and tax), including all distribution, interest and dividend from the Company will be distributed to the Share
              Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment in the following manner:


              (a)     Distribute to the Share Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment proportionally to their capital
                      contribution of the Partnership until they fully recover their capital contributions to it;


              (b)     Any investment proceeds in excess of (a) above will be firstly distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment
                      in an amount that represent 6% annual return to its capital contribution to the Partnership;


              (c)     2 years after all legal and regulatory requirements for freely disposing the Partnership’s equity interest in the
                      Company are fulfilled, and after the distributions in (a) and (b) above, the Partnership shall dispose of all its
                      equity interest in the Company. 20% of the net proceeds from the disposal will be distributed to the Share
                      Incentive Vehicle and the remaining 80% will be distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment.


              The manner of distribution above enables the Six Senior Management to receive possible future cash proceeds,
              through the Share Incentive Vehicle, that are disproportionate to their share of capital injections into the Partnership
              and the amount of such future cash proceeds to be received by the Share Incentive Vehicle will depend on many
              factors including future price of the Company’s equity, vesting date and other factors.


              The awards of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have been accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment.
              The management estimate the fair value of the awards and the length of the vesting period at grant date. The date
              of vesting will need to be re-estimated at each reporting date. The share-based payment expense will be recognised
              over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity of the consolidated statement of financial position as a
              capital contribution from government shareholder of the Company.


              Independent professional valuer was engaged to assist the management to determine the grant date fair value of
              the awards by binomial tree method with the following assumptions and inputs:


              Vesting date initially estimated                                                                      30 July 2027
              Price per each registered capital of the Company                                                      RMB1.02
              Risk free rate                                                                                        3.69%
              Dividend yield                                                                                        Nil
              Estimated volatility of return of the Company’s equity                                                53.72%




202   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




41. Share-Based Payments (Continued)
    2019 Share-based Payments (Continued)
    The fair value of the awards at grant date is estimated to be approximately RMB163 million. The following table set
    out the estimated vesting date adopted at each reporting date and the share-based payment expense charged to the
    consolidated profit and loss of the Group.


                                                                                                           Share-based
                                                                                                   payment expense
                                                                                                              RMB’000


    For the year ended 31 December 2025                                                                                –
    For the year ended 31 December 2024                                                                         23,599


    2024 Share-based Payments
    In 2024, senior management of the Company purchased approximately 1,125,000 domestic shares at a
    consideration of RMB10.95 per share from the 2020 Employee Shareholding Platforms. Since the purchase price was
    lower than the market price when the transactions occurred, the unidentifiable consideration (i.e. the difference
    between the market price and the purchase price) shall be accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment. The
    unidentifiable consideration of approximately RMB2,551,000 was recognised in profit or loss in 2024.


    Olive Sensors’ equity-settled share-based payments
    Pursuant to the 2022 Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Draft) of Olive Sensors, Olive Sensors granted 12,850,000
    restricted shares to 48 incentive participants. The grant date was 9 December 2022. Details are set out in Olive
    Sensors’ announcements and annual reports.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025         203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      42. Share Capital

                                                                          2025                                  2024
                                                               Number of                             Number of
              Registered and paid-in capital:                       Shares           Amount              Shares           Amount
                                                                                    RMB’000                              RMB’000


              Ordinary shares of RMB1 each                  1,772,301,858          1,772,302     1,772,301,858           1,772,302



                                                                          2025                                  2024
                                                               Number of      Nominal value          Number of     Nominal value
              Class and structure of shares:                        Shares          per share            Shares          per share
                                                                                         RMB                                  RMB


              Domestic shares                               1,010,802,463                    1   1,160,633,753                    1
              H-shares                                        761,499,395                    1     611,668,105                    1


              At end of the year                            1,772,301,858                        1,772,301,858


              The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
              and to maximise the return to the shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance.


              The Group sets the amount of capital in proportion to risk. The Group manages the capital structure and makes
              adjustments to it in the light of changes in economic conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets.
              In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the payment of dividends, issue new
              shares, buy-back shares, raise new debts, redeem existing debts or sell assets to reduce debts.


              The Group monitors capital on the basis of the debt-to-equity ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
              total equity including non-controlling interests. Net debt includes bond payables, lease liabilities, interest-bearing
              bank and other borrowings and financial guarantee, less cash and cash equivalents.


              The Group adopted a policy of keeping a higher but manageable debt-to-equity ratio. The policy aims to meet
              the increased liquidity needs of its ongoing operations and to ensure the timely completion of its new production
              facilities.




204   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




42. Share Capital (Continued)
    The debt-to-equity ratio at the end of reporting period is as follows:


                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


    Bond payables                                                                          1,911,441                     –
    Lease liabilities                                                                      1,034,115             100,600
    Bank borrowings                                                                      55,355,150          46,116,380
    Financial guarantee                                                                      143,567              34,563
    Amounts due to related parties (non-trade in nature)                                             –            27,250


                                                                                         58,444,273          46,278,793
    Less: Cash and cash equivalents                                                       (9,637,699)         (9,058,553)


    Net debt                                                                             48,806,574          37,220,240


    Total equity including non-controlling interests                                     53,456,609          48,053,925


    Debt-to-equity ratio                                                                      91.3%                77.5%


    The increase in the debt-to-equity ratio during 2025 resulted primarily from increase of bank borrowings and
    issuance of bonds.


    The externally imposed capital requirements for the Group are: (i) in order to maintain its listing on the Stock
    Exchange, the minimum public float of the H-shares of the Company shall be the higher of 13.08% of the total
    issued share capital of the Company, and the percentage of H-shares held by public immediately following the
    completion of the Global Offering and the exercise of the Over-allotment Option; and (ii) to meet financial covenants
    attached to the interest-bearing borrowings.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      43. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
              (a)     Statement of financial position of the Company

                                                                                           2025         2024
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000


                      Non-current assets
                      Property, plant and equipment                                        30,354        9,142
                      Right-of-use assets                                                  17,254       18,077
                      Intangible assets                                                   265,650      274,080
                      Investments in subsidiaries                                      30,359,056   26,647,894
                      Investments in an associate                                          66,071        9,602
                      Other financial assets                                            1,681,566      521,629
                      Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment        7,467      252,236
                      Amount due from related parties                                   2,741,699            –
                      Deferred tax assets                                                  62,546      150,211


                                                                                       35,231,663   27,882,871


                      Current assets
                      Inventories                                                           5,992       25,751
                      Trade and bills receivables                                      25,232,387   21,633,598
                      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       1,755,087    1,425,839
                      Amounts due from related parties                                  1,493,410    2,322,885
                      Other financial assets                                            2,658,309    1,399,369
                      Current tax assets                                                       10            –
                      Pledged bank deposits                                               374,063    1,039,013
                      Restricted bank balances                                                502          252
                      Bank and cash balances                                            4,946,377    4,329,938


                                                                                       36,466,137   32,176,645


                      Current liabilities
                      Trade and bills payables                                         25,477,814   20,372,851
                      Accruals and other payables                                         576,528      470,969
                      Bond payables                                                        11,441            –
                      Contract liabilities                                                280,878      138,375
                      Amounts due to related parties                                    1,077,755      265,246
                      Lease liabilities                                                       466          450
                      Bank borrowings                                                   3,679,928    3,163,980
                      Provisions                                                           11,570        9,324
                      Financial guarantees                                                157,212       52,730


                                                                                       31,273,592   24,473,925


                      Net current assets                                                5,192,545    7,702,720


                      Total assets less current liabilities                            40,424,208   35,585,591



206   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
    (Continued)
    (a)   Statement of financial position of the Company (Continued)

                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


          Non-current liabilities
          Bond payables                                                               1,900,000                     –
          Deferred income                                                                    413               4,277
          Lease liabilities                                                                  281                 747
          Provisions                                                                     55,495             128,539
          Bank borrowing                                                              3,857,499           1,382,500


                                                                                      5,813,688           1,516,063


          NET ASSETS                                                                 34,610,520         34,069,528


          Capital and reserves
          Share capital                                                               1,772,302           1,772,302
          Reserves                                                                   32,838,218         32,297,226


          TOTAL EQUITY                                                               34,610,520         34,069,528


          Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 March 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                               LIU Jingyu                                           DAI Ying




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025       207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      43. Statement of Financial Position and Reserve Movement of the Company
          (Continued)
              (b)     Reserve movement of the Company

                                                                                                                                Financial
                                                                                          Contribution                             assets
                                                                                Capital          from         Put option        at FVTOCI       Retained
                                                                                reserve shareholder              reserve          reserve       earnings          Total
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


                      At 1 January 2024                                      32,416,497       139,611           (261,157)        (121,081)       165,543     32,339,413


                      Total comprehensive income for the year                         –               –                 –         (80,662)        12,325        (68,337)
                      Share-based payments (note 41)                                  –        26,150                   –               –              –        26,150


                      Changes in equity for the year                                  –        26,150                   –         (80,662)        12,325        (42,187)


                      At 31 December 2024                                    32,416,497       165,761           (261,157)        (201,743)       177,868     32,297,226



                                                                                                                  Financial
                                                                              Contribution                           assets
                                                                   Capital           from      Put option        at FVTOCI        Statutory      Retained
                                                                   reserve     shareholder        reserve          reserve          reserve      earnings          Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


                      At 1 January 2025                         32,416,497        165,761        (261,157)        (201,743)                 –     177,868     32,297,226


                      Total comprehensive income for the year            –                –               –        100,921                  –     440,071       540,992
                      Appropriation of statutory reserve                 –                –               –                 –       38,419        (38,419)             –


                      Changes in equity for the year                     –                –               –        100,921          38,419        401,652       540,992


                      At 31 December 2025                       32,416,497        165,761        (261,157)        (100,822)         38,419        579,520     32,838,218




208   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




44. Reserves
    (a)   The Group
          The amounts of the Group’s reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated statements of
          profit or loss and other comprehensive income and consolidated statements of changes in equity.


    (b)   Nature and purpose of reserves
          (i)     Capital reserve
                  Under PRC rules and regulations, capital reserve is non-distributable other than in liquidation and may
                  be utilised for business expansion or converted into ordinary shares by the issuance of new shares to
                  shareholders in proportion to their existing shareholdings or by increasing the par value of the shares
                  currently held by the shareholders.


          (ii)    Merger reserve
                  Merger reserve represents the difference of consideration paid and the carrying amount of net assets
                  acquired in a combination under common control.


          (iii)   Safety production fund
                  Pursuant to certain regulations issued by the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of
                  Work Safety, the Group is required to set aside from profit after tax an amount to a legal reserve at
                  different rates ranging from 0.05% to 2.35% of the total revenue recognised for the previous year.
                  The reserve can be utilised for improvements of safety on the manufacturing work, and the amounts
                  are generally expenses in nature and charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss as
                  incurred, and at the same time the corresponding amounts of safety reserve fund were utilised and
                  transferred back to retained profits until such special reserve was fully utilised.


          (iv)    Contribution from shareholder
                  The share-based payments as set out in note 41 are credited as contribution from shareholder.


          (v)     Exchange reserve
                  The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                  financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with accounting
                  policies set out in note 4(f) to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. Reserves (Continued)
              (b)     Nature and purpose of reserves (Continued)
                     (vi)    Put Option reserve
                              The Company has entered into investment agreements with non-controlling shareholders of its
                              subsidiaries, granting them the put option to request the repurchase of their equity interests within
                              specified periods at predetermined prices (“Written Put Options”). These Written Put Options have
                              been recognised as financial liabilities with a corresponding debit entry to equity under reserve.
                              According to the investment agreements, if the Company completes a listing of the Company’s shares
                              on any domestic or foreign stock exchange, the Written Put Options will lapse automatically and at
                              that time the related liabilities would be transferred to equity of the Company.


                              On 6 October 2022, the Company completed its Initial Public Offering (“IPO”) on the Main Board of
                              The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Upon the Listing, the financial liabilities of Written Put
                              Options have been automatically converted into equity of the Company.


                     (vii) Financial assets at FVTOCI reserve
                              The financial assets at FVTOCI reserve comprises the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                              financial assets at FVTOCI held at the end of the reporting period and is dealt with in accordance with
                              the accounting policy in note 4(n) to the consolidated financial statements.


                     (viii) Statutory reserve
                              Pursuant to PRC Company Law, the Company is required to appropriate at least 10% of its profit
                              after tax each year to the statutory reserve until the cumulative balance reaches 50% of its registered
                              capital.




210   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




45. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
    (a)   Acquisition of subsidiaries
          On 21 November 2025, the Company acquired 10.94% equity interest in Olive Sensors, a joint stock
          company incorporated in PRC and listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. Olive Sensors is principally
          engaged in manufacturing and sales of automotive parts and accessories. The acquisition is for the purpose
          of fully realising synergies in each area, further enhancing the value creation capability of the industry chain
          and promoting overall industry progress.

          The fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Olive Sensors acquired as at the date of acquisition is
          as follows:


          Net assets acquired:                                                                                     RMB’000


          Property, plant and equipment                                                                             763,688
          Right-of-use assets                                                                                       116,817
          Intangible assets                                                                                         480,448
          Investment in associates                                                                                  294,294
          Deferred tax assets                                                                                        40,393
          Other financial assets                                                                                  1,082,481
          Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                               138,571
          Inventory                                                                                                 275,850
          Trade and bills receivables                                                                             1,468,946
          Pledged bank deposits                                                                                      62,716
          Bank and cash balances                                                                                    139,484
          Trade and bills payables                                                                                 (983,966)
          Contract liabilities                                                                                      (44,948)
          Accruals and other payables                                                                               (73,123)
          Lease liabilities                                                                                         (18,234)
          Bank borrowings                                                                                          (391,300)
          Current tax liabilities                                                                                    (7,200)
          Provisions                                                                                                 (9,076)
          Deferred income                                                                                           (63,126)
          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 (156,973)
                                                                                                                  3,115,742
          Non-controlling interests                                                                              (2,822,871)
          Consideration receivables                                                                                  80,000
          Goodwill                                                                                                  137,956
                                                                                                                    510,827


          Satisfied by:
          Cash                                                                                                      510,827


          Net cash outflow arising on acquisition:
          Cash consideration paid                                                                                  (510,827)
          Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                        139,484


                                                                                                                   (371,343)



                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      45. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
              (a)     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)
                      The fair value of trade and bills receivables and prepayments, deposits and other receivables acquired is
                      approximately RMB1,468,946,000 and RMB138,571,000 respectively. All of the contract cash flows are
                      expected to be collected in full.


                      The consideration receivables of RMB80,000,000 are recognised based on the capped compensation amount
                      stipulated in the share transfer agreement.


                      The goodwill arising on the acquisition of Olive Sensors is attributable to the anticipated future operating
                      synergies from the combination.


                      Olive Sensors contributed approximately RMB179,847,000 to the Group’s revenue for the year for the
                      period between the date of acquisition and the end of the reporting period. Olive Sensors contributed
                      profit of approximately RMB6,454,000 to the Group’s profit for the year for the period between the date of
                      acquisition and the end of the reporting period.


                      If the acquisition had been completed on 1 January 2025, the revenue contributed to the Group for the
                      year would have been RMB2,294,484,000, and the profit contributed to the Group for the year would have
                      been RMB172,997,000. The proforma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an
                      indication of the revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had
                      the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2025, nor is intended to be a projection of future results.




212   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




45. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
    (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
          The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
          and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or
          future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from
          financing activities.


                                                                                               Payments
                                                                                             to suppliers
                                                                                            by the bank
                                                                                                  under
                                                                                 Interest       supplier
                                          1 January        Cash     Inception   expenses         finance Acquisition of     31 December
                                              2025         flows    of leases   (note 12)   arrangement      subsidiaries          2025
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


          Lease liabilities (note 36)      100,600      903,744        1,359      10,178               –          18,234      1,034,115
          Bank borrowing (note 37)       46,116,380    6,097,032            –   1,213,893      1,536,545        391,300      55,355,150
          Bond payables (note 34)                 –    1,900,000            –     11,441               –               –       1,911,441


                                         46,216,980    8,900,776       1,359    1,235,512      1,536,545        409,534      58,300,706



                                                                                               Payments
                                                                                             to suppliers
                                                                                            by the bank
                                                                                                  under
                                                                                 Interest       supplier
                                          1 January        Cash     Inception   expenses         finance Effect of lease    31 December
                                              2024         flows    of leases   (note 12)   arrangement     modification           2024
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


          Lease liabilities (note 36)       82,801        (8,420)     26,478       3,860               –          (4,119)       100,600
          Bank borrowing (note 37)       29,170,734   15,492,351            –   1,227,732        225,563               –     46,116,380


                                         29,253,535   15,483,931      26,478    1,231,592        225,563          (4,119)    46,216,980




                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025            213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      45. Notes to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
              (c)     Total cash outflow for leases
                      Amounts included in the consolidated statements of cash flows for leases comprise the following:


                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Within operating cash flows                                                      66,578             67,654
                      Within investing cash flows                                                     662,288                  –
                      Within financing cash flows                                                      86,078              4,560


                                                                                                      814,944             72,214


                      These amounts relate to the following:


                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Lease rental paid                                                               152,656             72,214
                      Payments for right-of-use assets                                                662,288                  –


                                                                                                      814,944             72,214




214   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. Contingent Liabilities
    Based on the latest developments, Directors assessed the Claims as described in note 38(b) in accordance with IAS
    37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets, and is of opinion that there is no need to disclose the
    Claims as contingent liabilities, since the possibility of any transfer of economic benefits in settlement is remote.


47. Capital Commitments
    Commitments contracted for at the end of the respective reporting period but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


     Property, plant and equipment                                                           10,010,776         14,297,738
     Intangible assets                                                                           16,837              37,845
     Leasehold lands                                                                            697,654                     –
     Capital contribution to partnership funds                                                  568,395             283,200
     Capital contribution to share subscription                                                    3,300               1,300


                                                                                             11,296,962         14,620,083


48. Operating Lease Arrangements
    The Group as lessee
    The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for office equipment, staff quarters, office premise, factories,
    motor vehicles and warehouses. As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to
    the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense disclosed in note 20.


    As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, the outstanding lease commitments relating to these short-term leases are
    RMB27,553,000 and RMB30,081,000 respectively.


    The Group as lessor
    Operating leases relate to property owned by the Group with lease terms of 1 year. The lessee does not have an
    option to purchase the property at the expiry of the lease period.


    As at 31 December 2024 and 2025, there were no minimum lease payments receivable on leases.


    The following table presents the amounts reported in profit or loss:


                                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


     Lease income on operating leases                                                              6,841               8,970


                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      49. Related Party Transactions
              (a)     Names and relationships of the related parties that had material transactions and balances with the Group
                      during the year:


                          Name of party                                                                 Relationship


                          常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering                                      Shareholder
                           Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)


                          中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology                                 Entity controlled by shareholders of the
                           (Luoyang) Co., Ltd. (“Luoyang Company”)
                                                 *
                                                                                                        Company


                          江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                   Entity controlled by shareholders of the
                           Projects Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                       Company


                      廈門金圓投資集團有限公司 Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment                                   Shareholder
                           Group Company Limited* (“Jinyuan Investment”)


                      常州江環能源科技有限公司 Changzhou Jianghuan Energy                                           Entity controlled by shareholders of the
                           Technology Co., Ltd. * (“Jianghuan Energy”)                                  Company#

                      *
                               The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names is for identification purpose only.

                      #
                               Jianghuan Energy became an entity controlled by shareholders of the Company in 2024.




216   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




49. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
    (b)   The Group had the following material transactions with its related parties during the year:


                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


          Revenue from sales of goods to
             – Luoyang Company                                                            1,351,629           1,245,564
          Entrusted processing services from
             – Luoyang Company                                                            3,575,803           2,858,909
          Purchase of goods and services from
             – Jianghuan Energy                                                               11,539               3,058
          Purchase of property, plant and equipment from
             – Luoyang Company                                                                      –              8,345
          Disposal of property, plant and equipment to
             – Luoyang Company                                                                      –                165
          Rental fee income from
             – Huake Engineering                                                               4,404               4,404
          Rental fee charged by
             – Huake Engineering                                                                    –                 14
          Transportation and miscellaneous fee paid on behalf by
             – Luoyang Company                                                                      –                 32
          Construction fees charged by
             – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction and its subsidiary                            161,257             383,340


          Since March 2021, Jinyuan Investment has been providing financial guarantee to a subsidiary of the Group,
          Xiamen Company in favour of a group of 6 banks, to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal
          amount (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of
          8 years. The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the
          guarantee agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under
          the loan agreement.


          Since January 2022, Jinyuan Investment has been providing another financial guarantee to Xiamen
          Company, in favour of a group of 6 banks to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount
          (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years.
          The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee
          agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan
          agreement.


    (c)   Balances with related parties


          Details of the Group’s balances with related parties at the end of reporting period are disclosed in note 28.


                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025         217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      49. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
              (d)     The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management during the year was as
                      follows:


                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Fees                                                                                              720                 720
                      Salaries and allowances                                                                       11,789                9,714
                      Discretionary bonus                                                                           27,082               20,851
                      Equity-settled share-based payments                                                                  –             26,150
                      Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                                           439                 394


                                                                                                                    40,030               57,829



                      Notes:


                      The amounts disclosed above represent remuneration paid or payable to the directors and other members of senior management of
                      the Company as key management personnel of the Group’s entities.


      50. Events After the Reporting Period
              The Group had no material event after the reporting period as at 31 December 2025.




218   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                             Financial Summary


                                                     2025            2024           2023           2022              2021
                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Re-presented)


Revenue                                          44,400,067     27,751,526     27,005,885     20,374,942        6,817,115
Cost of sales                                   (36,988,116)   (23,341,632)   (23,494,367)   (18,271,422)      (6,306,165)


Gross profit                                      7,411,951      4,409,894      3,511,518     2,103,520          510,950

Investment and other income                         333,611        357,560        200,492        208,849          256,564
Other losses, net                                  (251,616)      (139,021)      (877,052)       (62,872)         (89,541)
Selling expenses                                   (777,434)      (615,974)      (343,162)      (288,264)        (149,167)
Administrative expenses                          (1,484,457)    (1,257,403)      (675,753)      (590,974)        (334,419)
Research and development expenses                (2,142,560)    (1,417,611)      (991,961)      (664,758)        (222,523)
Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                          –              –              –              –          347,240
Impairment loss on investment in associates               –              –              –              –         (178,700)
Reversal of impairment loss/(Impairment loss)
  on trade and bill receivables                       3,951        (91,058)       (60,763)         9,315          (26,600)
Reversal of impairment loss/(Impairment loss)
  on prepayments, deposits and
  other receivables                                 32,320         (40,987)          880          (3,157)            (682)


Profit from operations                            3,125,766      1,205,400        764,199       711,659          113,122
Finance costs                                      (854,596)      (415,116)      (330,439)      (65,217)         (24,975)
Share of losses of associates                          (819)           (85)          (157)         (815)         (24,714)


Profit before tax                                 2,270,351       790,199        433,603        645,627            63,433
Income tax (expense)/credit                        (175,128)       53,427          3,560         47,910            48,107


Profit for the year                               2,095,223       843,626        437,163        693,537          111,540


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                             1,475,632       591,196        294,377        691,626          140,029
Non – controlling interests                         619,591       252,430        142,786          1,911          (28,489)
                                                  2,095,223       843,626        437,163        693,537          111,540


Non – current assets                            101,037,639     86,867,996     73,318,005    53,101,171       20,034,407
Current assets                                   47,517,489     35,605,387     32,111,020    37,359,447       18,586,078


Total assets                                    148,555,128    122,473,383    105,429,025    90,460,618       38,620,485


Current liabilities                              60,290,300     45,584,301     36,821,461    32,774,951        9,890,350
Non – current liabilities                        34,808,219     28,835,157     22,221,774    16,110,208        3,744,011


Total liabilities                                95,098,519     74,419,458     59,043,235    48,885,159       13,634,361



                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025       219
      Definitions and Glossary


      “Articles of Association”      the Articles of Association of the Company currently in force


      “associate(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “Board”                        the board of directors of the Company


      “Chengdu Company”              CALB (Chengdu) Co., Ltd.*(中創新航科技(成都)有限公司), a company established under
                                     the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 29 May 2021 and owned as to 51% by our
                                     Company and 49% by Chengdu Heavy Industry Longjin, a direct non-wholly owned
                                     subsidiary of our Company


      “Company”, “CALB”,             CALB Group Co., Ltd.(中創新航科技集團股份有限公司), H Shares of which are listed on
        “we” or “us”                 the Stock Exchange with stock code of 3931


      “connected person(s)”          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “connected transaction(s)”     has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “continuing connected          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules
        transaction(s)”


      “controlling shareholder(s)”   has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


      “Director(s)”                  the director(s) of the Company


      “Domestic Share(s)”            ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                     each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi


      “Fujian Company”               CALB (Fujian) Co., Ltd.*(中創新航科技(福建)有限公司), a company established under
                                     the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 22 February 2022 and owned as to 51%
                                     by our Company and 49% by Xiamen Industrial Investment, a direct non-wholly owned
                                     subsidiary of our Company


      “Group”                        the Company and its subsidiaries


      “H Share(s)”                   the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal
                                     value of RMB1.00 each, which are traded in Hong Kong dollars and listed on the Main
                                     Board of the Stock Exchange


      “H Share Shareholder(s)”       holder(s) of H Shares




220   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                   Definitions and Glossary




“Hefei Company”                  CALB (Hefei) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(合肥)有限公司), a company established under
                                 the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 25 September 2021 in which our Company
                                 is entitled to exercise more than 50% of the voting rights, a direct non wholly-owned
                                 subsidiary of our Company


“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Independent Third Party(ies)”   any entity(ies) or person(s) who, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief
                                 of the Directors, is/are not a connected person(s) of the Company within the meaning
                                 ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


“Jiangmen Company”               CALB (Jiangmen) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江門)有限公司), a company established
                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 23 February 2022 and owned as to
                                 63.7% by our Company and 36.3% by Jiangmen City Haina New Energy Investment
                                 Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (江門市海納新能源投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a direct
                                 non-wholly owned subsidiary of our Company


“Jiangsu Company”                CALB (Jiangsu) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航科技(江蘇)有限公司), a company established under
                                 the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 23 June 2021, a direct wholly owned
                                 subsidiary of our Company


”Jiangsu Research Institute”     CALB Technology Co., Ltd.* (中創新航技術研究院(江蘇)有限公司), a company
                                 established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 11 November 2016, a
                                 direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Jincheng Technology”            Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇金城科
                                 技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                 liability on 7 December 2015 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding, a connected person
                                 of the Company


“Jinhang Holding”                Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金航控股有限公司), a company established
                                 under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 2 March 2022, which is owned as
                                 to 40% by Jincheng Technology, 30% by Cai Dongze (蔡東澤), an Independent Third
                                 Party, 12.5% by Nanjing Ruiguan Enterprise Management Centre (Limited Partnership)*
                                 ( 南京瑞冠企業管理中心 ( 有限合夥 ) ) , 12.5% b y W u x i F e n g s h e n g h u i E n t e r p r i s e
                                 Management Partnership Business (Limited Partnership)* (無錫豐晟匯企業管理合夥企業
                                 (有限合夥))and 5% by Jiangsu Fengchuang Environmental Energy Co., Ltd.* (江蘇楓創
                                 環保能源有限公司), an Independent Third Party. Jinhang Holding is a connected person
                                 of our Company




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025      221
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Jinsha Investment”      Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.*(常州金沙科技投資有限公司), a
                               company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 4 May 2008
                               and wholly owned by Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Group”           namely Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International,
                               Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding


      “Jintan Holding”         Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.*(江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司), a company
                               established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16 September 2014
                               and wholly owned by the Government of Jintan District, a connected person of the
                               Company


      “Jintan Hualuogeng”      Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.*(江蘇金壇華
                               羅庚科技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                               limited liability on 12 December 2014 and owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding and
                               10% by Changzhou Investment Group Co., Ltd.*(常州投資集團有限公司), respectively,
                               a connected person of the Company


      “Jintan International”   Jiangsu Jintan National Development International Investment Development Co., Ltd.*
                               (江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the
                               PRC with limited liability on 16 December 2010 and exercising its voting rights in our
                               Shares in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding, a connected person of our
                               Company


      “Jinyuan Investment”     Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.*(廈門金圓投資集團有限公司), a company
                               established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 July 2011 and wholly
                               owned by Finance Bureau of Xiamen City* (廈門市財政局), one of our Pre-IPO Investors
                               and Substantial Shareholders


      “Lihang Jinzhi”          Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)*(廈門鋰航金智
                               股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership established under the laws
                               of the PRC on 29 July 2019 whose general partner is Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment,
                               one of our Pre-IPO Investors, a connected person of our Company


      “Listing Rules”          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


      “Luoyang Company”        China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.*(中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司), a
                               company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 14 September
                               2009, which is owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and 49% by Jinhang
                               Holding, and a connected person of our Company




222   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                                    Definitions and Glossary




“Materials Company”             Li Ding Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (立鼎材料科技(四川)有限公司) (formerly known as
                                CALB Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (中創新航材料科技(四川)有限公司), and renamed Li
                                Ding Materials (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.* (立鼎材料科技(四川)有限公司) on 17 March 2026),
                                a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 26 January
                                2022, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Model Code”                    Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers


“PRC” or “China”                the People’s Republic of China


“Prospectus”                    the prospectus of the Company dated 23 September 2022


“Reporting Period”              from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2025


“RMB”                           Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“SFO”                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


“Share(s)”                      ordinary share(s) in the issued capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00
                                each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)


“Shareholder(s)”                shareholders of the Company


“Shenzhen Research Institute”   CALB Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.*(中創新航技術研究中心(深圳)有限公司), a
                                company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 28 May 2021,
                                a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company


“Sichuan Company”               CALB (Sichuan) Co., Ltd.*(中創新航科技(四川)有限公司), a company established under
                                the laws of the PRC on 2 April 2022 and owned as to 63.5% by our Company and
                                36.5% by Meishan City Industrial Development Investment Guidance Fund Center
                                (Limited Partnership)*(眉山市產業發展投資引導基金中心(有限合夥))


“Stock Exchange”                The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“subsidiary(ies)”               has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


“Supervisor(s)”                 the supervisor(s) of the Company


“treasury shares”               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025    223
      Definitions and Glossary




      “Wuhan Company”                  CALB (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.*(中創新航科技(武漢)有限公司), a company established under
                                       the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2021 and owned as to 59.3155%
                                       by our Company and 40.6845% by Wuhan Jingkai Investment Co., Ltd., a direct non-
                                       wholly owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Xiamen Company”                 CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.*(中創新航新能源(廈門)有限公司), a company established
                                       under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2019 and a direct wholly-
                                       owned subsidiary of our Company


      “Xiamen Industrial Investment”   Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司), a company
                                       established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 August 2014 and
                                       wholly owned by Jinyuan Investment, one of our Pre-IPO Investors and Substantial
                                       Shareholders


      “%”                              percent




224   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
  CALB Group Co., Ltd.
