中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
CALB Group Co., Ltd.
(A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)
Stock Code: 3931



We have committed to the development, innovation and technological
leadership in the new energy field, continued to build the healthy
ecosystem of the new energy industry, and effectively fulfilled our
responsibilities of energy security and sustainable development for
human beings.




2025
INTERIM REPORT
Contents
CORPORATE INFORMATION                                     2
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS                        3
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER INFORMATION               20
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS       27
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND   28
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION   29
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY    31
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS           32
NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL            33
 STATEMENTS
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY                                 54
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                         REGISTERED OFFICE
    Executive Directors                        No. 1
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman of the Board    Jiangdong Avenue
     and General Manager)                      Jintan District
    Mr. Dai Ying                               Changzhou City
                                               Jiangsu Province
    Non-executive Directors
    Ms. HU Jing                                HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE IN
    Mr. LI Jiancun                             THE PRC
    Ms. XIE Jieping
                                               No. 1

    Independent Non-executive Directors        Jiangdong Avenue
                                               Jintan District
    Mr. Wu Guangquan
                                               Changzhou City
    Mr. Wang Susheng
                                               Jiangsu Province
    Mr. Chen Zetong

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                            PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. Wang Susheng (Chairman)
                                               HONG KONG
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                           40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre
    Mr. Chen Zetong                            No. 248 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai
                                               Hong Kong
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Wu Guangquan (Chairman)                H SHARE REGISTRAR
    Ms. Liu Jingyu
    Mr. Chen Zetong                            Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                               17/F, Far East Finance Centre
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                       16 Harcourt Road
                                               Hong Kong
    Ms. Liu Jingyu (Chairwoman)
    Mr. Chen Zetong
    Mr. Wu Guangquan                           PRINCIPAL BANKS
                                               China Construction Bank Corporation
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                               Agricultural Bank of China Limited
    Mr. Dai Ying                               Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.
    Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)
                                               Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
                                               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
                                               Industrial Bank Co., Ltd.
    Mr. Dai Ying
    Mr. Cheung Kai Cheong Willie (FCCA, CPA)
                                               STOCK CODE
    AUDITOR                                    3931

    RSM Hong Kong
    29/F, Lee Garden Two                       COMPANY WEBSITE
    28 Yun Ping Road                           www.calb-tech.com
    Causeway Bay
    Hong Kong

2   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                         Management Discussion and Analysis


I.   Industry Landscape
     In the first half of 2025, global renewable energy development showed an accelerating trend of transformation, with
     the installed capacity of clean energy continuing to expand. The rapid development of the EV battery and energy
     storage battery markets, driven by the synergistic advancement of multiple technological approaches, is providing
     sustained momentum for global low-carbon economic growth.


     1.     EV battery market
            The vigorous development of the new energy vehicle industry has injected core growth momentum into the
            global EV battery market, and the EV battery industry has achieved breakthrough development. According
            to SNE Research, global sales of new energy vehicles in the first half of 2025 reached 9.469 million units,
            representing a year-on-year increase of 31.8%; the growth in new energy vehicle sales directly drove an
            expansion in demand for EV batteries, with global EV battery installations reaching 504.4GWh in the first
            half of 2025, representing a year-on-year growth rate of 37.3%.


            China, as the world’s largest new energy vehicle market, is witnessing a high-speed development of the EV
            battery industry alongside the continued high-speed growth in the scale of the new energy vehicle market.
            According to the data from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the sales of new energy vehicles
            in China reached 6.937 million units in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 40.3%,
            with a market share of 44.3%. Among them, sales of new energy commercial vehicles reached 402,000
            units, representing a year-on-year increase of 66.5%. According to data from the China Automotive Battery
            Innovation Alliance, in the first half of 2025, China’s cumulative EV battery installations reached 299.6GWh,
            representing a cumulative year-on-year increase of 47.3%.


            In the European market, according to the data from European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association
            (ACEA), in the first half of 2025, sales of pure electric vehicles in EU countries reached approximately
            869,000 units, accounting for a market share of 15.6%, representing a year-on-year increase of 22%.
            In the US market, sales of new energy vehicles in the US reached 607,000 units in the first half of 2025,
            representing a year-on-year increase of 1.5%, according to a report released by Kelley Blue Book, a subsidiary
            of the market research firm, Cox Automotive.




                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025     3
    Management Discussion and Analysis




           2.     Energy storage market
                  The global energy storage market continued to expand in the first half of 2025, with emerging regions
                  contributing significantly to growth. According to InfoLink, cumulative shipments of energy storage cells in
                  the global energy storage market reached 240.2GWh in the first half of 2025, representing a year-on-year
                  increase of 106.1%, and those cumulative shipments are expected to reach 460.0GWh by the end of 2025.


                  In the Chinese market, driven by the liberalization of the electricity market, the application scenarios for
                  energy storage are continuously expanding. According to the statistics from the China Energy Storage
                  Alliance, as of the first half of 2025, the cumulative installed capacity of new energy storage projects which
                  have been put into operation in China was 101.3GW/240.3GWh, representing a year-on-year increase of
                  110%/123%. The newly added operational capacity of new energy storage projects in the first half of 2025
                  was 23.03GW/56.12GWh, with both power capacity and energy capacity increasing by 68% year-on-year.


                  In the European market, countries are accelerating the European energy transition through policies such as
                  tax breaks and subsidies. Countries such as Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are actively tendering
                  for energy storage projects, leading the explosive growth in the Middle East energy storage market. At the
                  same time, demands in Southeast Asia, Latin America, Australia, and other regions have surged.


    II.    Business Review
           As a leading international new energy technology company, the Group is committed to becoming a creator of
           energy value. Adhering to the mission of “transcend commerce to benefit humanity” and the vision of “co-create,
           win together, achieve excellence”, the Group will continue to shape a healthy ecosystem for the new energy sector
           by pioneering innovation and technology leadership, and strive to take on the greatest responsibility in achieving the
           goals of “carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” and the strategic advancement of new energy vehicle and fulfill its
           responsibilities for energy security and sustainable development for humanity.


           During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved revenue of RMB16,418.88 million, representing an increase of
           31.7% compared to the same period last year, and realized a profit of RMB752.99 million during the Reporting
           Period, representing an increase of 80.4% compared to the same period last year. The major business operations are
           as follows:




4   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis




1.   Continuous innovations in product and technology
     The Group leverages its leading technology and product capabilities to support the high-quality development
     of the new energy sector, and insists on taking the needs of end users and customers and social sustainable
     development as the fundamental pursuit of technological development. It is committed to providing users
     with products featuring high safety, high reliability and high performance. Adhering to the technology
     innovation as the driving force, the Group developed top-notch technologies and products through
     continuous innovation to achieve its breakthrough in technological development, continuously boosting the
     core competitiveness of the Group.


     During the Reporting Period, the Group has achieved a series of technological breakthroughs based on the
     key areas of advanced materials, high-performance battery technology, new battery technology, advanced
     manufacturing technology and battery full life cycle management, etc. Meanwhile, focusing on breakthroughs
     in key technologies of all-solid-state batteries, the Group has completed proprietary development of core
     materials such as high-performance solid-state electrolytes, which enabled the energy density of all-solid-
     state silicon-based batteries to reach 430Wh/kg. The Group has completed the construction of production
     lines for all-solid-state batteries, laying a crucial foundation for technology development and subsequent
     industrialization of the all-solid-state batteries. The Group followed the high-quality intellectual property
     rights development strategy which was deeply integrated with the strategy of “consolidating its leadership
     in product and technology”, focused on the high-quality patent portfolio to constantly forge an innovative
     brand power. It has established a patent portfolio in the entire battery industry chain covering battery
     materials, battery structure, system integration, electrical circuits, BMS, manufacturing process equipment
     and battery recycling. As of 30 June 2025, the Group had a total of 4,983 patent applications globally.


     Putting together its own technical capabilities and industrialization strength, the Group constantly pursued
     the high energy density and stable safety performance of EV batteries, launching more competitive new
     products of ternary series and phosphate series. The Group continued to maintain its product leadership by
     devoting its efforts in power energy storage (new energy power generation and power grid), industrial and
     commercial energy storage, household energy storage and other application scenarios.


     Products for passenger vehicle market
     (1)    Ternary EV batteries


            1)     800V 5C medium-nickel high-voltage battery: it can attain 10%-80% charging within 12
                   minutes, and exclusively supports popular models such as XPeng’s new P7 with ultra-long
                   range, helping XPeng’s new P7 create a new world record of driving 3,971km in 24 hours;


            2)     “UP” high-nickel cylindrical battery: the R46 cylindrical battery cell with an energy density of
                   310Wh/kg is now in mass production for leading eVTOL customers in the industry; and


            3)     400W h / k g s o l i d - l i q u i d h y b r i d b a t t e r y : t h e p r o d u c t d e v e l o p m e n t o f a 400W h / k g
                   solid-liquid hybrid battery product has been completed, which is set to achieve mass
                   production.


                                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025            5
    Management Discussion and Analysis




                 (2)       Phosphate series EV batteries

                           1)     “UP” lithium iron cylindrical battery: the high-power LFP R46 large cylindrical battery, launched
                                  as a platform product for the hybrid electronic market, is the first in the industry to achieve
                                  mass production and has successfully integrated into the latest hybrid models of Geely,
                                  Dongfeng and other companies.


                           2)     800V 5C super-charged LFP battery: it can attain 10%-80% charging within 12 minutes and is
                                  compatible with both pure electric and hybrid vehicle applications. The battery to support the
                                  mass production of Xpeng’s new models in the fourth quarter of 2025 is the world’s first 5C
                                  super-charged lithium iron extended-range battery; and


                           3)     Next-generation lithium manganese iron phosphate battery product: this battery achieves an
                                  energy density exceeding 210Wh/kg and can attain 10%-80% charging within 15 minutes. It
                                  has been validated in vehicles.


                  Products for commercial vehicle market
                  We have established a comprehensive product matrix architecture for “ZHIYUAN” batteries, covering all
                  scenarios, all applications, and all capabilities. This architecture encompasses a full range of commercial
                  vehicle models, including mini vans, medium-sized vans, large vans, mini trucks, small trucks, light trucks,
                  buses, heavy trucks, and construction machinery. It is designed to address customers’ core needs and build
                  robust product capabilities.


                  (1)      In terms of light commercial vehicle: in the urban distribution market, we are developing a passenger-
                           commercial vehicle integrated charging platform product that can attain 20%-80% charging within
                           18 minutes, improve space utilization by 10%, effectively enhance charging efficiency and cargo
                           capacity, and significantly improve customer satisfaction. It is expected to achieve mass delivery in the
                           first half of 2026. In the inter-city logistics market, we are the first in the industry to offer a 134KWh
                           single-pack high-capacity solution with a range exceeding 350km. It has achieved mass production.
                           In the bus market, we completed the iterations for standard containers, covering 90-600KWh power
                           requirements and adapting to 8-16m public bus models. Mass production is expected to begin in the
                           second half of 2025; and




6   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis




(2)   In terms of heavy commercial vehicle: the scenario-based power consumption design has been
      achieved. In the short-distance transportation market, we offered a flexible combination of 100KWh
      standard containers, covering 200-600KWh of power, and have achieved stable batch delivery. In
      the trunk logistics market, a 200KWh bottom-mounted battery solution is equipped to significantly
      improve driving range. It is expected to achieve mass production in the first half of 2026. The
      development of 33KWh fast-charging battery pack for hybrid hydrogen fuel heavy-duty trucks has
      been completed, effectively addressing the issue of insufficient hydrogen refueling infrastructure in
      the market. Mass delivery is expected to begin in the second half of 2025. The 800V 5C ultra-fast
      charging heavy-duty truck battery system can effectively solve charging anxiety issues and significantly
      improve operational efficiency. It is expected to be launched on the market in 2026. We successfully
      developed a layered (CTB) battery system with a minimalist design and innovative structure,
      which boasts full power coverage of 284-426KWh, and is suitable for harsh working conditions in
      construction machinery. Mass production is expected to begin in the first half of 2026.


Products for energy storage market
(1)   For power energy storage application scenario:


      1)     The 314Ah battery cell product has achieved large-scale, stable delivery, earning high
             recognition from customers for both the product and delivery capabilities. The 314Ah second-
             generation long-cycle energy storage cell can achieve an ultra-long service life of 15,000 cycles
             and high energy efficiency of over 96%, while achieving zero degradation in the first 1,000
             cycles;


      2)     The 392Ah energy storage cell is the best solution for 6.25MWh containers in the industry and
             has taken the lead in achieving stable bulk delivery;


      3)     The next-generation “ZHIJIU” of 600Ah+ large energy storage cells boast an energy density
             exceeding 440Wh/L, enabling a discharge capacity of 6.8MWh or above for a standard
             20ft container and supporting 2,000V high-voltage systems, which can improve the energy
             efficiency of power plants by 0.5 percentage point and reduce the levelized cost of energy by
             8% over the entire life cycle, significantly improving the return on investment of power plants.
             The product will achieve mass production in the fourth quarter of 2025; and


      4)     The new generation “ZHIJIU” of 588Ah large energy storage cells deliver an ultra-long lifespan
             of 10,000 cycles and maintain energy efficiency above 96.5%, achieving comprehensive
             improvements in core indicators such as safety and reliability, lifetime degradation, system
             efficiency and energy density, and greatly improving the overall revenue of power plants. The
             product will achieve mass production by the end of the fourth quarter of 2025.




                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025     7
    Management Discussion and Analysis




                  (2)      For industrial and commercial energy storage application scenario: we launched a 261KWh liquid-
                           cooled outdoor energy storage cabinet product, with the area energy density increasing from
                           153KWh/㎡ to an industry-leading 200KWh/㎡, significantly saving floor space. The product is
                           equipped with a self-developed energy management system (EMS) that integrates advanced AI
                           algorithms and a big data platform to achieve efficient, safe, and intelligent energy management.
                           It has an ultra-long service life of 15 years, significantly increasing owner returns. The product
                           solution is highly scalable, supporting flexible configurations ranging from 100KWh to 2MWh to
                           meet diverse needs. This series of products has begun mass production and is being deployed in
                           various applications, including enterprises, industrial parks, photovoltaic storage and charging, data
                           centers, airports, and more. It has been expanded to include solutions for complex scenarios such
                           as photovoltaic storage and charging in Europe, and is suitable for industrial and commercial energy
                           storage markets of various scales and application scenarios in markets such as the United States,
                           Europe, and Japan. And


                  (3)      For household energy storage application scenario: we launched household storage products and
                           complete solutions. The product can achieve 2.7-15KWh full coverage, with an energy density of up
                           to 140Wh/L, saving 40% of installation space, extending battery life by 15%, boasting more than
                           98% energy conversion efficiency, increasing annual power generation by 5% to 8%, and reducing
                           TCO (Total Cost of Ownership) by more than 20% over 10 years. The product features OTA (Over-
                           The-Air) remote upgrade functionality, reducing the cost of operational and maintenance by 60%.
                           It delivers a new system architecture for household energy storage, offering a DC/DC solution
                           that enables “more efficient power generation, safer operation, more compact deployment, and
                           longer-term benefits”. This solution can provide core foundational support for global home energy
                           management. The product application covers different system architectures, including low-voltage
                           DC systems, high-voltage DC systems, and DC-AC integrated systems. We have formed strategic
                           partnerships with numerous domestic and international clients, and our products are now being
                           shipped in bulk to countries such as the United Kingdom, Turkey, Germany, France, Portugal, and
                           Chile.


                  Products for ship market
                  Our products cover a wide range of ship types, from small passenger ships to container ships, and provide
                  power coverage ranging from KWh to MWh. The dedicated battery cells for ships have obtained CCS
                  certification and overseas ABS and RINA certificates. The second-generation marine system has a 40%
                  increase in battery cell capacity, a 10% increase in system energy density, and a 50% increase in lifespan,
                  leading the industry in performance. Considering the extreme application scenarios of ships, we adopt a
                  Lego-type design concept to adapt to the needs of various ship structures, and improve the space utilization
                  rate of ship compartments, in order to meet the needs of more markets and customers, and help to
                  implement our international strategy.




8   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis




2.   Accelerating the implementation of all-scenario business layout
     In the first half of 2025, the Group continued to scale up each of its business segments to achieve sustained
     and rapid development. In the first half of 2025, the Group’s installed capacity of EV batteries increased
     by 22.7% year-on-year to 21.8GWh, ranking fourth globally and third domestically, with monthly installed
     capacity reaching 4.7GWh. The Group’s shipments of energy storage cells in the first half of 2025 achieved a
     significant growth, ranking fourth globally.


     Passenger vehicle market: the Group’s domestic market share hit new highs, with a monthly
     market share reaching 7.4% in June 2025 and 8.25% in July 2025, according to the data from
     China Automotive Battery Innovation Alliance. In terms of customer development, we entered
     into Toyota, Volkswagen and Hyundai automotive groups, secured nominations of multiple next-
     generation platform projects, and accelerated our global market deployment.


     (1)    In the field of pure electric vehicle: for mid and high end vehicles, the 800V high-voltage platform 5C
            ultra-fast charging battery has achieved monthly sales of more than 20,000 units. For international
            OEM brands, the Group successfully supported the mass production of Toyota BZ3X, which has
            smoothly advanced the battery mass production preparations for multiple models from Xpeng, ONVO,
            Leapmotor, Audi, and BAIC, laying a solid foundation for record-breaking sales in the second half of
            the year;


     (2)    In the hybrid field: our installed capacity continued to experience rapid growth, and we accelerated
            cooperation with Geely, Leapmotor and Changan on new hybrid projects to further increase
            penetration rates. The Group successfully supported the mass production of multiple hybrid models
            for customers such as Chery, Dongfeng, and BAIC, while securing supply agreements for over 10 new
            hybrid models; and


     (3)    International market: we entered into Toyota, Volkswagen and Hyundai automotive groups, and the
            delivery volume steadily increased and the types of delivered products became increasingly diversified.


     Commercial vehicle market: according to data from the China Automotive Battery Innovation
     Alliance, the Group’s domestic commercial vehicle installed capacity in the first half of the year
     increased by 310% year-on-year, with monthly commercial vehicle installed capacity ranking among
     the top three in the industry, and market share significantly increasing. At the same time, the
     number of new automotive models that the Group supported increased rapidly, declaring more
     than 230 new models, a 33% increase as compared with the same period last year, and achieving
     comprehensive coverage of models in all areas.




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025     9
     Management Discussion and Analysis




                   (1)      In the light commercial vehicle field: the Group has established in-depth collaborations with customers
                            such as Chery, Geely, Ruichi, Foton, Dongfeng, Changan, and King Long, continuously increasing user
                            penetration. We are the first in the industry to launch a million-kilometer customized product for light
                            trucks, significantly improving the quality assurance of battery systems, effectively enhancing product
                            competitiveness in the market, gaining industry recognition, and improving customer satisfaction.


                   (2)      In the heavy truck field: the Group has partnered with customers such as Sinotruk, XCMG, SANY,
                            Shaanxi Automobile, Jiefang, Dongfeng, Lingong, and Liugong in terms of tractors, dump trucks,
                            mixer trucks, specialized vehicles, and construction machinery, achieving full-spectrum collaboration.
                            And


                   (3)      International market: the Group became the designated partner of Turkey’s largest bus/coach
                            manufacturer; achieved mass production for the world’s leading mining transport vehicle projects and
                            France’s rail transit projects.


                   Energy storage market: the Group’s shipments in the first half of the year achieved a significant
                   growth. We became a leader in China in terms of power plant operational efficiency and
                   profitability. Overseas, we have successfully partnered with the largest power plant projects in
                   Latin America and South Africa, entering the supplier lists of several leading developers and power
                   grid companies, marking a new breakthrough in our overseas power plant business deployment.


                   (1)      The Group deepened strategic cooperation with SPIC, CNNP Rich Energy, China Three Gorges
                            Renewables, China Energy Conservation and Environmental Protection Group, China Energy Group,
                            China Resources Group and China Energy Construction. The Group’s products were adopted by a
                            number of energy storage power station projects, and they have realized the operation and grid
                            connection.


                   (2)      We became a leader in China in terms of power plant operational efficiency and profitability. We have
                            established a profit model by integrating the policies and market mechanisms of different provinces,
                            and adopted various cooperative development models to support the growth of our power station
                            business.


                   (3)      The Group entered into strategic cooperation with leading customers in various fields such as
                            system integrators, wind power and photovoltaic enterprises, and reached equipment framework
                            procurement contracts with multiple system customers, establishing long-term stable supply
                            relationships. Our market share and ranking further improved, making us a core supplier and strategic
                            partner of the leading enterprises in the industry, receiving high recognition from the customers.




10   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis




(4)   While continuing to maintain the influence in the power storage market segment, the Group
      completed its market layout in the industrial and commercial energy storage, household energy
      storage market segment through the launch of full-scenario standardized energy storage products and
      solutions, which laid a solid foundation for the follow-up rapid growth in the energy storage market.
      And


(5)   The Group has made significant breakthroughs in the international market, with products covering
      all dimensions from household storage, commercial and industrial storage to large-scale storage,
      meeting the multi-dimensional needs of customers. As a supplier of second-generation long-cycle
      energy storage cells, we have successfully secured orders for long-cycle energy storage batteries from
      overseas customers. At the same time, as the mainstream products in the market, system products
      such as 5MWh liquid-cooled containers and outdoor energy storage cabinets have achieved mass
      production, delivering industry-leading product performance.


Ship and emerging markets: We successfully delivered the first hybrid vessel project for the world’s
largest oil company and entered the high-end offshore engineering equipment market in the
Middle East. We secured our first international order for a megawatt-level marine battery system
and a batch order for the Singapore Port Electric Ship Berthing Project, achieving breakthroughs in
multiple new regional markets. We are the first in the industry to pass the eVTOL power battery
manufacturing compliance review, achieving large-scale delivery in the low-altitude flight market.
Our solid-state battery project developed in collaboration with top humanoid robot enterprises has
achieved milestone progress. We continued to explore emerging markets such as rail transit and
mining.




                                                                                       INTERIM REPORT 2025     11
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     III.   Future Prospects
            With its strategic goal of global leadership, the Group adheres unwaveringly to the strategy of consolidating its
            leadership in products and technologies. Propelled by a future-oriented R&D layout, we have established a positive
            feedback loop mechanism consisting of “new technology and product development – multi-market application –
            scaled delivery – refined operations – iterative technological upgrades”. Focusing on platform-based products, we
            are building a cross-domain, cross-scenario dynamic storage product matrix to achieve deep synergy in dynamic
            storage business, creating cutting-edge product capabilities across all scenarios. At the same time, the Group
            will continuously explore emerging markets such as rail transit, mining, low-altitude flight and humanoid robot
            by offering high-safety, high-reliability, and high-performance product solutions. The Group will leverage leading
            technology and exceptional service to earn high recognition from clients, leading the industry to new heights.


            In terms of the passenger vehicle market, the Group will complete the deployment and model matching of key
            products in the market, including plug-in hybrid electric vehicles, extended-range electric vehicles, economical pure
            electric vehicles, and mid-to-high-end pure electric vehicles, and the development of new platform projects for
            Xiaomi, Xpeng, Leapmotor, Luxeed, Geely, Changan, Toyota, Volkswagen, Hyundai, etc. is progressing smoothly. The
            Group will continue to iterate and upgrade, optimize resource allocation, and further deepen its global expansion
            strategy guided by leading-edge technology.


            In terms of the commercial vehicle market, the Group will continue to deepen the full-scenario layout of new
            energy commercial vehicles and further increase market share under the influence of policy guidance, technological
            innovation, and market demand. With an aim to ensure stable delivery in the light commercial vehicle sector, we
            will strengthen joint research and development efforts with leading automakers, deepen cooperation, and ensure
            delivery. To achieve rapid growth in the heavy-duty truck sector, we are committed to empowering logistics
            companies with TCO (Total Cost of Ownership), and pioneering new business models. In the engineering field,
            we will make best efforts to achieve new breakthroughs, focusing on breakthroughs in loading sub-scenarios. We
            will seize opportunities in the international market and capitalize on the rapidly growing demand for new energy
            commercial vehicles in the international market. Focusing on the themes of “collaboration, innovation, efficiency,
            and service”, we will comprehensively promote terminal and regional strategies to increase market share.




12   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




In terms of the energy storage market, for the domestic business, the Group will continue to build deeper and
long-term strategic cooperation with power groups, system integrators, and leading enterprises in wind power,
photovoltaic and other segments, so as to ensure that the shipments of energy storage products will achieve
sustained significant growth. The Group will tap deeper into the business chain of new energy power stations and
further leverage its advantages in performance, service and cost to build its brand advantage among power groups,
and turn it into business increments. In addition, the Group will accurately match the market expansion process and
product needs of system integrators, so as to further increase our share in the leading system integrator customers
and double our deliveries to them. On the basis of our established power station business capabilities, we will
participate in the competitive distribution business of independent power stations to become a leader in China in
terms of power station operation efficiency and profitability. In terms of industrial and commercial energy storage,
we will explore diversified business models to achieve a rapid growth in shipments. In terms of the international
market, we will establish comprehensive connections and multi-dimensional cooperation with leading integrators,
developers, and owners in many overseas countries.


In terms of the ship market, the Group will continue to drive technological innovation and deepen cooperation
with domestic mainstream customers. We will accelerate the electrification process in application scenarios such
as sightseeing tourism, inland waterway shipping, and port tugboats. This effort aims to promote the green
transformation of the domestic ship industry while further expanding into international markets to keep up with
the global trend of ship electrification. The Group will provide customized battery system solutions to support the
sustainable development of the global shipping industry.


With its strategic goal of internationalization, the Group will continue to accelerate its strategic internationalization
process. In terms of production capacity, the Thai base has been successfully completed and put into operation,
while construction of the European base officially commenced in the first quarter of 2025. With the steady progress
of the European base, the Group’s international delivery efficiency and capabilities will be further enhanced,
effectively improving the Group’s international competitiveness and international reputation. In terms of supply
chain, the Group will work closely with its existing partners to make innovation and continuously develop new global
cooperation; at the same time, in view of the regional distribution of its global partners, the Group will actively
develop and expand local industrial chain system, striving to build a diversified regional industrial synergy to further
promote the implementation of the “energy+” strategy.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025      13
     Management Discussion and Analysis




     IV.    Financial Review
            Overview
            During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group increased from RMB12,469.24 million for the six months
            ended 30 June 2024 to RMB16,418.88 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of
            31.7%; the profit for the period of the Group increased from RMB417.31 million for the six months ended 30 June
            2024 to RMB752.99 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 80.4%; the basic
            earnings per share of the Group increased from RMB0.1405 for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB0.2629
            for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 87.1%.


            Financial indicators
            The key financial indicators of the Group are set out as follows:


                                                                                            For the six months ended
                                                                                                     30 June
                                                                                                   (unaudited)
            Financial indicator                                                                    2025             2024


            Gross profit margin (%)                                                              17.5%             15.6%
            Net sales margin (%)                                                                   4.6%             3.3%


            The gross profit margin of the Group increased by 1.9 percentage points from 15.6% for the six months ended 30
            June 2024 to 17.5% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.


            The net sales margin of the Group increased by 1.3 percentage points from 3.3% for the six months ended 30 June
            2024 to 4.6% for the six months ended 30 June 2025.




14   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis




Revenue structure
During the Reporting Period, the Group generated revenue from the sales of EV batteries, ESS products and
others. The revenue of the Group increased from RMB12,469.24 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to
RMB16,418.88 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 31.7%. The increase
was mainly due to the scale-up of leading-edge technology products across business sectors, including passenger
vehicles, commercial vehicles, energy storage and marine applications.


1)     Revenue by product

                                                       For the six months ended 30 June (unaudited)
                                                           2025                                 2024
                                                                  Percentage                            Percentage
        Items                                      Revenue         of revenue            Revenue         of revenue
                                                 (RMB’000)                 (%)        (RMB’000)                 (%)


        EV batteries                             10,662,346               64.9         9,723,980               78.0
        ESS products and others                   5,756,532               35.1         2,745,257               22.0


        Total                                    16,418,878              100.0       12,469,237              100.0


       During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the sales of EV batteries of the Group increased by
       9.7% from RMB9,723.98 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB10,662.35 million for the
       six months ended 30 June 2025. The year-on-year increase in the revenue generated from the sales of EV
       batteries was mainly attributable to the rapid growth in sales volume in passenger vehicles and commercial
       vehicles.


       During the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the ESS products and others of the Group
       increased by 109.7% from RMB2,745.26 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB5,756.53
       million for the six months ended 30 June 2025. The strong increase was mainly because the ESS products
       business grew multifold attributable to the Group’s continuous efforts to explore the ESS business sectors.




                                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   15
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            2)     Revenue by geographical location of product delivery

                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June (unaudited)
                                                                       2025                                2024
                                                                               Percentage                          Percentage
                   Items                                       Revenue         of revenue            Revenue       of revenue
                                                             (RMB’000)                 (%)         (RMB’000)              (%)


                   Mainland China                            16,092,451               98.0        12,238,046              98.1
                   Overseas regions                             326,427                 2.0          231,191               1.9


                   Total                                     16,418,878              100.0        12,469,237            100.0


                   During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from Mainland China increased by 31.5% from
                   RMB12,238.05 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB16,092.45 million for the six months
                   ended 30 June 2025. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from overseas regions increased by
                   41.2% from RMB231.19 million for the six months ended 30 June 2024 to RMB326.43 million for the six
                   months ended 30 June 2025. The overall increase of revenue from Mainland China and overseas regions was
                   mainly due to the scale-up of leading-edge technology products across business sectors, including passenger
                   vehicles, commercial vehicles, energy storage and marine applications.


            Financial position
            1)     Assets
                   The total assets of the Group increased from RMB122,473.38 million as at 31 December 2024 to
                   RMB130,540.14 million as at 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 6.6%, among which, non-current
                   assets increased from RMB86,868.00 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB91,887.81 million at 30 June
                   2025, representing an increase of 5.8%. Such increase was mainly due to the additional property, plant and
                   equipment as the Group continued to invest in the projects under construction in existing production bases.
                   Current assets increased from RMB35,605.39 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB38,652.33 million as
                   at 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 8.6%. Such growth was mainly due to an increase in trade
                   receivables and inventories as the Company’s business scale continued to increase.


            2)     Liabilities
                   The total liabilities of the Group increased from RMB74,419.46 million as at 31 December 2024 to
                   RMB81,728.93 million as at 30 June 2025, representing an increase of 9.8%, among which, current liabilities
                   increased from RMB45,584.30 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB50,012.91 million as at 30 June
                   2025, representing an increase of 9.7%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in trade and bills
                   payables, trade financing, etc., as the Company continued to grow its business scale. Non-current liabilities
                   increased from RMB28,835.16 million as at 31 December 2024 to RMB31,716.02 million as at 30 June 2025,
                   representing an increase of 10.0%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in syndicated borrowings
                   for projects and bond payables to meet capital requirements for significant projects.




16   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis




Liquidity and financial resources
The operating cash inflow of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025 amounted to RMB2,557.99 million,
representing an increase of RMB1,303.02 million as compared to RMB1,254.97 million for the six months ended 30
June 2024, which was mainly attributable to the sustained business growth and increase in profit of the Group.


The bank and cash balances (including pledged and restricted bank deposits) of the Group as at 30 June 2025 were
approximately RMB10,977.72 million (31 December 2024: RMB12,435.96 million).


The total borrowings of the Group as at 30 June 2025, including all bank loans and bond payables, amounted to
approximately RMB52,437.29 million (31 December 2024: RMB46,116.38 million). The repayment terms of the
bank loans and bond payables are as follows: approximately RMB22,631.42 million are due within one year and
approximately RMB29,805.87 million are due after one year.


The Group had sufficient liquidity to meet the requirements of its daily liquidity management, repayment of debts
due and capital expenditure.


Capital structure
The financial management department under the Group is responsible for its financial risk management, aiming
to ensure that the liquidity structure of the assets, liabilities and other commitments of the Group could meet its
funding needs on an ongoing basis.


The borrowings of the Group were mainly settled in Renminbi, while its cash and cash equivalents were mainly held
in Renminbi, Euro, U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Thailand baht. The Group planned to maintain an appropriate
portfolio of equity and debt during the period to ensure an effective capital structure. As at 30 June 2025, the
outstanding loans of the Group were RMB-denominated loans with approximately 7.6% of these outstanding loans
bearing interest at fixed rates and the remainder at floating rates.


The Group monitored the capital structure by using the liability-to-asset ratio (i.e. total liabilities divided by total
assets) and the gearing ratio (i.e. net debt divided by equity), with its policies to maintain financial stability and
support the sustainable, healthy and rapid development of the Group’s business. Net debt includes bond payables,
lease liabilities, interest-bearing bank and other borrowings and financial guarantee and is net of cash and cash
equivalents, with equity being total equity. The liability-to-asset ratio of the Group as at 30 June 2025 was 62.6%
(31 December 2024: 60.8%), and the gearing ratio was 90.7% (31 December 2024: 77.5%). The increase in
the liability-to-asset ratio and the gearing ratio was mainly due to the increased bank borrowings to address the
funding needs for the Company’s sustainable business growth and investment in significant projects. The Group has
maintained its financial stability amidst rapid business development.




                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025      17
     Management Discussion and Analysis




            Foreign exchange risk
            The business operations of our Group are principally located in Mainland China and most of its transactions are
            conducted in Renminbi, therefore the Group’s foreign currency exposure is minimal. Except for certain bank balances
            which are denominated in Euro, U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Thailand baht and other foreign currencies, most
            of the assets and liabilities are denominated in Renminbi. During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience
            any material difficulties or impact on its operations or liquidity as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
            The Group believes that the Group will have sufficient foreign currencies to meet its foreign exchange needs and
            will take effective measures such as natural hedging to manage foreign exchange risks.


            Capital expenditure
            During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditures of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2025
            amounted to RMB7,417.70 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB7,815.55 million), which were
            mainly used for the construction of production facilities and the upgrade of existing machinery and equipment. The
            capital expenditures of the Group were mainly funded by the Group’s own funds, bank borrowings, issuance of
            bonds as well as cash inflow from the operating activities of the Group.


            Capital commitments
            During the Reporting Period, the capital commitments of the Group were mainly related to the acquisition of
            property, plant and equipment. The total of capital expenditures contracted but not incurred as at 30 June 2025
            was RMB10,715.73 million (31 December 2024: RMB14,620.08 million).


            Restricted assets
            As at 30 June 2025, the Group had restricted assets with a total carrying amount of RMB15,618.45 million
            for obtaining bank loans and other bank facilities. These assets include pledged and restricted bank deposits
            of RMB2,680.18 million, other financial assets of RMB1,300.00 million, property, plant and equipment of
            RMB10,768.67 million and right-of-use assets of RMB869.60 million.


            Significant investments held
            As of 30 June 2025, the Group did not hold any significant investments.


            Future plans for significant investments and capital assets
            As of 30 June 2025, the Group did not have any plans for significant external investments and capital assets.




18   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis




Material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries and associates
On 6 May 2025, the Company entered into the Share Transfer Agreement and the Voting Rights Waiver Agreement
with Mr. Li Hongqing (the “Vendor”), the de facto controller of Jiangsu Olive Sensors High-tech Corporation
Limited* (江蘇奧力威傳感高科股份有限公司) (“Olive Sensors” or the “Target Company”), pursuant to which the
Company has conditionally agreed to acquire, and the Vendor has conditionally agreed to sell, 87,620,380 A shares
of the Target Company (the “Acquisition”). The price of the Target Shares for the Acquisition was RMB5.83 per
Target Share. The consideration for the Acquisition shall be RMB510,826,815.40 in total. Concurrently, the Vendor
has agreed to give up its voting rights attached to a portion of shares held by him in the Target Company, totaling
155,725,311 A shares, during the Waiver Period. Immediately after the completion of the Acquisition and the voting
rights waiver, and the adjustment to the composition of the board of directors of the Target Company as stipulated
in the Share Transfer Agreement, the Target Company will become a subsidiary of the Company, and the financial
results of the Target Company will be consolidated into the Company’s consolidated financial statements.


On 6 May 2025, the Company entered into the Placement Subscription Agreement with the Target Company,
pursuant to which the Company has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Target Company has conditionally
agreed to allot and issue to the Company, up to 119,482,337 Placement A Shares (the “Subscription”) at the
subscription price of RMB5.63 per Placement A Share. The total amount of the Subscription shall not exceed
RMB672,685,557.31.


The Acquisition and the voting rights waiver constitute an indivisible whole and are not conditional upon the
Subscription, while the Subscription is subject to and conditional upon the implementation of the Acquisition and
the voting rights waiver. For further details regarding the Acquisition and the Subscription, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated 6 May 2025 and the circular dated 18 June 2025. As of the date of this report, the
Acquisition and the Subscription have not yet been completed.


Save as disclosed above, during the Reporting Period, the Group had no material acquisitions or disposals of
subsidiaries and associates.


Contingent liabilities
Details of contingent liabilities are set out in note 23 to the condensed consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   19
     Corporate Governance and Other Information


     Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
     The Group is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance and strives to comply with the code
     provisions (the “Code Provisions”) as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) in Appendix
     C1 to the Listing Rules.


     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company had complied with all applicable Code Provisions of the CG Code,
     save for the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, which stipulates that the roles of chairman and general
     manager should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.


     Ms. Liu Jingyu is the chairwoman and general manager of the Company. The Directors believe that vesting the roles of both
     chairwoman and general manager in the same person is beneficial to ensure consistent leadership within the Group and
     enable the Group to formulate overall strategic planning more effectively and efficiently. The Directors also believe that
     the current arrangement will not impair the balance of duties and authorities and the structure will enable the Company
     to make decisions and implement them in a timely and effective manner. Under the leadership of Ms. Liu Jingyu, the Board
     works effectively and performs its responsibilities to discuss all important and appropriate issues in a timely manner. In
     addition, as all major decisions are made in consultation with members of the Board and the relevant Board committees,
     and there are three independent non-executive Directors on the Board offering independent views, the Board is therefore
     of the view that there are adequate safeguards in place to ensure sufficient balance of powers within the Board. The Board
     shall nevertheless review the structure and composition of the Board from time to time in light of prevailing circumstances,
     to maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.


     The Board will continue to review the effectiveness of the Company’s governance structure to assess whether it is necessary
     to separate the responsibilities of the chairman and general manager.


     Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors and
     Supervisors
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its code of conduct regarding
     securities transactions of the Company by the Directors and supervisors. Having made specific enquiries to all the Directors
     and supervisors, the Directors and supervisors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the
     Reporting Period.




20   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                       Corporate Governance and Other Information




Audit Committee Reviews Interim Results
The Company has established the Audit Committee (the “Audit Committee”) with written terms of reference in
compliance with Rules 3.21 and 3.22 of the Listing Rules and Code Provision D.3.3 of the CG Code. The Audit Committee
consists of three independent non-executive Directors including Mr. Wang Susheng, Mr. Wu Guangquan and Mr. Chen
Zetong, and is currently chaired by Mr. Wang Susheng with appropriate professional qualifications as required under Rules
3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee has reviewed the accounting policies adopted by the Group together
with the management. The Audit Committee has also discussed matters relating to risk management, internal control,
review of the appointment of auditors, auditors’ remuneration and financial reporting. The Audit Committee has reviewed
and agreed on the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial information for the Reporting Period.


Employees and Remuneration Policy
The Company implements the “Culture and Talent Strategy”, advocates the core values of sincerity, efficiency and win-
win cooperation, respects and cultivates people, provides a development platform for willing and capable employees,
and earnestly performs social responsibilities. The Company has established a comprehensive remuneration and benefit
management system, and implemented a remuneration and benefit system featuring both external competitiveness
and internal fairness. The Company has established a fair and transparent promotion platform for employees, which
comprehensively analyses employees’ values, performance, competency and potential for promotion, and assesses their
comprehensive abilities and development potential to match the Company’s development needs. The Company has
established a salary adjustment system that is externally competitive, internally fair, and individually balanced to maximize
the potential of the team and individuals. The Company comprehensively evaluates the achievement of the operational
targets on the company level and the performance targets on the department level as well as the achievement of the labor
cost targets of each system, then distributes the bonuses according to the employees’ performance contributions. The
Company continues to optimize and promote the talent incentive plan, and establishes a hierarchical and classified incentive
system for different employee categories, further enhancing their sense of belonging, accomplishment and honor and
achieving mutual growth of the employees and the Company. As at 30 June 2025, the total number of employees of the
Group was 10,080.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Listed Securities of the Company
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any
of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares as defined in the Listing Rules). As of the end of the
Reporting Period, the Company did not hold treasury shares.


Interim Dividend
The Board has resolved neither to recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025,
nor to convert capital reserve to share capital or make other forms of distribution.




                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025     21
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Events after the Reporting Period
     Completion of H Share full circulation by the Company
     On 14 April 2025, the Board of the Company has considered and approved the proposed implementation of the conversion
     of 149,831,290 Domestic Shares of the Company held by certain shareholders of the Company into H Share of the
     Company (the “H Share Full Circulation”). As of the date of this report, the Company has obtained all the relevant
     approvals, including the filing notice from the CSRC for the implementation of the H Share Full Circulation and the listing
     approval from the Stock Exchange in respect of the conversion of H Shares, and 149,831,290 Domestic Shares were
     converted into H Shares on 4 September 2025. Such Converted H Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange commencing
     at 9:00 a.m. on 5 September 2025. Upon completion of the Conversion and Listing, the total number of issued shares
     of the Company comprises 1,010,802,463 Domestic Shares and 761,499,395 H Shares. For details, please refer to the
     announcements of the Company dated 14 April 2025, 14 August 2025, 19 August 2025 and 4 September 2025.


     After due and careful consideration, our Directors confirm that, save for the above disclosures, there has been no material
     adverse change in financial or trading position or prospects of the Company since 30 June 2025 to the date of this report.


     Legal Proceedings and Compliance
     The Group may be involved in various legal proceedings, arbitrations or litigations in the ordinary course of business
     from time to time. Save as disclosed in this report and during the Reporting Period, the Group was not involved in any
     legal proceedings, arbitration or litigation which, in our opinion, would have a material adverse effect on the ordinary
     business, financial condition or results of operations and, to our knowledge, there is no risk of any such legal proceedings,
     arbitrations or administrative litigations.


     Change of Particulars of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
     During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and up to the date of this report, there has been no change in the information
     which was required to be disclosed by the Directors, Supervisors and members of the senior management pursuant to Rule
     13.51B (1) of the Listing Rules.


     Transaction, Arrangement or Contract of Significance
     Save as disclosed in this report, at any time during the six months ended 30 June 2025, no transaction, arrangement or
     contract of significance, to which the Company, or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director, a Supervisor
     or any entity in connection with any Director or Supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted
     at the end of the period or at any time during the period.




22   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                               Corporate Governance and Other Information




Directors, Supervisors and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in the
Shares, Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company and Its Associated
Corporations
As at 30 June 2025, the long positions and short positions in Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our Company
or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of
our Company have or are taken or deemed to have (a) which shall be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in
the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if they applied to the Supervisors)
are as follows:


                                                                                                         Percentage of
                                                                                                         shareholdings        Percentage of
 Name of Directors,                                                                                        in respective      shareholdings
 Supervisors or chief                            Nature of       Class of                Number of        class of share         in the total
 executive                   Position            interests       shares held          shares held(1)             capital(2) share capital(3)




 Liu Jingyu                  Executive           Beneficial      Domestic
                             director            owner           Shares                    2,002,265               0.17%                0.11%
 Dai Ying                    Executive           Beneficial      Domestic
                             director            owner           Shares                    1,196,820               0.10%                0.07%


Notes:

(1)      All interests above represent long positions.

(2)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective classes of shares as at 30 June 2025 (i.e.
         1,160,633,753 Domestic Shares and 611,668,105 H Shares).

(3)      The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares, being 1,772,301,858 shares, as at 30 June 2025.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, none of our Directors, Supervisors or chief executive of our Company had
or was taken or deemed to have the long positions and short positions in Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of our
Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) (a) which shall be notified to us and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO; or (b) which will be required pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) which shall be required to be notified to us and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code (for this purpose, the relevant provisions of the SFO will be interpreted as if
they applied to the Supervisors).




                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025        23
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders and Other Persons in
     the Shares and Underlying Shares of the Company
     As at 30 June 2025, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the following persons (other than Directors, Supervisors or
     the chief executive of the Company) had the interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which shall be
     notified to us and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or which will be required to be
     recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                  Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                                  shareholdings     shareholdings
                                                                                                                   in respective           in the
                                                       Nature of             Class of              Number of      class of share      total share
     Name of Shareholders                              Interests             shares              shares held(1)        capital(2)        capital(3)


     Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Beneficial owner                 Domestic Shares    172,255,431(L)        14.84%(L)          9.72%(L)
       Co., Ltd.* (“Jinsha Investment”)          (7)
                                                       Interest in controlled Domestic Shares     8,642,400(L)         0.74%(L)          0.49%(L)
                                                       corporation
                                                       Beneficial owner      H Shares            79,874,850(L)        13.06%(L)          4.51%(L)
     Changzhou Huake Engineering                       Beneficial owner      H Shares            55,897,277(L)         9.14%(L)          3.15%(L)
       Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake
       Engineering”)(7)
     Changzhou Huake Technology Investment Beneficial owner                  Domestic Shares     77,785,163(L)         6.70%(L)          4.39%(L)
       Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Investment”)(7)
     Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology              Interest in controlled Domestic Shares   120,546,199(L)        10.39%(L)          6.80%(L)
       Industry Development Co., Ltd.*                 corporation
       (“Jintan Hualuogeng”)(4) & (7)                  Interest in controlled H Shares           55,897,277(L)         9.14%(L)          3.15%(L)
                                                       corporation
     Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co.,            Interest in controlled Domestic Shares   301,444,030(L)        25.97%(L)         17.01%(L)
       Ltd.* (“Jintan Holding”)(5) & (6) & (7)         corporation
                                                       Others                Domestic Shares     24,000,000(L)         2.07%(L)          1.35%(L)
                                                       Interest in controlled H Shares          135,772,127(L)        22.20%(L)          7.66%(L)
                                                       corporation
     Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment                   Interest in controlled Domestic Shares    99,306,299(L)         8.56%(L)          5.60%(L)
       Management Co., Ltd.       (8)
                                                       corporation
                                                       Interest in controlled H Shares           42,559,842(L)         6.96%(L)          2.40%(L)
                                                       corporation
     Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment            Beneficial owner      Domestic Shares     99,306,299(L)         8.56%(L)          5.60%(L)
       Partnership (Limited Partnership)*              Beneficial owner      H Shares            42,559,842(L)         6.96%(L)          2.40%(L)
       (“Lihang Jinzhi”)(8)




24   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                      Corporate Governance and Other Information




                                                                                                                       Percentage of     Percentage of
                                                                                                                       shareholdings     shareholdings
                                                                                                                        in respective           in the
                                                       Nature of             Class of                   Number of      class of share      total share
 Name of Shareholders                                  Interests             shares                   shares held(1)        capital(2)        capital(3)


 Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.                Beneficial owner      Domestic Shares          26,306,305(L)         2.27%(L)          1.48%(L)
      (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”)    (9)
                                                       Interest in controlled Domestic Shares         99,306,299(L)         8.56%(L)          5.60%(L)
                                                       corporation
                                                       Interest in controlled H Shares                42,559,842(L)         6.96%(L)          2.40%(L)
                                                       corporation
                                                       Beneficial owner      H Shares                 11,274,130(L)         1.84%(L)          0.64%(L)
 Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co.,                  Beneficial owner      Domestic Shares          26,306,305(L)          2.27%(L)         1.48%(L)
      Ltd. (“Jinyuan Investment”)   (9)
                                                       Interest in controlled Domestic Shares        149,612,604(L)        12.89%(L)          8.44%(L)
                                                       corporation
                                                       Beneficial owner      H Shares                 11,274,130(L)         1.84%(L)          0.64%(L)
                                                       Interest in controlled H Shares                66,616,541(L)        10.89%(L)          3.76%(L)
                                                       corporation
 Sichuan Chengfei Integration Technology Beneficial owner                    Domestic Shares         105,802,107(L)         9.12%(L)          5.97%(L)
      Co., Ltd* (“Chengfei Integration”)        (10)
                                                       Beneficial owner      H Shares                 45,343,760(L)         7.41%(L)          2.56%(L)
 Aviation Industry Corporation of China,               Interest in controlled Domestic Shares        118,627,235(L)        10.22%(L)          6.69%(L)
      Ltd.* (“AVIC”)   (10)
                                                       corporation
                                                       Interest in controlled H Shares                45,343,760(L)         7.41%(L)          2.56%(L)
                                                       corporation
 Guangdong Guangqi Ruidian Equity                      Beneficial owner      Domestic Shares          63,912,844(L)         5.51%(L)          3.61%(L)
      Investment Partnership (Limited
      Partnership)*


Notes:

(1)        (L), (S) and (P) represent long position, short position and lending pool respectively.

(2)        The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number in the respective classes of shares as at 30 June 2025 (i.e.
           1,160,633,753 Domestic Shares and 611,668,105 H Shares).

(3)        The percentages are calculated based on the Company’s total number of the issued shares as at 30 June 2025 (i.e. 1,772,301,858 shares).

(4)        Each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Hualuogeng. Jintan Hualuogeng is deemed to be interested in
           the Shares held by each of Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(5)        Jinsha Investment is wholly owned by Jintan Holding. Jintan Hualuogeng is owned as to 90% by Jintan Holding. Jintan Holding is a state-
           owned enterprise and controlled by the Government of Jintan District. Jintan Holding is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each
           of Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering and Huake Investment under the SFO.

(6)        The investment by Jintan International in our Company was made in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding and Jintan
           International exercises its voting rights in our Company in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding.




                                                                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025      25
     Corporate Governance and Other Information




     (7)    Jinsha Investment, Huake Engineering, Huake Investment, Jintan International, Changzhou Changjin New Energy Partnership (Limited
            Partnership), Jintan Hualuogeng and Jintan Holding are a group of largest Shareholders and directly or indirectly control an aggregate of
            approximately 26.02% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (8)    Lihang Jinzhi is a limited partnership established under the laws of the PRC with Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment Management Co.,
            Ltd.* (廈門鋰航股權投資管理有限公司) being its general partner and Xiamen Industrial Investment being its limited partner. According to
            the partnership agreement of Lihang Jinzhi which provides, among other things, that the investment decision committee of Lihang Jinzhi
            shall comprise three members, of which Xiamen Industrial Investment shall be entitled to nominate two members, and Xiamen Industrial
            Investment exercises de facto control of Lihang Jinzhi. As such, Xiamen Industrial Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
            by Lihang Jinzhi under the SFO. Xiamen Industrial Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore
            Xiamen Industrial Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 10.13% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (9)    Xiamen Industrial Investment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jinyuan Investment and as such Jinyuan Investment is deemed to be interested
            in all the Shares held by Lihang Jinzhi and Xiamen Industrial Investment under the SFO. Moreover, each of Xiamen Jinli No. 2 and Jinli
            Investment owns approximately 1.35% and 0.72% interests in our Company respectively. Xiamen Jinli No. 2 is a limited partnership with
            Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd* (廈門市金圓股權投資有限公司) being its general partner. Xiamen City Jinyuan Equity
            Investment Co., Ltd* is ultimately controlled by Jinyuan Investment. Jinli Investment is a limited partnership with Jinyuan Capital Management
            (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* (金圓資本管理(廈門)有限公司) being its general partner. Jinyuan Capital Management (Xiamen) Co., Ltd* is ultimately
            controlled by Jinyuan Investment. As such, Jinyuan Investment is also deemed to be interested in the Shares held by each of Xiamen Jinli No.
            2 and Jinli Investment under the SFO. Jinyuan Investment directly owns approximately 2.12% interests in our Company and therefore Jinyuan
            Investment directly and indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 14.32% of our Company’s voting rights.

     (10)   Chengfei Integration is a joint stock limited company whose shares are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 002190) and
            ultimately controlled by AVIC. As such, AVIC is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Chengfei Integration under the SFO. Moreover,
            each of Missile Academy, Aviation Investment and Hongdu Airline owns approximately 0.55%, 0.09% and 0.08% interests in our Company
            respectively, and each of the above companies and partnerships is ultimately controlled by AVIC, which is also deemed to be interested in the
            Shares held by such companies and partnerships under the SFO. Therefore, AVIC indirectly controls an aggregate of approximately 9.25% of
            our Company’s voting rights.


     Pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, the Shareholders are required to file disclosure of interests forms when certain criteria
     are fulfilled. When a Shareholder’s shareholding in the Company changes, it is not necessary for the Shareholder to notify
     the Company and the Stock Exchange unless certain criteria are fulfilled, therefore the Shareholder’s latest shareholding in
     the Company may be different to the shareholding filed with the Stock Exchange.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the Directors were not aware of any persons (other than the Directors,
     Supervisors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
     which were required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO, or to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.


     Directors’ and Supervisors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
     Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company or any of its subsidiaries or
     holding companies or any subsidiaries of the Company’s holding companies, a party to any arrangement that would enable
     Directors or Supervisors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
     other body corporate, and none of the Directors or the Supervisors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18
     were granted any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had
     exercised any such right.




26   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                         Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                Profit or Loss
                                                                           For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                           Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                    Note       RMB’000             RMB’000


Revenue                                                              6      16,418,878           12,469,237
Cost of sales                                                              (13,539,998)         (10,521,107)


Gross profit                                                                  2,878,880           1,948,130


Investment and other income                                          7          160,942             145,957
Other losses, net                                                    8         (121,384)            (140,025)
Selling expenses                                                               (368,568)            (204,963)
Administrative expenses                                                        (500,062)            (517,537)
Research and development expenses                                              (859,670)            (542,225)
Impairment losses on trade and bills receivables                                (19,017)             (31,185)
(Impairment losses)/reversal of impairment losses on prepayments,
  deposits and other receivables                                                  (4,523)                 622


Profit from operations                                                        1,166,598             658,774


Finance costs                                                                  (383,121)            (297,536)
Share of profits/(losses) of associates                                              515                 (114)


Profit before tax                                                               783,992             361,124


Income tax (expense)/credit                                          9          (31,005)              56,182


Profit for the period                                               10          752,987             417,306


Attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                           465,957             248,987
Non-controlling interests                                                       287,030             168,319


                                                                                752,987             417,306


Earnings per share (expressed in RMB per share)                     12
Basic                                                                            0.2629               0.1405


Diluted                                                                          0.2629               0.1405




                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025        27
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     and Other Comprehensive Income
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                              Unaudited
                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


     Profit for the period                                                752,987         417,306




     Other comprehensive income/(expense):
     Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Fair value changes of equity instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income (FVTOCI)                                 7,147          (70,857)


     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
     Exchange differences on translating foreign operations                 (2,849)         (3,482)


     Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the period, net of tax        4,298          (74,339)


     Total comprehensive income for the period                            757,285         342,967


     Attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                                470,255         174,648
     Non-controlling interests                                            287,030         168,319


                                                                          757,285         342,967




28   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                             Financial Position
                                                                                        At 30 June 2025


                                                                        Unaudited          Audited
                                                                           30 June     31 December
                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                 Note     RMB’000          RMB’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    13     85,210,905       81,005,464
Right-of-use assets                                              14      1,947,228        1,749,505
Intangible assets                                                15      1,529,033        1,480,521
Investments in associates                                                   16,624           16,109
Other financial assets                                                     891,287          829,152
Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment   17      1,485,299          993,795
Deferred tax assets                                                        807,437          793,450


                                                                        91,887,813       86,867,996


Current assets
Inventories                                                              6,890,284        5,263,435
Trade and bills receivables                                      16      9,371,539        8,414,300
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                      17      8,455,265        7,455,596
Amounts due from related parties                                 18           2,482         201,399
Other financial assets                                                   2,954,806        1,834,516
Current tax assets                                                             228               185
Pledged bank deposits                                                    2,679,649        3,377,123
Restricted bank balances                                                       526               280
Bank and cash balances                                                   8,297,549        9,058,553


                                                                        38,652,328       35,605,387


Current liabilities
Trade and bills payables                                         19     20,750,532       19,486,536
Accruals and other payables                                              6,013,671        6,779,961
Contract liabilities                                                       374,343          141,294
Amounts due to related parties                                   18         18,436           27,250
Lease liabilities                                                           36,456           31,463
Bank borrowings                                                         22,631,424       18,960,089
Provisions                                                                 132,504          122,660
Financial guarantee                                                         34,563           34,563
Current tax liabilities                                                     20,980               485


                                                                        50,012,909       45,584,301


Net current liabilities                                                 (11,360,581)     (9,978,914)


Total assets less current liabilities                                   80,527,232       76,889,082


                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025     29
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 30 June 2025




                                                                           Unaudited        Audited
                                                                             30 June    31 December
                                                                                2025           2024
                                                             Note           RMB’000        RMB’000


     Non-current liabilities
     Bond payables                                                           500,000              –
     Deferred income                                                         241,891        297,907
     Lease liabilities                                                        60,514         69,137
     Bank borrowings                                                      29,305,866     27,156,291
     Provisions                                                             1,578,730     1,303,117
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                 29,021          8,705


                                                                          31,716,022     28,835,157


     NET ASSETS                                                           48,811,210     48,053,925


     Capital and reserves
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                              21          1,772,302     1,772,302
     Reserves                                                             33,876,337     33,411,542


                                                                          35,648,639     35,183,844


     Non-controlling interests                                            13,162,571     12,870,081


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                         48,811,210     48,053,925


     Approved by the Board of Directors on 27 August 2025:




                                Ms. LIU Jingyu                       Mr. DAI Ying




30   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                   Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                                     Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                            Share
                                                           capital/                                                                                        Financial
                                                           paid-in                                Safety Contribution                                      assets at                                     Non –
                                                           capital       Capital    Merger    production          from       Exchange      Put option       FVTOCI        Retained                  controlling        Total
                                                         (Note 21)       reserve    reserve        fund    shareholder         reserve          reserve     reserve       earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At 1 January 2024 (audited)                              1,772,302    32,418,662     8,058        12,606       139,611          (8,966)        (261,157)   (150,020)       714,804    34,645,900    11,739,890    46,385,790


Total comprehensive income for the period                        –             –         –             –             –          (3,482)               –     (70,857)       248,987      174,648        168,319      342,967
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders           –             –         –             –             –               –                –           –              –             –       619,600      619,600
Share-based payments (note 20)                                   –             –          –            –        20,227               –                –           –              –       20,227              –       20,227
Safety production fund                                           –             –          –       12,604             –               –                –           –        (17,517)       (4,913)        4,913             –


Changes in equity for the period                                 –             –         –        12,604        20,227          (3,482)               –     (70,857)       231,470      189,962        792,832      982,794


At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                              1,772,302    32,418,662     8,058        25,210       159,838         (12,448)        (261,157)   (220,877)       946,274    34,835,862    12,532,722    47,368,584


At 1 January 2025 (audited)                              1,772,302    32,425,155     8,058        41,214       165,761          (7,396)        (261,157)   (226,443)     1,266,350    35,183,844    12,870,081    48,053,925


Total comprehensive income for the period                        –             –         –             –             –          (2,849)               –       7,147        465,957      470,255        287,030      757,285
Safety production fund                                           –             –         –        16,707             –               –                –           –        (22,167)       (5,460)        5,460             –


Changes in equity for the period                                 –             –         –        16,707             –          (2,849)               –       7,147        443,790      464,795        292,490      757,285


At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                              1,772,302    32,425,155     8,058        57,921       165,761         (10,245)        (261,157)   (219,296)     1,710,140    35,648,639    13,162,571    48,811,210




                                                                                                                                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025                  31
     Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




                                                                       Unaudited
                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


     NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                 2,557,987        1,254,970


     CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
     Interest received                                              60,558            64,351
     Dividend received from other financial assets                     920             1,660
     Payments of property, plant and equipment                   (7,058,293)       (7,705,372)
     Proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment         5,544            4,232
     Received government grants in relation to assets                     –           67,956
     Payments of right-of-use assets                               (227,453)                –
     Addition of intangible assets                                 (131,955)        (110,178)
     Investment in limited partnership                                    –         (127,595)
     Purchase of other financial assets                          (2,558,979)       (3,233,716)
     Proceeds from disposal of other financial assets             1,395,000        2,600,620
     (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related parties         (2,400)               17
     (Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                   (14,233)          29,769
     Increase in restricted bank balances                                 –               (35)


     Net cash used in investing activities                       (8,531,291)       (8,408,291)


     CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
     Net proceeds from bank borrowings                            5,115,301        8,379,072
     Proceeds received under supplier finance arrangements         140,200                  –
     Proceeds received under issuance of bond                      500,000                  –
     Decrease in pledged bank deposits                              (33,925)                –
     Principal elements of lease payments                            (3,630)           (7,140)
     Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                  –          619,600
     Interest paid                                                 (538,971)        (664,905)


     Net cash generated from financing activities                 5,178,975        8,326,627


     NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS          (794,329)       1,173,306


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD             9,058,553        7,833,962


     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                        33,325            (11,402)


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                   8,297,549        8,995,866


     ANALYSIS OF THE CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
     Bank and cash balances                                       8,297,549        8,995,866


32   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025




1.   General Information
     CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司) is a joint stock limited company registered in the People’s
     Republic of China. The Company’s H shares have been listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since
     6 October 2022. The address of its registered office and its principal place of business is No. 1 Jiangdong Avenue,
     Jintan District, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, the PRC.


     The Company and its subsidiaries have been engaging in the design, research and development, production and
     sales of EV batteries and ESS products.


     The condensed financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi (“RMB’000”), unless otherwise stated.


2.   Basis of Preparation
     These condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34
     “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accountant Standard Board (the “IASB”) and applicable
     disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


     These condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements
     of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 (“2024 Annual Report”), which have been prepared in
     accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by IASB. Except as described below, the accounting policies
     (including the significant judgements made by management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key
     sources of estimation uncertainty) and methods of computation used in the preparation of these condensed financial
     statements are consistent with those used in the 2024 Annual Report.


3.   New and Amended IFRS Accounting Standards
     A.     New and amended IFRS Accounting Standards adopted by the Group
            The Group has applied the amendments to IAS 21 “Lack of Exchangeability” for the first time from 1 January
            2025. The Group did not change its accounting policies or make retrospective adjustments as a result of
            adopting the abovementioned amended standard.




                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025        33
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     3.      New and Amended IFRS Accounting Standards (Continued)
             B.      Impact of new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards issued but not yet adopted
                     by the Group
                     IFRS 18 “Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements ”
                     IFRS 18 will replace IAS 1 “Presentation of financial statements”, introducing new requirements that will
                     help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant
                     information and transparency to users. Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement
                     of items in the consolidated financial statements, IFRS 18 introduces significant changes to the presentation
                     of financial statements, with a focus on information about financial performance present in the statement
                     of profit or loss, which will affect how the Group present and disclose financial performance in the financial
                     statements. The key changes introduced in IFRS 18 relate to (i) the structure of the statement of profit
                     or loss, (ii) required disclosures for management-defined performance measures (which are referred to
                     alternative or non-GAAP performance measures), and (iii) enhanced requirements for aggregation and
                     disaggregation of information.


                     Directors are currently assessing the impact of applying IFRS 18 on the presentation and the disclosures of
                     the consolidated financial statements.


     4.      Fair Value Measurements
             Except as disclosed below, the carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities as reflected in
             the condensed consolidated statement of financial position approximate their respective fair values.


             Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
             between market participants at the measurement date. The following disclosures of fair value measurements use a
             fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:


             Level 1 inputs:      quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can
                                  access at the measurement date.


             Level 2 inputs:      inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                                  liability, either directly or indirectly.


             Level 3 inputs:      unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.


             The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the
             event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.


             The following table shows the carrying amounts and fair value of financial assets, including their levels in the fair
             value hierarchy. It does not include fair value information for financial assets not measured at fair value if the
             carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.




34   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025




4.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (a)   Disclosure of level in fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                                    As at
                                                               Fair value measurements using:                    30 June
                                                               Level 1       Level 2           Level 3              2025
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                           (unaudited)   (unaudited)     (unaudited)       (unaudited)


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposits                                 –     2,709,341                  –       2,709,341
           – Investment in a listed equity security           116,351              –                  –         116,351
           – Investment in unlisted equity securities                –             –          473,002           473,002
           Financial assets at fair value through profit
             or loss (“FVTPL”)
           – Investments in a listed equity security           62,059              –                  –           62,059
           – Investment in an unlisted equity security               –             –             3,000             3,000
           – Investment in unlisted debt instruments                 –             –          298,934           298,934
           – Wealth management investment                            –      183,406                   –         183,406


                                                              178,410      2,892,747          774,936         3,846,093



                                                                                                                    As at
                                                               Fair value measurements using:             31 December
                                                               Level 1       Level 2           Level 3              2024
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                             (audited)     (audited)        (audited)          (audited)


           Recurring fair value measurements:
           Financial assets
           Financial assets at FVTOCI
           – Certificate of deposits                                 –     1,598,926                  –       1,598,926
           – Investment in a listed equity security            98,164              –                  –           98,164
           – Investment in unlisted equity securities                –             –          487,460           487,460
           Financial assets at FVTPL
           – Investments in a listed equity security           54,963              –                  –           54,963
           – Investment in unlisted debt instruments                 –             –          243,528           243,528
           – Wealth management investment                            –      180,627                   –         180,627


                                                              153,127      1,779,553          730,988         2,663,668


                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025        35
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     4.      Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
             (b)     Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3:

                                                                                                       Financial
                                                                                                           assets at
                                                              Financial assets at FVTPL –              FVTOCI –
                                                               Investment         Investment         Investment
                                                                in unlisted        in unlisted       in unlisted
                                                                      debt             equity                equity            2025
                                                              instruments             security         securities             Total
                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                              (unaudited)        (unaudited)        (unaudited)        (unaudited)


                      At 1 January                                 243,528                   –             487,460         730,988
                      Additions                                     62,620              3,000                     –          65,620
                      Total gains or losses recognised
                        in profit or loss                            (7,214)                 –                    –          (7,214)
                        in other comprehensive income                     –                  –              (14,458)        (14,458)


                      At 30 June                                   298,934              3,000              473,002         774,936


                     During the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024, there was no transfer into or out of level 3
                     fair value measurements.


                     The total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income are presented in fair value changes
                     of equity instruments at FVTOCI in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                     income.


                     The total gains or losses recognised in profit or loss including those for assets held at end of reporting period
                     are presented in other losses, net in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




36   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                        Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June 2025




4.   Fair Value Measurements (Continued)
     (c)    Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques and
            inputs used in fair value measurements:
            The Group’s financial controller is responsible for the fair value measurements of financial assets and financial
            liabilities required for financial reporting purposes, including level 2 and level 3 fair value measurements.
            The financial controller reports directly to the Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of
            valuation processes and results are held between the financial controller and the Directors at least once a
            year.


            For level 2 fair value measurements, specific valuation techniques adopted by the Group to evaluate the
            financial assets include the annual interest rates for certificate of deposits.


            Level 3 fair value measurements

                                                                                                            Effect on fair            Fair value
                                                          Valuation                 Unobservable            value for             30 June 31 December
             Description                                  technique                 inputs                  increase of inputs       2025            2024
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000


             Investment in unlisted debt instruments      Net assets value of       Net assets              Increase              298,934          243,528
               classified as financial assets at FVTPL      underlying investment


             Investment in an unlisted equity security    Net assets value of       Net assets              Increase                3,000                –
               classified as financial assets at FVTPL      underlying investment


             Investment in an unlisted equity security    Net assets value of       Net assets              Decrease              302,844          307,522
               classified as financial assets at FVTOCI     underlying investment


             Investment in an unlisted equity security    Market approach           Changes in share        Decrease              170,158          179,938
               classified as financial assets at FVTOCI                               price of comparable
                                                                                      companies


            There were no changes in the valuation techniques used.


5.   Segment Information
     The Group is mainly engaged in the design, research and development, production and sales of EV batteries and
     ESS products in the PRC, and all the assets are substantially located in the PRC. Accordingly, there is only one single
     business reportable segment which is regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker.


6.   Revenue
     The Group’s operation and main revenue streams are those described in the 2024 Annual Report. The Group’s
     revenue is derived from contracts with customers.



                                                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025         37
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     6.      Revenue (Continued)
             Disaggregation of revenue
             Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major products or service line for the periods is as
             follows:


                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                             (unaudited)           (unaudited)


              Revenue from contracts with customers within the scope of IFRS 15
              Sales of EV batteries                                                                          10,662,346                 9,723,980
              Sales of ESS products and others                                                                 5,756,532                2,745,257


                                                                                                             16,418,878                12,469,237


             The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the following
             major product lines and geographical regions:


                                                                                           Sales of ESS products
                                                               Sales of EV battery              and others                         Total
              For the six months ended 30 June                    2025          2024           2025           2024             2025           2024
                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                            (unaudited)   (unaudited)    (unaudited)   (unaudited)     (unaudited)      (unaudited)


              Primary geographic markets
                – Mainland China                             10,377,173     9,560,146      5,715,278     2,677,900      16,092,451       12,238,046
                – Europe                                        74,770        46,876           1,784          6,927           76,554        53,803
                – Asia                                         207,815       103,554         39,396          52,832       247,211          156,386
                – America                                          212        11,671             74           7,598             286         19,269
                – Others                                          2,376         1,733              –               –           2,376          1,733


              Revenue from external customers               10,662,346      9,723,980      5,756,532     2,745,257      16,418,878       12,469,237


              Timing of revenue recognition
              Products transferred at a point in time       10,662,346      9,723,980      5,718,099     2,721,566      16,380,445       12,445,546
              Products and services transferred over time             –              –       38,433          23,691           38,433        23,691


              Total                                         10,662,346      9,723,980      5,756,532     2,745,257      16,418,878       12,469,237




38   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                  Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2025




7.   Investment and Other Income

                                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)         (unaudited)
                                                                                                           (re-presented)


     Interest income on:
        Bank deposits                                                                          53,052               64,748
        Financial assets at FVTOCI                                                             19,563                5,865


     Total interest income                                                                     72,615               70,613


     Government grants and subsidies (note)                                                    45,358                3,686
     Cash discount income                                                                             –             52,279
     Value-added tax additional deduction                                                      34,188               11,867
     Compensation from suppliers                                                                 1,295               6,435
     Insurance compensation income                                                               6,479                  854
     Others                                                                                      1,007                  223


                                                                                              160,942             145,957


     Note:



                                                                                            Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)        (unaudited)
                                                                                                            (re-presented)


     Research and development subsidies                                                          20,834                 705
     Subsidies on industry development                                                           22,745               1,739
     Others                                                                                       1,779               1,242


                                                                                                 45,358               3,686



     The government subsidies as set out above were received for compensation for or reimbursement of costs or
     expenses previously incurred and recognised in profit or loss in the current period in which they became receivable.


     Apart from above, the Group has recognised government grants of approximately RMB890 million (During the six
     months period ended 30 June 2024: RMB248 million) in total during the six months period ended 30 June 2025,
     which were accounted for in accordance with the accounting policies as set forth in note 4(z) to the 2024 annual
     report. These government grants, mostly being income-related, were used to offset the related operating costs and
     expenses or deduct from the carrying value of the related property, plant and equipment if they are asset-related.
     There were no conditions attached to these government grants that were unfulfilled as at the end of the reporting
     period.

                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025        39
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     8.      Other Losses, Net

                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)    (unaudited)


              Allowance for inventories                                                         (165,420)      (126,574)
              Fair value change in financial assets at FVTPL                                       3,580         (8,682)
              Dividend income from financial assets at FVTPL held at the end of the period          920           1,660
              Net foreign exchange gains/(losses)                                                39,351          (5,855)
              Net gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          185            (574)


                                                                                                (121,384)      (140,025)


     9.      Income Tax (Expense)/Credit
             Income tax (expense)/credit has been recognised in profit or loss as follows:


                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)    (unaudited)


              Current tax – PRC
                Provision for the period                                                         (26,359)       (73,439)
              Current tax – Others
                Provision for the period                                                            (107)           (51)


                                                                                                 (26,466)       (73,490)


              Deferred tax                                                                        (4,539)       129,672


                                                                                                 (31,005)        56,182




40   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June 2025




9.   Income Tax (Expense)/Credit (Continued)
     Under the relevant income tax law, the PRC subsidiaries are subject to Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”) at a statutory
     rate of 25% on their respective taxable income during the periods.


     The Company and certain subsidiaries operating in Mainland China were approved to be high and new technology
     enterprises and were entitled to a reduced EIT rate of 15%. The high and new technology enterprises certificates
     need to be renewed every three years so as to enable the Company and those subsidiaries to enjoy the reduced EIT
     rate of 15%.


10. Profit for the period
     The Group’s profit for the periods is arrived after charging/(crediting) the following:


                                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                               (unaudited)         (unaudited)


     Allowance for inventories                                                                      165,420             126,574
     Amortisation of intangible assets                                                               92,543               82,457
     Cost of inventories sold                                                                   13,539,998           10,521,107
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                1,956,160             949,230
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                             30,953               28,529
     Employee benefit expenses (including Directors’ emoluments):
        Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                              686,166             805,155
        Equity-settled share-based payments                                                                 –             20,227
        Retirement benefit scheme contribution                                                       56,735               67,514
     Net (gain)/loss on disposals of property, plant and equipment                                      (185)                 574
     Impairment loss on trade and bills receivables                                                  19,017               31,185
     Impairment loss/(reversal of impairment loss) on prepayments, deposits and
        other receivables                                                                              4,524                 (622)


11. Dividends
     The Directors do not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months period ended 30 June
     2025.




                                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT 2025        41
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     12. Earnings Per Share
             The calculation of the basic earnings per share during the periods is based on the profit for the period attributable
             to ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue or deemed
             to be in issue.


             (a)     Basic earnings per share
                     For the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024, the calculation of basic earnings per share
                     is based on the profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company of approximately profit of
                     RMB465,957,000 (unaudited) and profit of RMB248,987,000 (unaudited) respectively and the weighted
                     average number of ordinary shares of approximately 1,772,302,000 (unaudited) and 1,772,302,000
                     (unaudited) in issue during the respective periods.


             (b)     Diluted earnings per share
                     No diluted earnings per share was presented as the Company did not have any dilutive potential ordinary
                     shares during the periods.


     13. Property, Plant and Equipment
             During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group acquired property, plant and equipment of approximately
             RMB6,161,697,000 (During the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB6,533,777,000).


     14. Right-of-Use Assets
             The Group leases various factories and office premises for its operations. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
             basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the
             length of non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which
             the contract is enforceable. During the six months ended 30 June, 2025, the Group recognised RMB NIL (During the
             six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB15,184,000) of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the new leases of
             factories and office premises.


             During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group acquired land use right of RMB227,453,000 (During the six
             months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).


     15. Intangible Assets
             During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group acquired intangible assets of approximately RMB131,955,000
             (During the six months ended 30 June 2024: RMB112,017,000).




42   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2025




16. Trade and Bills Receivables

                                                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)             (audited)


     Trade receivables
     Receivables from third parties                                                         8,513,628           7,172,546
     Due from related parties (note 18)                                                        95,996               16,564
     Allowance for doubtful debts                                                            (198,714)            (179,697)


                                                                                            8,410,910           7,009,413
     Bills receivables                                                                        960,629           1,404,887


                                                                                            9,371,539           8,414,300


    The credit terms, being granted to independent third parties, are generally within 90 days. Each customer has a
    maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in advance is normally required. The Group seeks to maintain
    strict control over outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the Directors.

    The aging analysis of trade receivables based on the invoice date, and net of allowance is as follows:


                                                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)             (audited)


     0 to 180 days                                                                          8,012,301           6,345,783
     181 to 365 days                                                                          160,024             299,671
     1 to 2 years                                                                             144,217             284,651
     Over 2 years                                                                              94,368               79,308


                                                                                            8,410,910           7,009,413




                                                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025        43
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     16. Trade and Bills Receivables (Continued)
             Reconciliation of allowance for trade receivables:


                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)           (audited)


              At 1 January                                                                             179,697             88,639
              Allowance for the period/year, net                                                        19,017             91,058


              At 30 June/31 December                                                                   198,714            179,697


             The Group endorsed certain bank acceptance bills for the settlement of trade and other payables and discounted
             certain bank acceptance bills to banks for obtaining working capital. The Group has derecognised these bank
             acceptance bills in their entirety since these bank acceptance bills were accepted by certain high-credit-quality banks
             domiciled in the PRC.

             As the Group continues to expand its business and make broader use of bank acceptance bills, it has gained deeper
             understanding regarding the credit risks and default risks associated with bank acceptance bills and accepting banks.
             Based on this enhanced understanding, the Directors have determined that the scope of qualifying high-credit-
             quality accepting banks in the PRC can reasonably be extended to a wider range.

             For bank acceptance bills accepted by these qualifying banks, the Directors are of the opinion that the Group has
             transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of these bills and the Group has minimum exposure
             in respect of the settlement obligation of these bills under the commercial practice in the PRC, should the accepting
             banks fail to settle the bills on maturity date.

             Following the change in Directors’ assessment of the derecognition criteria, a larger amount of bills receivables have
             been derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position. This change in accounting judgement has
             been applied prospectively.

             The following summarised the accounting balances affected by the change in accounting judgement and disclosure
             as at 30 June 2025:


                                                                           Before change      Effect of change       After change
                                                                            in accounting       in accounting        in accounting
                                                                           judgement and       judgement and       judgement and
              Items                                                             disclosure          disclosure          disclosure
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


              Trade and bills receivables                                      10,051,788             (680,249)          9,371,539
              Trade and bills payables                                         (21,430,781)           680,249          (20,750,532)




44   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                              Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June 2025




17. Prepayments, Deposits and Other Receivables

                                                                                         30 June       31 December
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)             (audited)


    Other tax receivables                                                              4,494,043           4,276,055
    Prepayments                                                                        2,126,494           1,703,276
    Government subsidies receivable                                                    1,780,323           1,410,323
    Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                     1,485,299             993,795
    Other deposits                                                                        29,123               40,367
    Other receivables                                                                     25,282               25,575


                                                                                       9,940,564           8,449,391


    Analysed as:
    Non-current assets                                                                 1,485,299             993,795
    Current assets                                                                     8,455,265           7,455,596


                                                                                       9,940,564           8,449,391


    Reconciliation of allowances for prepayments, deposits and other receivables:


                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)             (audited)


    At 1 January                                                                          47,943                6,956
    Allowance for the period/year                                                           4,524              40,987


    At 30 June/31 December                                                                52,467               47,943




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025        45
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     18. Balances with Related Parties

                                                                                                                          30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                                     Note                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (unaudited)                (audited)


              Trade receivables
                 – 中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公司 China Lithium Battery Technology
                     (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (”Luoyang Company”)                                        16, (i)               95,996                 16,564


              Amounts due from related parties
              Trade-related:
                 – Luoyang Company                                                                  (i), (iii)                     –             201,399
              Non-trade related:
                 – 常州華科工程建設有限公司 Changzhou Huake Engineering
                     Construction Co., Ltd.* (“Huake Engineering”)                                     (ii)                  2,400                        –
                 – 江蘇城東建設工程有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Construction
                     Project Co., Ltd.* (“Jiangsu Chengdong Construction”)                             (ii)                      82                       –


                                                                                                                             2,482               201,399


              Trade payables
                 – 常州江環能源科技有限公司 Changzhou Jianghuan Energy
                     Technology Co., Ltd.* (“Jianghuan Energy”)                                                              4,678                    1,607
                 – Luoyang Company                                                                                         58,005                         –


                                                                                                     19, (i)               62,683                     1,607


              Amounts due to related parties
              Non-trade related:
                 – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                                                          17,994                 17,844
                 – 江蘇城東信息科技有限公司 Jiangsu Chengdong Information
                     Technology Co., Ltd.* (”Jiangsu Chengdong Information”)                                                     28                       –
                 – Luoyang Company                                                                                             374                    9,266
                 – Huake Engineering                                                                                             40                    140


                                                                                                       (ii)                18,436                 27,250


             *       The official names of these entities are in Chinese. The English translation of the names are for identification purpose only.




46   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                    Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                        For the six months ended 30 June 2025




18. Balances with Related Parties (Continued)
    Notes:


    (i)      The trade-related outstanding balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable within credit term of
             180 days.


    (ii)     The non-trade related balances with related parties are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.


    (iii)    The balance represents the prepayment for the purchase of goods in accordance with the contractual term.


19. Trade and Bills Payables

                                                                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                         (unaudited)              (audited)


     Trade payables
     Payables to third parties                                                                              8,857,411            7,947,258
     Due to related parties (note 18)                                                                           62,683                 1,607
     Bills payables                                                                                       11,830,438            11,537,671


                                                                                                          20,750,532            19,486,536


    As at 30 June 2025, bills payables were secured by bills receivables of RMB NIL (31 December 2024: RMB14,000)
    and pledged bank deposits of RMB2,563,969,000 (31 December 2024: RMB3,315,497,000), respectively.


    The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods is as follows:


                                                                                                              30 June        31 December
                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                         (unaudited)              (audited)


     0 to 180 days                                                                                          8,900,010            7,922,962
     181 to 365 days                                                                                            16,615               22,907
     1 to 2 years                                                                                                1,738                 2,996
     Over 2 years                                                                                                1,731                      –


                                                                                                            8,920,094            7,948,865




                                                                                                                        INTERIM REPORT 2025        47
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     20. Share-Based Payments
             During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company approved and adopted a share incentive scheme (“2019
             Share Incentive Scheme”) involving 6 senior management, namely, Ms. Liu Jingyu, Dr. Pan Fangfang, Mr. Dai Ying,
             Mr. Geng Yan’an, Mr. Wang Xiaoqiang and Mr. He Fan (collectively, the “Six Senior Management”). The purposes
             of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme are to stimulate the enthusiasm and creativity of the Six Senior Management,
             enhance their sense of responsibility and mission of achieving the Company’s long-term sustainable and healthy
             development, and ensure the realization of the Company’s strategic goals.


             The Six Senior Management have formed a limited company, Xiamen Lihang Equity Investment (“Share Incentive
             Vehicle”). A limited partnership company, Lihang Jinzhi (“Partnership”) was formed, and the Share Incentive Vehicle
             and a related entity of a government shareholder of the Company (“Xiamen Industrial Investment”) were required
             to contribute RMB10 million and RMB1,500 million, respectively, to the Partnership. After that, the Partnership has
             subscribed for registered capital of the Company.


             The Partnership has a prescribed operation period of 10 years, and all investment proceeds of it (after deducting
             expenses and tax), including all distribution, interest and dividend from the Company will be distributed to the Share
             Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment in the following manner:


             (a)     Distribute to the Share Incentive Vehicle and the Xiamen Industrial Investment proportionally to their capital
                     contribution of the Partnership until they fully recover their capital contributions to it;


             (b)     Any investment proceeds in excess of (a) above will be firstly distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment
                     in an amount that represent 6% annual return to its capital contribution to the Partnership; and


             (c)     2 years after all legal and regulatory requirements for freely disposing the Partnership’s equity interest in the
                     Company are fulfilled, and after the distributions in (a) and (b) above, the Partnership shall dispose of all its
                     equity interest in the Company. 20% of the net proceeds from the disposal will be distributed to the Share
                     Incentive Vehicle and the remaining 80% will be distributed to the Xiamen Industrial Investment.


             The manner of distribution above enables the Six Senior Management to receive possible future cash proceeds,
             through the Share Incentive Vehicle, that are disproportionate to their share of capital injections into the Partnership
             and the amount of such future cash proceeds to be received by the Share Incentive Vehicle will depend on many
             factors including future price of the Company’s equity, vesting date and other factors.


             The awards of the 2019 Share Incentive Scheme have been accounted for as equity-settled share-based payment.
             The management estimated the fair value of the awards and the length of the vesting period at grant date. The date
             of vesting will need to be re-estimated at each reporting date. The share-based payment expense will be recognised
             over the vesting period with a corresponding credit to equity of the condensed consolidated statement of financial
             position as a capital contribution from a government shareholder of the Company.




48   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                       Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025




20. Share-Based Payments (Continued)
    Independent professional valuer was engaged to assist the management to determine the grant date fair value of
    the awards by binomial tree method with the following assumptions and inputs:


    – Vesting date initially estimated                                                                                        30 July 2027
    – Price per each registered capital of the Company                                                                            RMB1.02
    – Risk free rate                                                                                                                  3.69%
    – Dividend yield                                                                                                                       Nil
    – Estimated volatility of return of the Company’s equity                                                                        53.72%


    The fair value of the awards at grant date is estimated to be approximately RMB163 million. The following table set
    out the estimated vesting date adopted at each reporting date and the share-based payment expense charged to the
    condensed consolidated statement profit or loss of the Group.


                                                                                                                              Share-based
                                                                                                                                  payment
                                                                                                                                   expense
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000


    For the six months ended 30 June 2024 (unaudited)                                                                                20,227
    For the six months ended 30 June 2025 (unaudited)                                                                                        –


21. Share Capital

                                            Domestic ordinary shares
                                                  of RMB1 each                 H-shares of RMB1 each                      Total
                                           Number                               Number                             Number
                                           of shares        Share capital      of shares     Share capital        of shares       Share capital
                                                                 RMB’000                         RMB’000                              RMB’000


    Issued and fully paid:
    As at 31 December 2024 (audited)
      and 30 June 2025 (unaudited)       1,160,633,753           1,160,634   611,668,105          611,668     1,772,301,858          1,772,302




                                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025          49
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     22. Related Party Transactions
             (a)     The Group had the following material transactions with its related parties during the
                     periods:

                                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                   (unaudited)        (unaudited)


                      Revenue from sales of goods to
                        – Luoyang Company                                                              421,163            202,182
                      Entrusted processing services from
                        – Luoyang Company                                                            1,314,222            961,446
                      Purchase goods and services from
                        – Jianghuan Energy                                                                4,532                     –
                      Rental fee income from
                        – Huake Engineering                                                               2,202              2,202
                      Rental fee charged by
                        – Huake Engineering                                                                    –                14
                      Construction fees charged by
                        – Jiangsu Chengdong Construction                                                       –           25,505
                        – Jiangsu Chengdong Information                                                     129                     –


                     Since March 2021, Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Investment Group Company Limited (“Jinyuan Investment”) has
                     been providing financial guarantee to a subsidiary of the Group, Xiamen Company in favour of a group of 6
                     banks, to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in
                     the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years. The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment
                     took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee agreement to three years after the expiration of
                     repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan agreement.


                     Since January 2022, Jinyuan Investment has been providing another financial guarantee to Xiamen
                     Company in favour of a group of 6 banks to guarantee the payment obligation of 80% principal amount
                     (being RMB2,000 million) of a loan in the principal amount of RMB2,500 million for a term of 8 years.
                     The guarantee period of Jinyuan Investment took effective from the date of entering into the guarantee
                     agreement to three years after the expiration of repayment obligation by Xiamen Company under the loan
                     agreement.


             (b)     Balances with related parties
                     Details of the Group’s balances with related parties at the end of the period/year are disclosed in note 18.




50   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June 2025




22. Related Party Transactions (Continued)
    (c)    The remuneration of directors, supervisors and other members of senior management
           during the periods was as follows:

                                                                                      Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2025                 2024
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                      (unaudited)         (unaudited)


           Fees                                                                                 360                   54
           Salaries, bonus and allowances                                                     5,888               4,660
           Equity-settled share-based payments                                                     –             20,227
           Retirement benefit scheme contributions                                              213                  198


                                                                                              6,461              25,139


23. Contingent Liabilities
    In July 2024, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Min 01 Min Chu No.543) served by the
    Fuzhou Intermediate Court. The claim was petitioned by Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Limited (“CATL”)
    brought against the Company and Fuzhou Cangshan Aion Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd. (福州倉山埃安汽車銷
    售服務有限公司) (“Fuzhou Cangshan Aion”, an automobile seller independent of the Company) in respect of an
    infringement claim on intellectual property rights of No. ZL201720968992.6 utility model patent (“Patent VII”).
    Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 26 July 2024.


    In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2025) Zhe Zhi Min Chu No. 1 (Original Case
    No.: (2024) Zhe 01 Zhi Min Chu No. 138)) from the Intermediate People’s Court of Hangzhou City. The claim was
    petitioned by CATL brought against the Company and Hangzhou Pengxing Automobile Sales and Service Co., Ltd.
    (杭州鵬行汽車銷售服務有限公司) (“Hangzhou Pengxing”, an automobile seller independent of the Company) in
    respect of an infringement claim on intellectual property rights of No. ZL202210514746.9 invention patent (“Patent
    VIII”). Details are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 3 January 2025.


    In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2025) Min 05 Min Chu No. 2) from the
    Intermediate People’s Court of Quanzhou City. CATL has filed intellectual property infringement claims against the
    Company and the other defendants (third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons) regarding
    the utility model patent No. ZL201621122034.9 (“Patent IX”). Details are set out in the Company’s announcement
    dated 17 January 2025.




                                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025        51
     Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025




     23. Contingent Liabilities (Continued)
             In January 2025, the Company received a civil indictment (Case No.: (2024) Xiang Zhi Min Chu No. 1) from the
             Higher People’s Court of Hunan Province. Intellectual property infringement claims were filed by CATL against the
             Company and the other defendants (third parties independent of the Company and its connected persons) in respect
             of invention patent number ZL202011086325.8 (“Patent X”). Details are set out in the Company’s announcement
             dated 28 January 2025.


             After assessing the analysis and views of the Company’s internal legal counsel and external legal counsel, the
             Directors are of the view that the claims relating to Patent VII, Patent VIII, Patent IX, and Patent X are lacking in
             merit, and it is not probable that an out-flow of economic benefits will be required to settle the claims related to
             them.


             In summary, the Group’s contingent liabilities related to the Claims as at 30 June 2025 are set out below:


                                                                                                                    Reasonable
                                                                                                    Damages           expenses
                                                                                                  claimed by        claimed by
              Claims related to:                                                                        CATL                CATL
                                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000


              Patent VII
              Relates to injection structure of a secondary battery                                    92,000                 300
              Patent VIII
              Relates to top cover component of secondary battery
                and secondary battery                                                                  90,000               1,000
              Patent IX
              Relates to a battery module                                                              60,000               1,000
              Patent X
              Relates to top cover component of secondary battery
                and secondary battery                                                                110,000                1,000


             With the rapid technological advancement and product iteration in the field of EV batteries, the Company’s products
             have adopted more advanced technologies and the Company has the complete independent intellectual property
             rights layout for its products. The Company believes that there is no infringement associated with Patent VII, Patent
             VIII, Patent IX and Patent X. There is no court decision in respect of the litigations involved, and the Company has
             submitted a request to the China National Intellectual Property Administration for the invalidation of the rights of
             the patents involved in the litigations.


             Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025.




52   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                               Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June 2025




24. Capital Commitments
    Capital commitments contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not yet incurred are as follows:


                                                                                            30 June       31 December
                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)             (audited)


     Property, plant and equipment                                                        9,736,853          14,297,738
     Intangible assets                                                                      716,268               37,845
     Capital contribution to partnership funds                                              259,080              283,200
     Capital contribution to share subscription                                                3,527               1,300


                                                                                         10,715,728          14,620,083


25. Events after the reporting period
    In August 2025, the Company obtained all the relevant approvals, including the filing notice from the CSRC and
    the listing approval from the Stock Exchange in respect of the conversion of 149,831,290 domestic shares of the
    Company into H share of the Company.


    Save as disclosed above, the Group had no other material event after the reporting period as at 30 June 2025.


26. Approval of Financial Statements
    The interim financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 August
    2025.




                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025        53
     Definitions and Glossary


     “Board”                           the board of directors of the Company


     “Company”, “CALB”, “we” or “us”   CALB Group Co., Ltd. (中創新航科技集團股份有限公司), H Shares of which are
                                       listed on the Stock Exchange with stock code of 3931



     “connected person(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Director(s)”                     the director(s) of the Company


     “Domestic Share(s)”               ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company, with a nominal value of
                                       RMB1.00 each, which are subscribed for and paid up in Renminbi


     “Group”                           the Company and its subsidiaries


     “H Share(s)”                      the overseas listed foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with
                                       nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are traded in Hong Kong dollars and
                                       listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


     “Hong Kong”                       the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


     “Independent Third Party(ies)”    any entity(ies) or person(s) who, to the best of the knowledge, information and
                                       belief of the Directors, is/are not a connected person(s) of the Company within
                                       the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules


     “Jincheng Technology”             Jiangsu Jintan Jincheng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇
                                       金城科技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC
                                       with limited liability on 7 December 2015 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding,
                                       a connected person of the Company


     “Jinhang Holding”                 Jiangsu Jinhang Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金航控股有限公司), a company
                                       established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 2 March 2022,
                                       which is owned as to 40% by Jincheng Technology, 30% by Cai Dongze (蔡
                                       東澤), an Independent Third Party, 12.5% by Nanjing Ruiguan Enterprise
                                       Management Centre (Limited Partnership)* (南京瑞冠企業管理中心(有限合夥)),
                                       12.5% by Wuxi Fengshenghui Enterprise Management Partnership Business
                                       (Limited Partnership)* (無錫豐晟匯企業管理合夥企業(有限合夥)) and 5% by
                                       Jiangsu Fengchuang Environmental Energy Co., Ltd* (江蘇楓創環保能源有限公
                                       司), an Independent Third Party. Jinhang Holding is a connected person of our
                                       Company




54   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
                                                                     Definitions and Glossary




“Jinsha Investment”      Changzhou Jinsha Technology Investment Co., Ltd.* (常州金沙科技投資有限公
                         司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 4
                         May 2008 and wholly owned by Jintan Holding


“Jintan Holding”         Jiangsu Jintan Investment Holding Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金壇投資控股有限公司), a
                         company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16
                         September 2014 and wholly owned by the Government of Jintan District, a
                         connected person of the Company


“Jintan Hualuogeng”      Jiangsu Jintan Hualuogeng Technology Industry Development Co., Ltd.* (江蘇金
                         壇華羅庚科技產業發展有限公司), a company established under the laws of the
                         PRC with limited liability on 12 December 2014 and owned as to 90% by Jintan
                         Holding and 10% by Changzhou Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (常州投資集團有
                         限公司), respectively, a connected person of the Company


“Jintan International”   Jiangsu Jintan National Development International Investment Development Co.,
                         Ltd.* (江蘇金壇國發國際投資發展有限公司), a company established under the
                         laws of the PRC with limited liability on 16 December 2010 and exercising its
                         voting rights in our Shares in accordance with the instructions of Jintan Holding,
                         a connected person of our Company


“Jinyuan Investment”     Xiamen Jinyuan Investment Group Co., Ltd.* (廈門金圓投資集團有限公司), a
                         company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 13 July
                         2011 and wholly owned by the Finance Bureau of Xiamen City* (廈門市財政局),
                         one of our Pre-IPO Investors and Substantial Shareholders


“Lihang Jinzhi”          Xiamen Lihang Jinzhi Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (廈門
                         鋰航金智股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited liability partnership established
                         under the laws of the PRC on 29 July 2019 whose general partner is Xiamen
                         Lihang Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd., one of our Pre-IPO Investors, a
                         connected person of our Company


“Listing Rules”          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange


“Luoyang Company”        China Lithium Battery Technology (Luoyang) Co., Ltd.* (中航鋰電(洛陽)有限公
                         司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on
                         14 September 2009, which is owned as to 51% by Jincheng Technology and
                         49% by Jinhang Holding, and a connected person of our Company


“Model Code”             Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025      55
     Definitions and Glossary




     “PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China


     “Reporting Period”               from 1 January 2025 to 30 June 2025


     “RMB”                            Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


     “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong),
                                      as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


     “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the issued capital of the Company with a nominal value of
                                      RMB1.00 each, comprising Domestic Share(s) and H Share(s)


     “Shareholder(s)”                 shareholders of the Company


     “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


     “subsidiary(ies)”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Supervisor(s)”                  the supervisor(s) of the Company


     “treasury shares”                has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules


     “Xiamen Company”                 CALB (Xiamen) Co., Ltd.* ( 中創新航新能源 ( 廈門 ) 有限公司 ), a company
                                      established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability on 15 July 2019 and
                                      a direct wholly – owned subsidiary of our Company


     “Xiamen Industrial Investment”   Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd.* (廈門市產業投資有限公司) (formerly
                                      known as Xiamen Jinyuan Industry Development Company Limited* (廈門金圓產
                                      業發展有限公司), which was renamed Xiamen Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. on
                                      15 March 2024), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                                      liability on 13 August 2014 and wholly owned by Jinyuan Investment, one of
                                      our Pre – IPO Investors and Substantial Shareholders


     “%”                              percent




56   CALB GROUP CO., LTD.
中創新航科 技集團股份有限公司
  CALB Group Co., Ltd.
