                                                            2026
The image on this cover was generated by artificial
                                                      INTERIM REPORT
intelligence using text-to-image prompting
www.yixincars.com




                    The image on this cover was generated by artificial
                    intelligence using text-to-image prompting
CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

4    Chairman’s Statement

6    Management Discussion and Analysis

39   Other Information

59   Report on Review of Interim Financial Information

60   Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

107 Definitions
CORPORATE INFORMATION


BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Executive Directors                                     Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman)
                                                        Mr. Zhi Gao
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman and                        (appointed on March 5, 2026)
 Chief Executive Officer)                               Mr. Dong Jiang
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang (Vice Chairman)                (resigned on March 5, 2026)
Mr. Zhi Gao (President)                                 Mr. Xiaoguang Yang
 (appointed on March 5, 2026)
Mr. Dong Jiang (Joint President)                        COMPANY SECRETARY
 (resigned on March 5, 2026)
                                                        Mr. Man Wah Cheng
Non-executive Directors
                                                        AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Wai Yip Tsang
                                                        Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang
Independent Non-executive Directors                     Mr. Man Wah Cheng

Mr. Tin Fan Yuen                                        AUDITOR
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok
Ms. Lily Li Dong                                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim                                  Certified Public Accountants and
                                                        Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
AUDIT COMMITTEE                                         22/F, Prince’s Building
                                                        Central, Hong Kong
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok (Chairman)
Mr. Tin Fan Yuen                                        LEGAL ADVISERS
Ms. Lily Li Dong
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim                                  As to PRC law:
                                                        Han Kun Law Offices
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                  9/F, Office Tower C1
                                                        Oriental Plaza
Mr. Tin Fan Yuen (Chairman)                             No. 1 East Chang An Avenue
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang                                     Beijing, PRC
Ms. Lily Li Dong
                                                        As to Cayman Islands law:
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                    Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
                                                        26th Floor, Central Plaza
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman)                          18 Harbour Road
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong
Ms. Lily Li Dong
                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                                    PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                                        Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman)                          Cayman Islands
Mr. Zhi Gao
 (appointed on March 5, 2026)
Mr. Dong Jiang
 (resigned on March 5, 2026)
Mr. Xiaoguang Yang




2           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                     CORPORATE INFORMATION




PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                     HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
HONG KONG
                                                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Suite 709, Champion Tower                          17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
Three Garden Road                                  183 Queen’s Road East
Central, Hong Kong                                 Wanchai, Hong Kong

HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE                    PRINCIPAL BANKERS
OF BUSINESS IN CHINA
                                                   Bank of China
Yixin Building                                     Bank of Communications
1 North, Zhongguancun Hongqiao Innovation Center   Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
365 Linhong Road, Changning District               Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Shanghai, China                                    Postal Savings Bank of China

CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE                     COMPANY WEBSITE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                   www.yixincars.com
Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall                         STOCK CODE
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102                             2858
Cayman Islands




                                                   YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Yixin Group Limited (易鑫集团有限公司), I am delighted to present the interim results of
the Group for the Reporting Period.

In the first half of 2026, against a backdrop of markedly rising external uncertainties and the spillover effects of
geopolitical conflicts, China’s economy operated within a reasonable range overall. Under the coordinated effect of
more proactive fiscal policies and appropriately accommodative monetary policies, China’s gross domestic product
grew by approximately 4.7% year on year in the first half of 2026, according to the National Bureau of Statistics of
China. However, the structural imbalance between strong supply and weak demand remained pronounced, and the
foundation for sustained economic recovery still needs to be further consolidated.

On the industry front, China’s automotive industry continued to evolve at pace amid the converging wave of
electrification, intelligentization and connectivity. Despite short-term pressure, the industry retained its position as
a pillar of the national economy at the current stage. On the policy front, five government departments, including
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, jointly launched a campaign to promote new energy vehicles
(“NEVs”) in rural areas in the first half of the year. The Group responded actively by further deepening its auto
finance services in lower-tier markets, supporting rural consumers in upgrading to green mobility. Meanwhile, eight
government departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, designated 40 pilot cities for automobile distribution
and consumption reform. Separately, nine government departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, introduced
17 specific measures to cultivate and expand automotive aftermarket consumption, creating structural opportunities
for auto finance and aftermarket services. According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers and
the China Automobile Dealers Association, total sales of passenger vehicles (including new and used cars) in
China recorded a year-on-year decrease of approximately 4.4% in the first half of 2026. The NEV segment came
under near-term pressure: according to the China Automobile Dealers Association, retail sales of NEVs amounted
to approximately 4.7 million units in the first half of 2026, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately
14.0%, with the penetration rate exceeding 50% for consecutive months. At the same time, China’s automobile
exports continued to expand. According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, China exported
approximately 5.1 million vehicles in the first half of 2026, up 65.3% year on year, underscoring the rising global
competitiveness of Chinese automotive brands and their strengthening ability to export technology, services and
standards, which further cemented China’s leading position as the world’s largest automobile exporter. In terms
of industry regulation, as regulatory oversight tightened and compliant operations were emphasized, the “Matthew
effect” in the auto finance industry became more prominent, with market share continuously concentrating in leading
platform enterprises that possess advantages in funding, channels, technology and risk control.

In the first half of 2026, Yixin Group seized the opportunities arising from industry transformation and adhered to
a prudent yet proactive business strategy, achieving improvements in both business scale and operating quality
despite overall industry headwinds. During the Reporting Period, the Group facilitated approximately 428 thousand
auto financing transactions in aggregate (covering both new and used cars), representing a year-on-year increase
of approximately 17.7%. Total financing volume amounted to approximately RMB37.0 billion, up approximately
13.2% year on year. In particular, the used-car financing business continued to expand, with financing volume
reaching approximately RMB19.9 billion and accounting for approximately 53.8% of total auto financing volume — a
testament to the Group’s success in capturing structural market opportunities and the effectiveness of its used-car
strategy.

The Group’s FinTech business (SaaS), a strategic pillar, sustained its rapid growth momentum. Financing facilitated
through the FinTech platform exceeded RMB26.3 billion, representing year-on-year growth of approximately
72.2%. As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s FinTech platform had established partnerships with around 80 financial
institutions. The diversity and market penetration of the platform’s solutions further improved. The number of core
clients continued to grow while average revenue per core client remained stable, making our SaaS platform an
enduring core engine of the Group’s overall growth.




4            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB6.2 billion, up approximately
13.3% year on year. With the industry leadership effect becoming further pronounced and benefiting from a decrease
in commissions associated with the transaction platform business and lower funding costs for self-operated
financing services, the Group recorded a net profit of approximately RMB703.6 million, up approximately 28.2%
compared with the same period of the previous year, and an adjusted net profit of approximately RMB850.7 million,
up approximately 31.2% year on year. The Group’s asset quality remained sound, with a 90+ days past due ratio of
1.92%, further attesting to the Group’s exceptional risk resilience.

In terms of technological innovation, the Group deepened end-to-end integration of AI across operations. Leveraging
its proprietary Agentic AI large-model matrix, applications in telemarketing, application processing, risk management,
customer service, and asset management, the Group’s operational efficiency and service quality are significantly
boosted. The Group also advanced its Agentic AI Harness engineering framework to align with industry frontiers. By
June 2026, Yixin’s auto finance Agentic AI autonomously drove 90% of the entire business processes. The Group
intends to continue R&D investment to fortify our long-term technological moat.

In terms of international layout, the Group maintains Southeast Asia as its strategic focus and continues to expand
its overseas footprint. During the Reporting Period, our business scale in Singapore and Malaysia grew steadily,
with overseas financing volume reaching approximately US$150 million. We secured top-tier local market share
and rankings, and channel penetration continued to widen. Through a dual-engine model combining “finance +
technology,” the Group has initially formed a standardized and replicable market entry framework, actively evaluating
and entering new regional markets. International business revenue contributions are currently expected to increase
over time.

Looking forward, as domestic consumption stimulus policies continue to take effect, the trade-in mechanism
becomes regularized, and consumer acceptance of used cars and auto finance rises, the automotive value chain is
undergoing profound restructuring, and consolidation and standardization in the auto finance industry will continue
to accelerate. Players with technological moats, outstanding risk management systems, sound asset quality and
diversified funding channels will stand out amid industry reshuffling. Relying on our deep talent pool and proven
operational capabilities, Yixin Group will continue to uphold a proactive yet prudent business philosophy, striving to
pursue sustainable growth while safeguarding asset quality and operating discipline.

Last but not least, on behalf of the Group, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and
partners, and my heartfelt appreciation to our dedicated employees and management team for their contributions. I
also thank our Shareholders and other stakeholders for their trust and support.




                                                                                                 Andy Xuan Zhang
                                                                                              Chairman of the Board
                                                                                                        Hong Kong
                                                                                                    August 19, 2026




                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026             5
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

In the first half of 2026, despite continued turbulence in the global geopolitical landscape and heightened external
uncertainties, China’s economy operated within a reasonable range overall and demonstrated further resilience,
underpinned by the coordinated effect of a more proactive fiscal policy and a prudent yet accommodative
monetary policy. According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, China’s gross domestic product grew by
approximately 4.7% year on year in the first half of 2026, representing a decline of 60 basis points compared with
5.3% recorded in the same period of 2025, while the structural imbalance between strong supply and weak demand
remained evident.

During the Reporting Period, the growth structure of China’s macro economy continued to diverge. Total retail sales
of consumer goods increased by 1.3% year on year, with high-value categories such as automobiles delivering a
relatively soft performance in the first half of the year. Fixed asset investment decreased by 5.7% year on year, real
estate investment continued its adjustment, and a full restoration of market confidence will take time.

In terms of foreign trade, China’s exports demonstrated considerable resilience notwithstanding the challenges
posed by global tariff frictions. According to the General Administration of Customs of China, China’s total goods
imports and exports reached RMB25.47 trillion in the first half of 2026, up 16.9% year on year, while the trade
surplus amounted to approximately RMB3.99 trillion, narrowing by 4.7% year on year. Nevertheless, uncertainty
surrounding external demand persists, and global geopolitical frictions continue to constrain export growth.

Meanwhile, intensifying competition in certain industries and an uneven demand recovery have left some sectors
under “involution-style” pressure, and price indicators suggest that the rebalancing of supply and demand remains
challenging. The recovery of corporate profitability and the improvement in household income growth expectations
will take time.

From a medium- to long-term perspective, China’s economy is at a critical stage of transformation and upgrading.
Guided by the national commitment to high-quality development, the building of a unified national market continues
to advance, the innovation-driven development strategy is being implemented in depth, and new quality productive
forces are being fostered at an accelerated pace. These efforts are expected to drive continuous optimization of the
economic structure, achieve a higher-level rebalancing of supply and demand, and secure a more pivotal position
for China in the global economic landscape.

Against this backdrop, the automotive industry, as an important component of economic growth and technological
innovation, continues to be entrusted with high expectations of injecting vitality into the broader economic
ecosystem. In the first half of 2026, although the NEV purchase tax incentives were partially scaled back, the
continuation of the “auto trade-in” policy provided solid support for the sustained release of consumer demand. In
addition, breakthroughs in intelligent cockpits, advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) and artificial intelligence
technologies have accelerated the electrification, intelligentization and connectivity of the industry, further reinforcing
the wave of automotive consumption transformation. The steady development of the automotive industry and its
increasing technological value will strengthen the fundamentals of the Chinese economy over the medium to long
term.

The macroeconomic landscape constitutes the fundamental backdrop for the industry’s development and the
Group’s operations. To mitigate the associated risks and safeguard sustainable development, the Group remains
committed at the current stage to enhancing its risk pricing, asset management and operational efficiency. Going
forward, the Group will continue to deepen the application of digital technologies and AI across the entire business
cycle, so as to maintain sound asset quality and business stability and preserve its competitive edge in a complex
and evolving macro environment.




6            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

In the first half of 2026, China’s automotive industry came under short-term pressure, with structural adjustment
accelerating and global influence continuing to grow. Meanwhile, industry competition remained intense, and the
impact of product competitiveness, pricing strategies, sales channels and service quality on transaction conversion
and profitability became increasingly pronounced, with the supply-demand dynamics in a state of continuous
dynamic realignment. According to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, sales of new passenger
vehicles in China amounted to 12.7 million units during the Reporting Period, down 6.0% year on year. The used-car
market remained generally stable. Affected by intensifying competition and price volatility in the new-car market, the
used-car market shifted towards a “price-for-volume” trading model. Supported by the deepening of the trade-in
policy and the accelerated circulation of the existing vehicle fleet, transaction volume remained broadly stable.
According to the China Automobile Dealers Association, used passenger car transactions reached 7.5 million units
during the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.5%. At the same time, the used-car industry
is transitioning from a transaction-driven to a service-oriented model, and the rapidly growing NEV fleet is injecting
new growth momentum into the used-car market.

NEVs continued to occupy a central position in China’s automotive industry in 2026. According to the China
Automobile Dealers Association, retail sales of new energy passenger vehicles amounted to approximately 4.7
million units during the Reporting Period, down 14.0% year on year, with the penetration rate exceeding 50% for
consecutive months. Despite the short-term pressure on retail sales, NEVs remain the definitive direction of the
industry’s structural transformation, and their deep integration with intelligent technologies continues to reshape
consumer preferences and the competitive landscape.

In international markets, China’s automobile exports continued to expand in the first half of 2026, further
consolidating the country’s position in the global automotive industry. According to the China Association of
Automobile Manufacturers, China exported approximately 5.1 million vehicles during the Reporting Period, up 65.3%
year on year, maintaining its position as the world’s largest automobile exporter. The export model is gradually
evolving from pure whole-vehicle exports to an integrated model encompassing the export of technology, services
and standards, laying a solid foundation for the long-term internationalization of China’s automotive industry.
Chinese automakers are accelerating their expansion in key overseas markets and deepening industrial collaboration
with overseas markets through technology exports such as advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS).

In the first half of 2026, auto finance continued to play an important supporting role for the automotive industry –
enhancing transaction conversion efficiency, optimizing operational effectiveness and improving profit structures
– and is gradually becoming indispensable infrastructure for automobile consumption. At the same time, auto
finance services are subject to increasingly stringent regulatory and compliance requirements. The “Matthew effect”
has become increasingly evident, with market share continuing to concentrate in leading players endowed with
advantages in funding, technology and risk management. The industry as a whole is transitioning from “scale-driven”
to “quality-oriented” development, with digitalization, inclusiveness and green development as the dominant themes,
creating structural opportunities for platforms with full-stack service capabilities. The Group also observes that
auto finance penetration rates in developed overseas markets remain generally higher than in China, a gap that
underscores the substantial growth headroom of China’s auto finance market.




                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026             7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The evolution of the automobile transaction structure and the shifting competitive landscape of auto finance services
have had a significant bearing on the Group’s business strategies. Coupled with increasingly diversified customer
demand and a continuously evolving regulatory environment, these trends have created favorable conditions for the
Group to drive product innovation and expand market share. Despite the near-term adjustment pressure facing the
industry as a whole, the Group, leveraging its core competitive strengths accumulated over the years in the industry,
effectively captured structural growth opportunities and achieved growth in both financing transaction volume and
earnings quality against the market trend during the Reporting Period, further consolidating its leading industry
position.

POLICY SUPPORT

In the first half of 2026, the central and local governments continued to implement the policy framework of
“stabilizing growth, adjusting structure and preventing risks”, introducing multi-tiered and systematic policy measures
to steer the automotive industry towards stable operation under the dual objectives of high-quality development and
consumption promotion. The policies span multiple dimensions, including the trade-in program, NEV promotion, the
digital transformation of auto finance, export facilitation, and the regulatory governance of market conduct such as
“involution-style” competition, providing strong support for the sustained and healthy development of the automobile
market.

Trade-in initiatives continued to play a pivotal role in driving automobile consumption. In late December 2025,
eight government departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, issued the Implementation Rules for the 2026
Automobile Trade-in Subsidy (  《2026年汽車以舊換新補貼實施細則》                 ), providing subsidies of up to RMB20 thousand
for eligible vehicle scrappage and new vehicle purchases. During the Reporting Period, the policy entered the stage
of full implementation, gradually transforming from a short-term consumption stimulus measure into a long-term
mechanism for industrial restructuring, further driving the upgrading of China’s automobile consumption towards
NEVs and higher-quality products and injecting more sustainable growth momentum into the automobile market. In
the same month, the General Office of the State Council issued the Work Plan for Accelerating the Cultivation of New
Growth Drivers in Services Consumption ( 《加快培育服務消費新增長點工作方案》                     ), promoting full-chain innovation and
development in automobile distribution and consumption, supporting pioneering trials in key areas of the automotive
aftermarket, and strengthening consumer credit support by guiding financial institutions to partner with merchants
in developing products and services tailored to the characteristics of services consumption. The Group will seize
these policy opportunities, continue to deepen synergistic cooperation with dealers and financial institutions, and
further optimize product design and service processes, so as to help unlock automobile consumption potential and
drive high-quality business development. In March, the State Administration for Market Regulation issued the Notice
on Further Implementing the Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the People’s Republic of China (       《關於進一步貫徹落
實〈中華人民共和國反不正當競爭法〉的通知》                       ), proposing to prevent and address “involution-style” competition in
key industries such as NEVs and to promote the industry’s transition from price-based to value-based competition,
thereby fostering a more favorable development environment conducive to the long-term, healthy and orderly
development of the industry.




8           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Policy incentives for NEVs continued to drive the industry’s development momentum. In January 2026, the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology, together with five other ministries, jointly issued the Notice on Implementing
the Green Consumption Promotion Initiative (  《關於實施綠色消費推進行動的通知》                       ), which explicitly encourages the
supply of green products and promotes green, low-carbon consumption in areas such as NEVs, while accelerating
the rollout and adoption of NEVs in the public sector. In June 2026, five ministries and commissions, including
the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, jointly issued the Notice on Launching the 2026 NEV Rural
Promotion Campaign (   《關於開展2026年新能源汽車下鄉活動的通知》                       ), maintaining a focus on county-level markets
where penetration remains relatively low but growth potential is significant. On the automotive aftermarket front,
in June 2026, eight government departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, designated 40 pilot cities for
automobile distribution and consumption reform, identifying used-car distribution, vehicle modification, recreational
vehicles and camping, and end-of-life vehicle recycling as key directions for reform and innovation, with a focus on
removing unreasonable restrictions on automobile distribution and consumption. Concurrently, nine government
departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, issued the Notice on Certain Measures to Cultivate and Expand
Automotive Aftermarket Consumption (      《關於培育壯大汽車後市場消費若干措施的通知》                             ), setting out 17 specific
measures across six areas, including vehicle modification, recreational vehicles and camping, classic cars and car
rental, to promote the integrated development of the automotive aftermarket with commerce, tourism, culture, sports
and health. These policies signify that automobile consumption promotion is extending from pure purchase subsidies
to the full chain of “purchase + usage + aftermarket”, creating broader policy dividends for automobile distribution,
used-car transactions, auto finance and value-added services.

The above policy measures provide a clearer and more stable regulatory framework and development outlook for the
Group’s business development. Overall, policies such as the trade-in program, the promotion of NEVs in lower-tier
markets and interest subsidies are effectively unlocking latent automobile consumption demand, laying a sustainable
foundation for long-term auto finance demand. Beyond market-level support, the national policy orientation in
inclusive finance, digital finance and green finance is highly synergistic with the Group’s strategic pillars in FinTech
and NEV financing, providing strong support for the Group to optimize its business structure and enhance its
service capabilities. The Group will actively respond to these policy initiatives, continue to leverage its strengths in
risk management, technological innovation and operational expertise, and steadily enhance its business quality and
long-term sustainability.




                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026              9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




RISK FACTORS

The Group’s business model, financial position, results of operations and future prospects are subject to various
risks and uncertainties. Investors should carefully evaluate the risk factors and other relevant information contained
in this interim report. Although the Group endeavors to mitigate such risks through sound governance, internal
control systems and strategic planning, certain risks are inherent to the industries and markets in which we operate
and may be beyond our direct control.

1.    Macroeconomic Risks

      Our business is closely tied to the overall health of the macroeconomic environment, particularly in the PRC,
      where the majority of our business is located. In the first half of 2026, the global economic recovery remained
      uneven, the geopolitical landscape remained complex, and external uncertainties posed certain challenges
      to the Chinese economy. Domestically, although macro policies have continued to stimulate consumption
      and economic restructuring and upgrading have progressed steadily, the restoration of consumer confidence
      remains a gradual process, structural pressures in the employment market persist, and household balance
      sheets remain in a phase of adjustment.

      A continued deterioration of the macroeconomic environment, as evidenced by weakening consumer
      confidence and persistent employment pressures, would adversely affect the creditworthiness and repayment
      capacity of the Group’s customers. Such circumstances could lead to a deterioration in asset quality and
      an increase in impairment loss provisions, and could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial
      position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, as the Group has expanded into overseas markets
      such as Southeast Asia, overseas macroeconomic volatility and regional economic disparities may also have
      a potential impact on our international business.

2.    Financing Environment and Interest Rate Risks

      The Group’s operations require stable and cost-effective funding. Changes in the financing environment,
      including shifts in market liquidity, fluctuations in interbank funding costs and adjustments to monetary policy,
      may affect the Group’s access to funding and increase its borrowing costs. Although the PRC’s monetary
      policy generally maintains a prudent and accommodative tone, potential interest rate hike risks in the
      overseas macro environment may pose challenges to the Group’s fundraising and debt management.

      In addition, fluctuations in benchmark rates and market lending rates may give rise to interest rate
      mismatches, thereby affecting the Group’s net interest margin. Any failure to effectively manage the sensitivity
      of our assets and liabilities to interest rate movements could have a material adverse effect on our profitability,
      the fair value of our financial instruments and our overall liquidity position.




10          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




3.   Automotive Industry and Market Competition Risks

     The Group’s auto finance business is highly sensitive to cyclical and structural changes in the automotive
     industry. In the first half of 2026, competition in the automobile market remained intense, price wars
     continued to evolve, and industry consolidation accelerated. With NEV penetration continuing to rise, the
     market share of traditional internal combustion engine vehicles is shrinking at an accelerated pace, and
     technological iteration and shifting consumer demand place higher demands on industry participants. Any
     phase-out or adjustment of government support policies, such as national subsidies and vehicle purchase tax
     incentives, may lead to demand fluctuations and thereby reduce the Group’s new loan origination. Meanwhile,
     the competitive landscape is also evolving rapidly, with traditional financial institutions, FinTech platforms and
     automotive players competing intensely on pricing, service quality and customer reach. Any future escalation
     of competition may exert downward pressure on the Group’s market share, adversely affecting our overall
     revenue trajectory and sustainable profitability. In addition, used-car prices are significantly influenced by
     the pass-through of new-car price volatility, which may pose challenges to asset valuation and recovery
     efficiency.

4.   Regulatory Compliance and Policy Risks

     The Group operates in a highly regulated environment. Our business is subject to strict oversight by regulatory
     authorities, covering areas such as capital adequacy, leverage ratios, data privacy, consumer protection and
     corporate governance. Any failure to comply with existing regulations or to maintain the requisite licenses may
     result in administrative penalties, operational restrictions or reputational damage. Furthermore, the regulatory
     frameworks governing auto finance, financial leasing and FinTech services are characterized by continuous
     evolution and refinement. Should additional or more stringent laws, regulations or industry guidelines be
     introduced in the future, or should regulatory priorities shift, the Group may be required to adjust its business
     model, resulting in higher compliance costs or increased operational complexity. As the Group is actively
     expanding its overseas business, differences in regulatory requirements and legal environments across
     jurisdictions also place higher demands on the Group’s compliance management capabilities. Such regulatory
     developments may also affect the Group’s ability to pursue product innovation or specific market expansion
     strategies, thereby affecting our overall financial performance and competitive position.




                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026             11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS MODEL AND VALUE CREATION

Leveraging its leading automobile finance transaction platform in China, the Group is committed to empowering
the automobile consumption ecosystem through technology. Since its IPO, the Group has developed from its
initial focus on transaction platform business and self-operated financing business (as described in the Company’s
Prospectus). We outline our current core business models and value creation logic below. For detailed information
on the Group’s initial business model and its historical evolution, investors may refer to the “Business” section of the
Company’s Prospectus and the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of the Company’s annual reports
since its IPO.

Transaction Platform Business

Loan facilitation services represent the Group’s core asset-light business. Acting as a bridge connecting consumers,
auto dealers, and partnering financial institutions (such as banks), Yixin matches car buyers with customized auto
finance products through our digital platform. Under this model, the Group primarily generates revenue by charging
service fees to the partnering financial institutions for facilitating the transactions, while the financing or funding
is provided directly by the partnering financial institutions. The Group’s core value lies in “precise matching and
risk-technology empowerment.” For consumers, we provide a transparent, efficient, and one-stop auto financing
experience. For financial institutions, we leverage massive PBOC credit data, vast underlying transaction data
accumulated on our platform, and our proprietary big data risk assessment models to help them acquire high-quality
auto finance assets efficiently and at a lower cost. This significantly minimizes their customer acquisition costs and
credit assessment friction.

Driven by the ongoing digital upgrade of our own business and the expanding market demand for auto finance
digital services, the Group has modularized its mature auto finance technology capabilities to provide FinTech (SaaS)
solutions to regional commercial banks, automakers (OEMs), and large-scale auto dealer groups. We generate
revenue through transaction-based service fees based on the volume processed through our systems. The FinTech
(SaaS) business marks the Group’s strategic transition from a “transaction platform” to a “technology exporter”. Its
core value lies in commercializing Yixin’s market-tested technological capabilities – including system architecture,
AI-driven intelligent risk control, and post-financing management – to help upstream and downstream participants
in the industry chain accelerate their digital transformation. This not only yields stable and high-margin recurring
revenue for the Group but also deepens our technological moat within the broader auto finance ecosystem.

Self-operated Financing Business

This segment primarily consists of self-operated financing lease services. The Group directly provides automobile
financing to consumers with our financing lease products by utilizing our own capital or funds obtained through
diversified financing channels, thereby earning interest income. The financing business creates synergy and
complements our loan facilitation services. It enables the Group to serve customer segments across diverse credit
tiers and varying car buyers’ needs. This approach allows us to accumulate full-life-cycle vehicle and customer asset
management capabilities, further consolidating our economies of scale as an industry leader.




12           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW

In the first half of 2026, automobile sales came under short-term pressure due to the phase-out of subsidies and
subdued demand; nevertheless, Yixin Group achieved a sustainable growth by leveraging its leading platform
position and core technology strengths. The used vehicles business continued to deepen its presence, expanding
coverage of long-tail customers and enhancing its precision pricing capabilities. As the industry’s efforts to curb
“involution-style” competition and promote regulation began to bear fruit, growth in the new vehicles business
regained momentum. The FinTech business remained the core growth driver, delivering efficient, precise and
scalable technology solutions to its partners. In addition, the Group continued to innovate its value-added product
portfolio to better fulfill customers’ lifecycle needs, further strengthening user stickiness and enhancing per-customer
value. Throughout the first half of 2026, amid a complex and evolving macro environment, the Group maintained
stable asset quality, achieved a well-balanced business structure responsive to market dynamics, and further
demonstrated its operational resilience.

AUTO FINANCING TRANSACTIONS

                                                                    Six months ended June 30,
                                             2026                               2025                      Year-on-year
                                    Number of                          Number of                     Number of
                                     financing    Financing             financing     Financing       financing      Financing
                                  transactions      amount           transactions       amount     transactions        amount
                                          ’000     RMB’000                   ’000     RMB’000                %              %
                                    Unaudited     Unaudited            Unaudited     Unaudited       Unaudited      Unaudited


New vehicles                                155        17,090,316           142     14,482,210           9.4%          18.0%
Used vehicles                               273        19,923,756           222     18,220,570          23.0%           9.3%


Total                                       428        37,014,072           364     32,702,780          17.7%          13.2%


NEV(1)                                      142        13,798,035            93      9,500,774          52.0%          45.2%


Note:

(1)      NEV encompasses both new and used vehicles.


Our total financing transactions increased by 17.7% year-on-year to 428 thousand for the Reporting Period,
compared to 364 thousand for the same period last year. The total financing amount increased by 13.2%
year-on-year to RMB37.0 billion for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB32.7 billion for the same period last
year.

For new vehicles financing, despite the decline in overall market transaction volume during the first half of the
year, we also see positive developments. The regulatory restrictions have rendered the market more orderly and
standardized, driving market share consolidation towards leading platforms. In addition, we continued to prioritize
partnerships with core mainstream brands and premium channels. These measures enabled the Group to achieve
growth against the backdrop of a subdued industry. During the Reporting Period, our new vehicle financing
transactions increased by 9.4% year-on-year to 155 thousand, compared to 142 thousand for the same period last
year. The financing amount increased by 18.0% year-on-year to RMB17.1 billion, compared to RMB14.5 billion for
the same period last year.




                                                                     YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For used vehicles financing, the Group deepened the value extraction from existing channels and extended service
coverage to more long-tail customers. Leveraging our technological strengths, data advantages and industry
experience accumulated over the years, we optimized service processes and implemented precise risk-based
pricing, continuously improving customer conversion rates while maintaining controllable risk levels. During the
Reporting Period, our used vehicles financing transactions increased by 23.0% year-on-year to 273 thousand,
compared to 222 thousand for the same period last year. The financing amount increased by 9.3% year-on-year
to RMB19.9 billion, compared to RMB18.2 billion for the same period last year. As a result, the proportion of our
used vehicles financing amount in our total vehicles financing amount is 54%. Although the used vehicles market
remained broadly flat year-on-year during the first half of this year, we remain optimistic about the long-term growth
potential of this segment. Key metrics such as the used-to-new vehicle transaction ratio and used vehicles finance
penetration rate still offer significant room for growth.

NEVs also delivered notable growth during the Reporting Period, driven on the one hand by the continued rise in
NEV penetration across both the new and used vehicle markets, and on the other hand by the Group’s expanded
business cooperation with NEV original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the first half of the year. During the
Reporting Period, our NEVs financing transactions increased by 52.0% year-on-year to 142 thousand, compared
to 93 thousand for the same period last year. The financing amount increased by 45.2% year-on-year to RMB13.8
billion, compared to RMB9.5 billion for the same period last year.

SAAS SERVICES

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s FinTech business maintained rapid growth, further consolidating its leading
position as a full-stack solutions provider in China’s auto finance industry. As the industry continues to transition
from “scale-driven” development towards a greater emphasis on efficiency and compliance, the value of FinTech
solutions in enhancing transaction efficiency, optimizing risk management and supporting partners’ day-to-day
operations has become increasingly evident. As a result, SaaS service is increasingly favored by customers.

During the Reporting Period, the FinTech segment generated revenue of RMB3.0 billion, representing a year-on-year
increase of approximately 59.5%. The total financing amount facilitated reached RMB26.3 billion, up approximately
72.2% from the same period last year. The penetration rate of NEVs in the new car financing segment further
increased to 69.0%.

As of June 30, 2026, the Group’s FinTech platform had established partnerships with around 80 financial
institutions, representing a continued increase from the end of 2025. The Group’s FinTech business now serves a
broad range of partners, including banks, financial leasing companies and OEMs, with both the breadth and depth
of cooperation continuously expanding and customer stickiness steadily improving.

Yixin advances its FinTech business via two synergistic models:

•     The “pure technology” model, which provided tech-driven solutions, facilitated financing amount of RMB2.5
      billion in the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year increase of 391.3%.

•     The “traffic + technology” model, which leverages the Group’s channel and data advantages to deliver
      end-to-end support from customer acquisition to asset operations, facilitated RMB23.8 billion in financing
      amount, marking a year-on-year growth of 61.4%.




14          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Key Indicators of FinTech Core Customers(1)

                                                                                              Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                          2026                   2025          Year-on-year
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000                    %
                                                                                      Unaudited              Unaudited


Average revenue per core customer                                                         121,801              122,794                   -1%


Percentage of revenue from core customers                                                     98%                   98%                      –


Note:

(1)     Core customers refer to financial institutions for whom the financing amount facilitated exceeds RMB100 million in the six months ended
        June 30, 2026.


The number of core customers of our FinTech platform increased from 15 as of June 30, 2025 to 24 as of June 30,
2026. These core customers continued to contribute a significant portion, representing 98% during the Reporting
Period, to the total revenue generated by our FinTech business. The average revenue per core customer (ARPCC)
slightly decreased to RMB121.8 million, reflecting a year-on-year drop of 1%.

Amid an industry-wide downtrend and an increasingly stringent regulatory environment, a growing number of
customers are choosing Yixin’s FinTech solutions. This reflects the organic integration of the Group’s technological
capabilities with its massive data assets, and further attests to its leading position in the industry.

TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION AND AI PRACTICES

In the first half of 2026, Yixin Group accelerated the execution of its dual-track strategy integrating technological
R&D and real-world applications, reinforcing its foundational principle of “technology-driven operations,
innovation-empowered industry enablement”. Through iterative large models upgrades and application-layer
technology innovations, the Group not only enhanced internal operational efficiency, but also catalyzed the intelligent
transformation of the auto finance industry.

In the first half of 2026, the Group continued to advance the upgrade of its AI strategy and achieved milestone
results. AI has evolved from isolated capability exploration to enterprise-grade application at scale, while the
strategic focus has been upgraded from “model-centric” to “system-centric” – that is, building a complete intelligent
system around the entire auto finance business process, comprising large models, agents, business systems, data
loops and human collaboration, enabling AI to gradually develop from an auxiliary tool into a vital productive force
for business operations.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had deployed 45 agents in real business scenarios, with
capabilities covering core business scenarios including marketing, risk management, approval and customer service,
processing an average of 230 thousand tasks per day and consuming approximately 360 million tokens. During the
Reporting Period, 90% of business processes were autonomously driven by Yixin’s auto finance Agentic AI, while
unit efficiency improved by 45.4%. Meanwhile, AI has been further extended from the pre-loan stage to in-loan
monitoring, further increasing coverage across the entire auto finance value chain. As AI is applied at scale across
more business processes, the Group’s overall operational efficiency continues to improve, laying the foundation for
further realizing economies of scale going forward.




                                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                      15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




These achievements are attributable to the comprehensive upgrade of the Group’s AI architecture. The Group has
completed its evolution from “model-driven” to “system-driven”. Through multi-agent collaboration, business process
orchestration and continuous learning mechanisms, AI is able to continuously refine its decision-making capabilities
based on business feedback, achieving a transformation from one-off inference to a continuously evolving intelligent
system. Compared with conventional AI applications that rely on the capabilities of a single model, this system
offers stronger business adaptability, a higher level of automation and faster iteration efficiency, forming an intelligent
capability that can be sustainably replicated across different business scenarios.

At the same time, the Group has continued to strengthen its AI governance framework. In response to the
financial industry’s stringent requirements for security, compliance and controllability, the Group has independently
established the “Harness” AI governance framework, spanning the three tiers of Human Harness, Agentic Harness
and Data Harness, enabling efficient collaboration among agents, human decision-making and business data. This
ensures that AI operates across the entire process with millisecond-level human-machine collaboration capability,
as well as end-to-end auditability, traceability and compliance, providing a solid safeguard for the large-scale
application of enterprise-grade AI.

The Group’s technological strength and industrialization achievements in AI have also continued to receive industry
recognition. In April 2026, the Group was invited to participate in the World Internet Conference Asia-Pacific
Summit, where it showcased a range of AI innovations that drew wide attention from industry, academia and
international institutions. In June, leveraging its full-stack AI technological capabilities and large-scale implementation
in auto finance scenarios, the Group received the “AI Innovation Enterprise Award” in Gelonghui’s “Golden Grid
Award” 2026 selection, becoming the only auto FinTech representative among the award-winning companies. These
accolades fully demonstrate the recognition by the industry and the capital markets of the Group’s AI research and
development capabilities, commercialization results and industry-empowering value, and further consolidate the
Group’s leading position in the intelligent transformation of auto finance.

Looking ahead, the Group will continue to deepen its “system-centric” AI strategy, further enhance the autonomous
execution capabilities of its agents, and continuously expand the depth of AI application across core scenarios
including customer management, risk management, asset management and operations management, so as to keep
raising the level of business automation and operational efficiency. The Group believes that AI will not only continue
to drive cost optimization and efficiency gains, but will also become an important engine for business innovation
and long-term growth in auto finance. Relying on its continuously accumulated data assets, industry experience and
in-house research and development capabilities, the Group will keep strengthening its intelligent competitive barriers
and create long-term, sustainable value for its customers, partners and shareholders.




16           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS

In the first half of 2026, the Group’s international business maintained steady development, making progress in both
deepening its presence in existing markets and expanding into new ones, with financing volume from international
operations of approximately US$150 million during the Reporting Period. In Singapore, the Group firmly maintained
its position as a leading local non-bank auto finance service provider, leveraging its dealer channel, the XPort
intelligent platform and banking partnerships to continuously expand the market, foster ecosystem synergies and
grow its business steadily. As of the end of June 2026, XPort covered nearly 1,100 local dealers, and cooperation
with local banks continued to deepen, consolidating the Group’s advantages across the industry chain. Following
the widespread digitalization of the channel, improvements in platform transaction efficiency, conversion rates and
finance penetration are expected to drive revenue growth in tandem with business scale. The partnerships have
connected the credit and disbursement processes of both parties, substantially enhancing financing approval
efficiency and customer conversion. In Malaysia, since entering the market in the fourth quarter of 2025, the
Group rose to become one of the top three local non-bank auto finance service providers in just three months,
recording an average monthly transaction volume of over 1,000 units in the first half of 2026, with cumulative loan
disbursements exceeding US$58.6 million. In respect of new market expansion, the Group completed preparatory
work for the Thailand market in the first half of the year and plans to formally enter the market by year-end, marking
the entry of its international footprint into a phase of multi-regional coordinated development.

In the second half of the year, the Group intends to continue to deepen its presence in Southeast Asia. While
consolidating its businesses in Singapore and Malaysia, the Group plans to actively evaluate and advance its
expansion into new markets such as Indonesia, with the aim of continuously increasing the contribution of its
international business to the Group’s growth.




                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




NON-IFRSS FINANCIAL MEASURES

To supplement the interim condensed consolidated financial information of the Group prepared in accordance
with the IFRSs, certain additional non-IFRSs financial measures (in terms of adjusted operating profit and adjusted
net profit) have been presented in this interim report. These unaudited non-IFRSs financial measures should be
considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, measures of the Group’s financial performance prepared in
accordance with the IFRSs. We believe that these non-IFRSs measures provide additional information to investors
and others in understanding and evaluating our interim condensed consolidated financial information in the same
manner as they help our management compare our financial results across accounting periods and with those of our
peer companies. In addition, these non-IFRS financial measures may be defined differently from similar terms used
by other companies.

Adjusted operating profit eliminates the effect of certain non-cash items and one-time events, namely: (i) fair value
changes arising from investee companies invested directly at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) amortization of
intangible assets resulting from asset and business acquisitions; and (iii) share-based compensation expenses
(“Adjusted Operating Profit”).

Adjusted net profit eliminates the effect of the aforesaid items, as well as share of results of investments in
associates and joint ventures relating to the Group’s passive investments in private equity funds, and any related tax
impact (“Adjusted Net Profit”).

The terms Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit are not defined under the IFRSs. The use of Adjusted
Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit has material limitations as an analytical tool, as they do not include all
items that impact our profit for the relevant periods. The effect of items eliminated from Adjusted Operating Profit
and Adjusted Net Profit is a significant component in understanding and assessing our operating and financial
performance.

In light of the foregoing limitations for Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit, when assessing our
operating and financial performance, you should not view Adjusted Operating Profit in isolation or as a substitute for
our operating profit, nor should you view Adjusted Net Profit in isolation or as a substitute for our net profit or any
other operating performance measure that is calculated in accordance with IFRSs. In addition, because these non-
IFRSs measures may not be calculated in the same manner by all companies, they may not be comparable to other
similarly-titled measures used by other companies.




18          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following tables reconcile our Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit for the periods presented to
the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with the IFRSs. Adjusted
Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit are not required by, or presented in accordance with the IFRSs.

                                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                               2026                        2025
                                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                           Unaudited                   Unaudited


Operating profit                                                                                               975,055                    799,695
Add:
Fair value changes arising from investee companies(1)                                                             (2,407)                   23,758
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and
  business acquisitions                                                                                          25,764                     25,765
Share-based compensation expenses                                                                                90,097                     58,764


Adjusted operating profit                                                                                    1,088,509                    907,982


                                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                               2026                        2025
                                                                                                            RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                           Unaudited                   Unaudited


Net profit                                                                                                     703,632                    548,678
Add:
Fair value changes arising from investee companies(1)                                                           (19,572)                    19,711
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and
  business acquisitions                                                                                          25,719                     25,721
Share of results of certain equity method investments(2)                                                         57,698                          –
Share-based compensation expenses                                                                                83,191                     54,096


Adjusted net profit                                                                                            850,668                    648,206


Note:


(1)     Represents fair value changes of investments measured at fair value through profit or loss.


(2)     Represents the Group’s share of results of investments in associates and joint ventures relating to its passive investments in private equity
        funds.


ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT

Our adjusted operating profit was RMB1,089 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB908 million for the
same period last year. The increase was mainly due to the increase in gross profit.

ADJUSTED NET PROFIT

Our adjusted net profit was RMB851 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB648 million for the same
period last year. The increase was mainly due to the increase in operating profit.



                                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                         19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026 COMPARED TO SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30,
2025

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s core business maintained steady growth, with adjusted net profit
increasing by 31% year-on-year, demonstrating the resilience of its business model and the effectiveness of
its operating strategy. In the first half of 2026, despite the industry-wide regulatory tightening, our revenue
continued to grow. At the same time, lower funding costs and commission expenses provided further support to
profitability, resulting in a 38% year-on-year increase in gross profit. Benefiting from the increasing contribution of
our higher-margin used car financing business facilitated through our platform, our gross profit margin achieved
a structural improvement, reaching 65%. Meanwhile, operational efficiency was continuously enhanced, and R&D
investment maintained steady growth, reinforcing our technological foundation. The following table sets forth the
comparative figures for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                         2026                2025        Year-on-year
                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000                  %
                                                                     Unaudited           Unaudited


Revenues                                                               6,177,141          5,452,057               13%
Cost of revenues                                                      (2,188,946)        (2,565,854)             -15%
Gross profit                                                           3,988,195          2,886,203               38%
Selling and marketing expenses                                          (531,700)          (487,287)               9%
Operation and servicing expenses                                        (262,232)          (164,563)              59%
Administrative expenses                                                 (376,225)          (271,840)              38%
Research and development expenses                                       (225,083)          (172,487)              30%
Credit impairment losses                                              (1,678,081)        (1,043,375)              61%
Other income and other gains, net                                         60,181              53,044              13%
Operating profit                                                         975,055            799,695               22%
Finance cost, net                                                        (40,893)            (17,553)            133%
Share of (losses)/profits of investments accounted
  for using the equity method                                           (86,814)              9,000                N/A
Profit before income tax                                                847,348             791,142                7%
Income tax expense                                                     (143,716)           (242,464)             -41%
Profit for the period                                                   703,632             548,678               28%


Non-IFRSs measure
Adjusted operating profit                                             1,088,509            907,982                20%
Adjusted net profit                                                     850,668            648,206                31%




20          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




REVENUES

Our total revenues increased by 13% year-on-year to RMB6,177 million for the Reporting Period, compared to
RMB5,452 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the growth of the transaction platform business. The
following table sets forth the comparative figures for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025.

                                                                                   Six months ended June 30,
                                                                             2026                                    2025
                                                                            % of total         Year-on-                     % of total
                                                          RMB’000           revenues               year    RMB’000          revenues
                                                         Unaudited                                        Unaudited


Revenues
Transaction platform business
SaaS services                                             2,988,694                48%             60%    1,873,371              34%
Loan facilitation services                                  740,995                12%            -48%    1,420,560              26%
Other platform services                                   1,265,106                20%             20%    1,051,722              19%
  Guarantee services                                      1,139,239                18%             22%      937,339              17%
  Value-added services                                      125,867                 2%             10%      114,383               2%
Subtotal                                                  4,994,795                80%             15%    4,345,653              79%
Self-operated financing business
Financing lease services                                  1,146,095                19%              6%    1,079,515              20%
  From new transactions during
    the period                                              124,436                  2%           -33%         185,995            4%
  From existing transactions
    in prior periods                                      1,021,659                17%             14%      893,520              16%
Other self-operated services(1)                              36,251                 1%             35%       26,889               1%
Subtotal                                                  1,182,346                20%              7%    1,106,404              21%


Total                                                     6,177,141               100%             13%    5,452,057             100%


Note:

(1)     Include revenues from operating lease services, automobile sales and other revenues.




                                                                           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026             21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Transaction platform business

Revenues from our transaction platform business increased by 15% year-on-year to RMB4,995 million for the
Reporting Period, compared to RMB4,346 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in
revenue of our SaaS services and guarantee services. Our transaction platform business contributed 80% of total
revenues for the Reporting Period, compared to 79% for the same period last year.

Revenues from our SaaS services demonstrated significant growth, reaching RMB2,989 million for the Reporting
Period, supported by a facilitated transaction amount of RMB26.3 billion. This represents a 60% year-over-year
revenue increase and a 72% expansion in transaction scale. The substantial growth in facilitated transaction
volume was primarily attributable to our collaboration with an expanded network of financial institutions. The take
rate (calculated as SaaS revenue divided by facilitated transaction amount) decreased from 12.3% for the same
period last year to 11.4% for the Reporting Period, primarily reflecting the industry-wide rectification of pricing and
commission practices since mid-2025. As industry pricing continued to normalise, the Group’s take rate declined as
revenue-sharing ratios with funding partners adjusted downward. Nevertheless, lower commission expenses largely
offset the impact, allowing the Group to maintain stable unit economics and resilient profitability. Notwithstanding the
lower take rate, the 72% growth in facilitated transaction amount more than offset the impact of the rate reduction,
driving a 60% year-over-year increase in SaaS revenue for the Reporting Period.

Revenues from our loan facilitation services decreased by 48% year-on-year to RMB741 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB1,421 million for the same period last year. This decrease was primarily attributable to the
Company’s strategic transition toward emphasizing its SaaS offerings, reflecting a deliberate shift in business focus
aimed at enhancing long-term growth and scalability.

Revenues from our other platform services increased by 20% to RMB1,265 million for the Reporting Period,
compared to RMB1,052 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in revenue from guarantee
services. Our revenue from guarantee services was RMB1,139 million for the Reporting Period and increased by
22% from RMB937 million for the same period last year. This growth was primarily driven by a higher proportion
of used car transactions, which typically generate elevated guarantee fees, thereby contributing significantly to the
overall increase in guarantee revenue from this segment. Our revenue from our value-added services was RMB126
million for the Reporting Period. The Group continues to leverage various supplementary value-added services, such
as battery GAP insurance, to further enhance our service chain.

Self-operated financing business

Revenues from our self-operated financing business increased by 7% year-on-year to RMB1,182 million for the
Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,106 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the increase in
revenues from financing lease services.

Revenues from our financing lease services increased by 6% year-on-year to RMB1,146 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB1,080 million for the same period last year. This growth was primarily attributable to the
expansion of our asset scale. The quarterly average balance of net finance receivables increased from RMB29.3
billion in the corresponding period last year to RMB32.6 billion during the Reporting Period, providing a larger
interest-earning asset base and supporting the continued growth of interest income. The adjusted average yield of
our net finance receivables(1) was 9.4% for the Reporting Period, compared to 9.6% for the same period last year.
This minor change in yield primarily reflected our strategic asset mix optimization on our balance sheet – specifically,
we proactively increased our self-operated deployment in new car financing to prioritize high asset quality, while
prudently managing used car risk exposure on our own balance sheet.

Note:


(1)     Calculated by dividing revenues before the deduction of amortized directly attributable costs from financing lease services by quarterly
        average balance of net finance receivables.




22             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




COST OF REVENUES

For the Reporting Period, the Group’s cost of revenues was RMB2,189 million, representing a decrease of 15%
compared to the same period last year of RMB2,566 million, primarily due to the decrease in commissions
associated with transaction platform business, and the decrease in funding costs associated with self-operated
financing services.

Commissions decreased to RMB1,687 million from RMB2,051 million for the same period last year, primarily
reflecting the market-wide downward adjustment in commission rates under the industry-wide rectification of
pricing and commission practices since mid-2025. As service fees received from funding partners declined, the
Group calibrated commission payouts to its channel partners in tandem. This dynamic alignment underscores the
Group’s platform capabilities, underpinned by robust technology infrastructure and operational expertise in bridging
funding partners with channel partners. By efficiently coordinating both ends of the auto financing value chain, the
Group maintained broadly stable unit economics and sustained the resilience of its business model amid regulatory
changes. Furthermore, given that commissions to channel partners are typically paid in full upon origination while
service fees from funding partners are collected over the term of the underlying financing, the reduction in upfront
commission expenses shortened the payback period for each facilitated transaction and enabled transactions
to reach cash-flow positivity sooner, further improving the cash flow profile of the Group’s transaction platform
business.

Funding costs decreased to RMB453 million from RMB469 million in the same period last year, primarily driven
by the reduction in interest rates on new borrowings. The average cost rate(1) of the Group decreased to 3.4%
per annum for the Reporting Period, compared to 3.8% per annum for the same period last year. The reduction
in funding costs was attributable not only to the continued interest-rate-easing environment, which lowered
market-wide borrowing benchmarks, but also to the Group’s stronger proactive capability in optimizing its asset
portfolio and deepening investor engagement. As the Group’s asset quality and performance track record gained
further recognition, the Group was able to actively secure funding on more favorable terms, reinforcing its cost
advantages.

The following table sets out the cost details of each business type during the periods indicated below:

                                                                                        Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                2026                                        2025
                                                                               % of total             Year-on-                      % of total
                                                              RMB’000               cost                  year      RMB’000              cost
                                                                              Unaudited                                 Unaudited


Cost of revenues:
Transaction platform business                                1,713,621                  78%                  -17%   2,076,703            81%
Self-operated financing business                               475,325                  22%                   -3%     489,151            19%


Total                                                        2,188,946                100%                   -15%   2,565,854           100%


Note:

(1)     Calculated by dividing funding costs by quarterly average balance of interest-bearing liabilities.




                                                                               YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                 23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




GROSS PROFIT AND MARGIN

                                                                                            Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026                                  2025
                                                                             RMB’000       Margin                  RMB’000         Margin
                                                                                 Unaudited                             Unaudited


Segment gross profit and gross profit margins
Transaction platform business                                               3,281,174                66%          2,268,950          52%
Self-operated financing business                                              707,021                60%            617,253          56%


Total                                                                       3,988,195                65%          2,886,203          53%


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit was RMB3,988 million, representing an increase of 38%
compared to RMB2,886 million in the same period last year. For the Reporting Period and the first half of 2025, the
Group’s gross profit margin was 65% and 53% respectively.

Transaction platform business

The gross profit margin of our transaction platform business was affected by the change of net take rate. The
following table sets forth the net take rate during the periods indicated below:

                                                                                         Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                   2026                       2025
                                                                               Unaudited                  Unaudited           Change %


Net take rate(1)                                                                      6.8%                      4.8%                2.0%


Net take rate of the Group for the Reporting Period increased by 2.0 percentage points to 6.8% as compared with
the same period last year, mainly due to an expanded service fee margin, which resulted from a higher proportion of
used car financing and reduced funding costs from cooperative financial partners.

Note:

(1)     Calculated by dividing revenues excluding commissions by financing amounts from our transaction platform business.




24             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Self-operated financing business

The gross profit margin of our self-operated financing business was affected by the change of net interest spread.
The following table sets forth the net interest spread during the periods indicated below:

                                                                                           Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                    2026                  2025
                                                                                Unaudited             Unaudited         Change %


Net interest spread(1)                                                                  6.0%              5.8%              0.2%


Net interest spread of the Group for the Reporting Period increased by 0.2 percentage points to 6.0% as compared
with the same period last year. This was primarily due to a 0.4 percentage point decrease in the average cost of
interest-bearing liabilities, coupled with a 0.2 percentage point decrease in the adjusted average yield on the net
financial receivables.

Note:

(1)     Calculated as the difference between the adjusted average yield and the average cost rate.


SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

Selling and marketing expenses increased by 9% year-on-year to RMB532 million for the Reporting Period,
compared to RMB487 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the increase in professional services
and marketing fees. Share-based compensation expenses for our sales and marketing personnel were RMB5
million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB10 million for the same period last year. By eliminating the effect
of certain non-cash items, namely amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and business acquisitions
and share-based compensation expenses, the selling and marketing expenses increased by 11% year-on-year to
RMB501 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB452 million for the same period last year. The growth
in such expenses remained below the 13% increase in our total revenue, reflecting our disciplined spending and
improving operating efficiency.

OPERATION AND SERVICING EXPENSES

Our operation and servicing expenses increased by 59% year-on-year to RMB262 million for the Reporting Period,
compared to RMB165 million for the same period last year. The increase was primarily attributable to: (i) our gradual
transition towards in-house loan collection in response to tightened regulatory requirements on debt collection
practices, which drove higher staff costs, while we continued to engage third-party collection agencies for certain
delinquency stages as appropriate; (ii) higher impairment losses recognized on repossessed assets recovered
through our collection activities, as the prolonged price competition in the new car market continued to weigh on
used car prices; and (iii) the growth in our managed asset balance, which contributed to a lesser extent. We believe
that building our in-house collection capabilities enhances both the compliance and effectiveness of our recovery
operations, and supports the overall quality of our managed assets.




                                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026       25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Our administrative expenses increased by 38% year-on-year to RMB376 million for the Reporting Period, compared
to RMB272 million for the same period last year, primarily due to higher staff costs resulting from an increase in
headcount and market-based salary adjustments, as well as increased share-based compensation expenses arising
from newly granted share options and share awards. Share-based compensation expenses for our administrative
personnel were RMB77 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB41 million for the same period last year.
By eliminating the effect of certain non-cash items, namely amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and
business acquisitions, and share-based compensation expenses, the administrative expenses increased by 30%
year-on-year to RMB299 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB230 million for the same period last
year. As our revenue growth for the Reporting Period was moderated by the industry-wide rectification of pricing
and commission practices, the 30% growth in our adjusted administrative expenses, while higher than our revenue
growth, remained below the 38% growth in our gross profit. In addition, part of the increase was attributable to
upfront investments in our global expansion, specifically the costs of establishing new regional offices and scaling
our overseas teams.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

Our research and development expenses increased by 30% year-on-year to RMB225 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB172 million for the same period last year, primarily due to the increase in salaries and
compensations resulting from an increase in headcount and market-based salary adjustments. Share-based
compensation expenses for our research and development personnel were RMB6 million for the Reporting Period,
compared to RMB8 million for the same period last year. By eliminating the effect of certain non-cash item, namely
share-based compensation expenses, the research and development expenses increased by 33% year-on-year
to RMB219 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB165 million for the same period last year, primarily
attributable to our increased investment in artificial intelligence, including the expansion of our AI research and
engineering team and the comprehensive upgrade of our AI architecture as we evolved from a ‘model-driven’
approach to a ‘system-driven’ architecture, encompassing multi-agent collaboration capabilities and the scalable
deployment of AI across business scenarios. Further details of the upgrade are set out in the Business Review
section.

CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES

Credit impairment losses increased by approximately 61% year-on-year to RMB1,678 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB1,043 million for the same period last year. This was primarily attributable to three
factors: the expansion of the overall assets base, a higher proportion of used car financing assets, which carry
higher provision requirements, and an increase in the provision coverage ratio to strengthen resilience against
macroeconomic uncertainties. The following table sets forth a breakdown of the provision for assets of the Group for
the periods indicated:

                                                                  Six months ended June 30,
                                                    2026                           2025
                                              RMB’000    % of total          RMB’000    % of total         Change %


Provision for finance receivables               525,809            31%         299,000            29%            76%
Provision for other receivables                 581,922            35%         369,452            35%            58%
Provision for risk assurance liabilities        570,531            34%         365,067            35%            56%
Provision for trade receivables                    -181             0%           9,856             1%             N/A


Total                                         1,678,081           100%       1,043,375          100%             61%




26           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS, NET

Our other income and other gains, net was RMB60 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB53 million for
the same period last year. The change was primarily due to the exchange gains.

OPERATING PROFIT

Our operating profit for the Reporting Period increased by 22% year-on-year to RMB975 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB800 million for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in gross profit.

FINANCE COST, NET

Our finance cost, net for the Reporting Period was RMB41 million, compared to RMB18 million for the same period
last year. The increase was mainly attributable to higher interest expenses arising from increased borrowing balances
for operating activities.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Our income tax expense was RMB144 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB242 million for the
same period last year. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily attributable to: (i) our Hainan subsidiary
becoming eligible for the preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% applicable to encouraged enterprises in the
Hainan Free Trade Port during the Reporting Period; and (ii) the deduction of certain expenses for tax purposes
during the Reporting Period, for which no deferred tax assets had been recognized in prior years, which reduced
our current income tax expense accordingly.

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

Our profit increased by 28% year-on-year to RMB704 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB549 million
for the same period last year, mainly due to the increase in gross profit.

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board did not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the Reporting Period (2025: nil).

SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FROM OUR CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                              As at
                                                                     June 30,         December 31, Period-on-period
                                                                        2026                 2025           change
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000                %
                                                                    Unaudited              Audited


Carrying amount of finance receivables                              31,297,327          31,452,282               0%
Cash and cash equivalents                                            4,682,550           4,506,398               4%
Total borrowings                                                    32,372,550          31,279,599               3%
Current assets                                                      26,369,109          25,425,950               4%
Current liabilities                                                 21,091,402          22,085,647              -5%
Net current assets                                                   5,277,707           3,340,303              58%
Total equity                                                        16,788,481          16,953,794              -1%




                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           27
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCE RECEIVABLES

We provide financing lease services in our self-operated financing business segment, and in return, customers pay
us interest and principal on a monthly basis. Our carrying amount of finance receivables was RMB31.3 billion as at
June 30, 2026, which remained stable as compared to RMB31.5 billion as at December 31, 2025.

The following table sets forth our net finance receivables and the amount of provision for expected credit losses and
the corresponding provision to net finance receivables ratios as at the dates indicated:

                                                                                                         As at
                                                                                                June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                           (RMB’000, except for percentage)


Finance receivables, net (ending balance)                                                       32,459,415           32,599,769
Provision for expected credit losses (ending balance)                                           (1,162,088)          (1,147,487)
Provision to net finance receivables ratio(1)                                                       3.58%                3.52%


Note:

(1)     Provision for expected credit losses divided by net finance receivables.


Maturity Profile

The following table sets forth the maturity profile of the net finance receivables as of the dates indicated:

                                                                    June 30, 2026                     December 31, 2025
                                                               RMB’000             % of total         RMB’000         % of total


Maturity date
 Within 1 year                                               11,205,888                 35%         11,270,548             35%
 1 to 2 years                                                 8,570,130                 26%          8,467,029             26%
 2 to 3 years                                                 6,491,766                 20%          6,635,480             20%
 Above 3 years                                                6,191,631                 19%          6,226,712             19%


Total                                                        32,459,415                100%         32,599,769            100%


The maturity profile of the net finance receivables has remained stable as of June 30, 2026, compared to December
31, 2025. The stable and evenly distributed maturity profile of the Group’s net finance receivables is conducive to
maintaining healthy liquidity and generating sustainable cash inflows for the Group.




28             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OFF BALANCE-SHEET LOANS

Under the arrangements with certain financial institutions in our transaction platform business, the Group is obligated
to purchase the relevant loans upon certain specified events of default by car buyers. The total outstanding balance
of loans funded by financial institutions under such arrangements increased to RMB92.0 billion as at June 30,
2026, compared to RMB86.4 billion as at December 31, 2025. As of June 30, 2026, the risk assurance liabilities
recognized by the Group under such financial guarantee contracts were RMB2.9 billion, compared to RMB3.1 billion
as at December 31, 2025.

The asset performance of our financed transactions depends on our customers’ repayment capability and
willingness to pay. However, it is also affected by the uncertainties of the macro environment, which may affect
customer income stability. Taking into account the current quality of our portfolio and the potential volatility ahead,
we have made provisions for finance receivables and risk assurance liabilities that we believe are adequate to cover
the expected credit losses inherent in our portfolio.

DAY PAST DUE RATIO

The following table sets forth past due ratios for all financed transactions through both our self-operated financing
lease business and our transaction platform business to assess the overall quality of our financed transactions:

                                                                                                                     As at
                                                                                                            June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                                               2026                   2025


Past due ratio:
  180+ days(1)                                                                                                 1.12%                     1.31%
  90+ days (including 180+ days)(2)                                                                            1.92%                     1.89%


Notes:

(1)      180+ days past due net finance receivables from our self-operated financing lease business and past due outstanding loan balances from
         our transaction platform business divided by total net finance receivables and outstanding loan balances.

(2)      90+ days (including 180+ days) past due net finance receivables from our self-operated financing lease business and past due outstanding
         loan balances from our transaction platform business divided by total net finance receivables and outstanding loan balances.


As at June 30, 2026, our 180+ days past due ratio and 90+ days (including 180+ days) past due ratio for all
financed transactions through both our self-operated financing lease business and transaction platform business
were 1.12% and 1.92%, respectively (December 31, 2025: 1.31% and 1.89%, respectively). The Group continued to
strengthen its risk management capabilities during the Reporting Period, particularly through the broader application
of AI technologies across the credit lifecycle. These capabilities have enhanced customer screening, repayment
monitoring and collection effectiveness. As a result, the Group has further strengthened its risk management
framework and asset recovery capabilities. Notably, despite the increasing proportion of used car financing assets
within the portfolio, the past due ratios of 90+ days remained broadly stable, demonstrating the resilience of the
Group’s asset quality and the effectiveness of its risk management measures.




                                                                           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                       29
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DAY PAST DUE RATIO BY VINTAGE

DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage is defined as the total balance of outstanding principal of a vintage for which
any payment is over 30 calendar days past due as of a particular date (adjusted to reflect the total amount of
recovered principal after write-offs), divided by the total initial principal in such vintage. Months on book, or MOB,
is the number of complete calendar months that have elapsed since the calendar month in which the assets were
originated, measured at the end of each calendar month.

In line with the evolution of our operational management, we have updated our disclosure methodology for the
Reporting Period. We have transitioned from monitoring asset quality solely by vehicle type (new vs. used) to a
more sophisticated approach based on customer credit pricing tiers. This segmentation allows for a more granular
assessment of portfolio performance and better reflects the Company’s differentiated risk management strategies.

The Group categorizes borrowers into three distinct segments – Tier I (Upmarket), Tier II (Prime), and Tier III (Near
Prime).

The following chart depicts the DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage as of June 30, 2026, for all Tier I Customer
Segment that have been originated by us from 2021.


  Dpd 30+ by Vintage for Tier I Customer Segment
 6.0%


 4.0%


 2.0%


 0.0%
        0   2   4   6   8   10 12 14 16 18 20 22 24 26 28 30 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 52 54
                                2021        2022        2023       2024        2025




30          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following chart depicts the DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage as of June 30, 2026, for all Tier II Customer
Segment that have been originated by us from 2021.


  Dpd 30+ by Vintage for Tier II Customer Segment
 6.0%

 5.0%

 4.0%

 3.0%

 2.0%

 1.0%

 0.0%
         0   2   4   6   8   10 12 14 16 18 20 22 24 26 28 30 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 52 54
                                    2021       2022        2023       2024       2025



The following chart depicts the DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage as of June 30, 2026, for all Tier III Customer
Segment that have been originated by us from 2021.


   Dpd 30+ by Vintage for Tier III Customer Segment
  6.0%

  5.0%

  4.0%

  3.0%

  2.0%

  1.0%

  0.0%
         0   2   4   6   8   10 12 14 16 18 20 22 24 26 28 30 32 34 36 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 52 54
                                    2021        2022        2023       2024        2025



Although the asset quality metrics of the Tier III cohorts have moderated relative to other tiers, this reflects a
deliberate strategy to serve customer segments with higher expected risk and correspondingly higher returns. These
customers have contributed incremental revenue and profit growth during the Reporting Period. The observed credit
performance remains within our underwriting expectations and provisioning assumptions, and the enhanced pricing
of these assets continues to more than compensate for the higher expected credit costs. As a result, these cohorts
remain accretive to earnings and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns after provisions.




                                                           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026          31
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Internal Control

The Company has developed comprehensive risk management and internal control systems to address the credit
risks that the Company is exposed to, being the Company’s principal exposure. The Company has implemented the
credit assessment process, which focuses on a consumer’s ability and willingness to pay its financial obligations,
and developed our data-driven credit assessment system, which is tailored to our business model. Our credit
assessment and approval policies are similar across our service categories or product lines. While applicants may
choose different financing product offerings based on their different financing needs, all applicants go through a
similar credit assessment and approval process governed by similar policies and receive credit decisions, regardless
of the product lines being applied for. We implement similar credit risk management measures across our service
categories or product lines, by actively monitoring historical past due ratio and continuously improving our data
analytics capabilities, as well as executing post-financing management and loss recovery measures by leveraging
the vehicle telematics systems installed on all automobiles financed by us. For details, please refer to “Business –
Risk Management and Internal Control – Credit Risk Management” of the Prospectus.

Further, the Group implemented classification management of finance receivables that accurately reveals the asset
risk profile and tracks the quality of assets primarily by obtaining information on the qualification of assets. On such
basis, we have deployed management resources and efforts in a focused manner to effectively implement measures
on classification management, and have strengthened risk anticipation and the relevance of risk prevention to
improve the ability to control asset risks.

We also continue to monitor and review the operation and performance of our risk management and internal control
systems, and adapt to the changes in market conditions, our product and service offerings, and the regulatory
environment. Since the listing of the Company on November 16, 2017, the Company has adopted a series of
internal policies to further set out detailed procedures in relation to credit assessment and approval procedures,
post-financing management and loss recovery.

Credit Assessment and Approval Procedures

Our credit assessment and approval procedures include: assessment and approval, request of settlement, and
settlement.

Assessment and Approval

We use a holistic approach to implement our assessment and approval procedures, which consist of automatic
preliminary assessment, screening, and manual assessment.

When an applicant submits an application through our online channels, we perform automated preliminary
assessment based on the applicant’s key information such as ID card and cell phone number through our anti-fraud
system and credit scoring system. In the meantime, we will also check the applicant’s credit report through the PBC
Credit Reference Center and investigate any criminal track record from the public security system. The automatic
assessment will yield a preliminary result on the creditworthiness of the applicant, based on which we will decide
whether further manual assessment process is required. Our anti-fraud system and the credit scoring system
collectively encompass over 40 models that analyze massive data including user profile, behavior data, credit data,
consumption data and other information relating to the credit worthiness of applicants, as well as the specifics and
valuation of the automobiles that the applicant is purchasing and the amount of down payment.

When an applicant submits an application through our network dealer, a service consultant will meet and
communicate with the applicant face to face to form a preliminary judgment on the creditworthiness of the applicant,
collect key information and required documents, and submit them to the Risk Management Center of the Company
for assessment. We would conduct an automatic preliminary assessment based on the information and documents
provided, as screening is not a standalone procedure during which we make credit assessment decisions.




32           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




After evaluating the results of automatic preliminary assessment, we will decide if additional information is needed
to further assess the creditworthiness of the applicant. The information and documents we may need cover (i)
information of the related automobile, (ii) the credit profile of the applicant or the guarantor(s), if necessary, (iii)
the key leasing term including proper down-payment ratio, and (iv) the completeness of the requested supporting
documents and certificates. In addition, we may conduct telephone interviews or home visits in the manual
assessment process, if necessary.

Request of Draw-down

We will not process the request of draw-down from an applicant unless each of the following requirements has been
fulfilled:

•      The automobile purchase agreement must be duly executed by the parties named in the approved application
       package.

•      The invoice must be duly stamped. The transaction amount and the VIN on the invoice must be consistent
       with our records in the system.

•      A valid repayment account must be available.

Draw-down of Loans

After a request of draw-down that satisfies our requirements has been duly processed, we will initiate the
procedures for draw-down of the loan. We will not settle for an applicant unless each of the following requirements
has been fulfilled:

•      All the legal documents and agreements must have been duly signed with the witness by our own staff or the
       staff of the relevant dealership store and a photo of the onsite signing has been uploaded to our system.

•      The underlying automobiles have been properly pledged to us, where appropriate.

•      The required insurance policy and the vehicle telematics systems are in place.

Post-Financing Management

Our post-financing management process includes the following steps:

•      Our post-financing management team will make welcome calls to our new consumers within 15 days after
       settlement in order to understand their customer experience as well as identify early stage of potential risk of
       delinquency.

•      Our post-financing management team monitors the status of GPSs installed on the subject automobiles on a
       daily basis.

•      In order to ensure that the consumers’ repayments are on schedule, the post-financing service team will send
       reminders via text messages three days prior to the repayment due dates.

If any delinquency arises or any abnormal behavior in consumers is observed by us, we will initiate our collection
process, which includes the following:

•      Our customer service team or outsourced call center team will remind the consumer of the repayment and
       send a collection notice to the said consumer within 10 days after the due date;



                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            33
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




•     Our outsourced local collection specialists may conduct an on-site collection if there is any further delay;

•     In the case of serious delinquency, based on the terms of the contract, we may investigate, monitor and
      track the automobile to re-possess the automobile directly and implement other necessary measures within
      the legal boundaries; and

•     Ultimately, we reserve the right to take legal action against the delinquent consumer.

Loss Recovery

Our asset management center is responsible for repossessing automobiles arising from overdue payments and
disposing of such automobile via auction, consignment or re-acquisition. We will recover, minimise or mitigate our
losses through such measures.

After our asset management center collects the automobile with the support of outsourced local collection
specialists, it will assess the automobile condition and obtain proper third-party appraisal reports with respect to
the automobile. We will enter into direct negotiation with the consumer to ascertain the possibility of re-acquisition
of the automobile by the consumer. If the consumer waives the re-acquisition right or does not respond within the
prescribed period, the asset management center may assess the disposal value based on the relevant materials
such as the used automobile appraisal reports. After the licenses and compliance status and the residual lease have
been confirmed, the asset management center will initiate bidding for the repossessed automobile.

In the event that the financing receivable is overdue for 360 days, we may consider writing off the relevant receivable
according to our leased assets impairment policy. Based on our past experience, we believe that financing
receivables overdue for less than 360 days have a reasonable likelihood of being collected, and we believe it is
within industry practice to assess and consider writing off finance receivables that are past due for over 360 days.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

As at June 30, 2026, our cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB4,683 million, compared to RMB4,506 million
as at December 31, 2025. Our overall cash position remained stable, supported by positive net cash inflows from
operating activities and our diversified funding channels.

As at June 30, 2026, RMB4,125 million of our cash and cash equivalents were denominated in RMB, compared to
RMB4,099 million as at December 31, 2025.

Our net cash generated in operating activities was RMB502 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,536
million for the same period last year, primarily attributable to increased cash outflows for loan disbursements driven
by the expansion of our overseas self-operated business.

BORROWINGS AND SOURCE OF FUNDS

By leveraging our leading industry position as well as prudent risk management track record, we gained more
recognition by financial institutions, and further expanded funding channels to support the funding needs of the
Group.

As at June 30, 2026, our total borrowings were RMB32.4 billion, compared to RMB31.3 billion, as at December
31, 2025. The increase was mainly due to the increase in the scale of business. Total borrowings were comprised
of: (i) asset-backed securities and asset-backed notes of RMB12.0 billion as at June 30, 2026; and (ii) bank loans
and borrowings from other institutions of RMB20.4 billion. Asset-backed securities and asset-backed notes as a
percentage of our total borrowings was 37% as at June 30, 2026.




34          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Details of the currencies, maturities and interest rates of the borrowings are set out in Note 25 to the interim
condensed consolidated financial statements.

As at June 30, 2026, Yixin, as the original owner and sponsor, has issued in aggregate 95 standardized products,
totaling RMB77.6 billion, on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, National Association of Financial Market Institutional
Investors, and Shanghai Insurance Exchange, etc. Notable achievements for the Reporting Period include:

(1)      The asset-backed securities under the series of “Tianfeng – 2026 Xinchi No. 4” (天風-2026 鑫馳 4 期) were
         issued by the Group in March 2026, achieving a low coupon rate of 2% for its senior A1 tranche; and

(2)      In March 2026, the Group completed the first overseas syndicated loan drawdown. The total amount of this
         syndicated loan reached US$150 million equivalent, with Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited and Bank of
         Communications Co., Ltd., Macau Branch serving as joint lead arranger and bookrunner, attracting the active
         participation of nine well-known domestic and overseas banks.

NET CURRENT ASSETS

Our net current assets increased by 58% to RMB5,278 million as at June 30, 2026, compared to RMB3,340 million
as at December 31, 2025. Our current assets were RMB26.4 billion as at June 30, 2026, compared to RMB25.4
billion as at December 31, 2025, primarily due to the increase of cash and cash equivalents as well as restricted
cash. Our current liabilities were RMB21.1 billion as at June 30, 2026, compared to RMB22.1 billion as at December
31, 2025, primarily due to the decrease of current borrowings.

TOTAL EQUITY

Our total equity decreased to RMB16.8 billion as at June 30, 2026, compared to RMB17.0 billion as at December
31, 2025, primarily due to the impact of declaration and distribution of dividends for the year of 2025, which was
partially offset by the net profit generated during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                                                 As at
                                                                                                                       June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                                          2026                  2025


Current ratio (times)(1)                                                                                                    1.25                 1.15
Gearing ratio(2)                                                                                                            59%                  58%
Debt to equity ratio (times)(3)                                                                                             1.93                 1.85

Notes:

(1)      Current ratio is our current assets divided by our current liabilities at the end of each financial period.

(2)      Gearing ratio is net debt divided by total capital at the end of each financial period. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings plus lease
         liabilities, less our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Total capital is calculated as total equity plus net debt.

(3)      Debt to equity ratio is total borrowings plus lease liabilities divided by total equity at the end of each financial period.




                                                                                  YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                      35
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Current Ratio

Our current ratio increased from 1.15 as at December 31, 2025 to 1.25 as at June 30, 2026, mainly due to the
increase in the current assets of the Group.

Gearing Ratio

Our gearing ratio was 59% as at June 30, 2026, which remained stable as compared to 58% at December 31,
2025.

Debt to Equity Ratio

Our debt to equity ratio increased from 1.85 as at December 31, 2025 to 1.93 as at June 30, 2026, remaining at
moderate levels. The slight increase was mainly attributable to the net increase in borrowings during the Reporting
Period.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND INVESTMENTS

                                                                                 Six months ended June 30,
                                                                                       2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


Purchase of property and equipment and non-current assets                              54,953               19,982
Purchase of intangible assets                                                           9,723                5,407
Investments in financial assets at fair value through profit
  or loss and derivative instruments                                                  203,299                2,501
Investments in associates in the form of ordinary shares                                2,099                1,391


Total                                                                                 270,074               29,281


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Our Group’s subsidiaries primarily operate in the PRC. Although the Group has certain overseas assets and
operations, which are primarily denominated in USD and SGD, such operations are generally financed and managed
locally. Cross-border settlements are limited and therefore the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk is not
significant. Foreign exchange risk mainly arises from foreign-currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities
maintained by certain subsidiaries.


Details of the currencies in which cash and cash equivalents are held and in which borrowings are made are set out
in Note 19 and Note 25 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements, respectively.




36          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

On June 13, 2018, the Company and Yusheng, a company principally engaged in used automobile transaction
business and an independent third party, entered into a convertible note purchase agreement (the “Convertible
Note Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which Yusheng agreed to issue, and the Company agreed to purchase,
the convertible note (the “Convertible Note”) in the principal amount of US$260 million (equivalent to approximately
HK$2,040 million). The Convertible Note is interest free and convertible into 13 million non-voting Series Pre-A
preferred shares of Yusheng with a par value of US$0.0001 per share (the “Series Pre-A Preferred Shares”) at
the conversion price of US$20.00 (equivalent to approximately HK$156.93). The Series Pre-A Preferred Shares
convertible under the Convertible Note represent an interest of approximately 40.63% in the share capital of
Yusheng assuming full subscription of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 preferred shares of Yusheng by the investors
under the securities subscription agreement separately entered into by them with Yusheng and that all the equity
securities which Yusheng intends to reserve for issuance pursuant to its future employee equity incentive plan
have been issued. The Convertible Note will mature on June 12, 2038 (the “Maturity Date”) or such later date
as otherwise agreed by the Company and Yusheng. Unless converted into Series Pre-A Preferred Shares prior to
the Maturity Date, the outstanding principal of the Convertible Note will be due and payable upon demand by the
Company on the Maturity Date or any time thereafter.

As consideration for the subscription of the Convertible Note, the Company agreed to (i) pay a cash consideration of
US$21 million (equivalent to approximately HK$165 million), and (ii) provide certain cooperation services to Yusheng
and/or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the business cooperation agreement dated June 13, 2018 entered into
between the Company and Yusheng. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
June 13, 2018.


In November 2019 and December 2020, the Company subscribed for additional convertible note issued by Yusheng
with a cash consideration of US$43 million (equivalent to approximately HK$335 million) and a cash consideration
of US$12 million (equivalent to approximately HK$95 million), respectively, to further strengthen our cooperation
relationship with Yusheng in used automobile business.


In July 2023, the Company subscribed for additional convertible note issued by Yusheng with a cash consideration
of US$12 million (equivalent to approximately HK$94 million), to further strengthen our cooperation relationship with
Yusheng in used automobile business.


On April 21, 2026, upon the conversion of the convertible notes issued by Yusheng, the Company became a
registered Shareholder of Yusheng, holding 15,150,000 Series Pre-A Shares, 548,718 Series B Shares and 462,981
Series C-2 Shares.


On May 6, 2026, Yusheng submitted a listing application to the Stock Exchange. For further details of Yusheng’s
business and prospects, please refer to the application proof of Yusheng published on the website of the Stock
Exchange.


As at June 30, 2026, the fair value of our investment in Yusheng was US$373,590,000 (equivalent to approximately
RMB2,544,484,000) (December 31, 2025: US$362,387,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,547,146,000)) which
constituted 4.6% of the total assets of the Group (December 31, 2025: 4.7%).

Save as disclosed above, we did not hold any significant investments in the equity interests of any other companies
for the Reporting Period.




                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           37
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in this interim report, as at June 30, 2026, we did not have any plans for material investments
and capital assets.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. As part of our retention
strategy, we offer employees competitive salaries, performance-based cash bonuses and other incentives. We
primarily recruit our employees through recruitment agencies, on-campus job fairs, industry referrals, and online
channels.

As at June 30, 2026, we had 5,241 full-time employees (December 31, 2025: 4,773). In line with the performance of
the Group and individual employees, a competitive remuneration package is offered to retain employees, including
salaries, discretionary bonuses and contributions to benefit plans (including pensions). Employees of the Group are
eligible participants of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the First Share Award Scheme (which was terminated with
effect from July 9, 2024), the Second Share Award Scheme and the 2024 Share Scheme, the details of which are
set out in the Prospectus and Note 21 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

In addition to on-the-job training, we have adopted a training policy, pursuant to which various internal and external
training courses are provided to our employees.

The total remuneration cost (including share-based compensation expenses) incurred by the Group for the Reporting
Period was RMB746 million, compared to RMB614 million for the same period last year.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

The Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies for the
Reporting Period.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

Certain deposits placed with banks were used as pledged assets for the Group’s bank borrowings and bank
notes as well as loan facilitation services. Certain finance receivables were used as pledges for the borrowings and
securitization transactions. For more details, please refer to Notes 19 and 25 to the interim condensed consolidated
financial statements.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at June 30, 2026, we did not have any material contingent liabilities (December 31, 2025: nil).




38          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at June 30, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code were as follows:

(i)      Interests in the Shares and underlying Shares

                                                                           Number of Shares
                                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                                     underlying                          Approximate
                                         Personal           Corporate                                    Shares               Total percentage of
Name of Director                        interest(6)          interest(6)    Other interest(6)       interested(6)        interests(7) issued Shares(8)


Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang               153,466,189 (L)      80,000,000(L)(2)                    –    285,939,868(L)(1)    519,406,057(L)              7.63%
                                                       80,000,000(S)(2)                                               80,000,000(S)              1.18%
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang          113,871,952(L)      65,425,748(L)(3)     573,885,842(L)(4)                  –     753,183,542(L)             11.07%
Mr. Zhi Gao                         5,931,333 (L)      23,100,000(L))(5                    –     80,517,167(L)(6)    109,548,500(L)              1.61%


Notes:

(1)      Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang’s entitlement to receive up to 218,363,921 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options as well as 67,575,947 award
         Shares granted to him under the 2024 Share Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options and awards.

(2)      The corporate interest of Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang arises through his interest in INIPEAC Limited which is wholly-owned by Mr. Andy Xuan
         Zhang and holds 80,000,000 Shares in long position and 80,000,000 Shares in short position.

(3)      The corporate interest of Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang arises through his interest in each of HCM IV Limited and Hammer Capital Management
         Limited. HCM IV Limited which holds 3,318,738 Shares, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hammer Capital Management Limited. Hammer
         Capital Management Limited which also holds 62,107,010 Shares, is wholly-owned by Mr. Tsang Ling Kay Rodney. Accordingly, Mr. Tsang
         Ling Kay Rodney is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which HCM IV Limited and Hammer Capital Management
         Limited are interested under the SFO.

(4)      The other interest of Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang arises through his deemed interest in the Shares pursuant to the Voting Agreement as
         defined under note 1 to the section headed “Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares of the
         Company” of this interim report. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited, is entitled to the
         votes attached to 573,885,842 Shares. Accordingly, Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited, is deemed to be interested in
         such Shares under the SFO.

(5)      The corporate interest of Mr. Zhi Gao arises from his interest in G3 Fortune Assets Limited. This company, which holds 23,100,000 Shares,
         is wholly owned by the G3 Family Settlement, of which Mr. Gao is the founder with the ability to influence the trustee’s exercise of discretion.

(6)      Mr. Zhi Gao’s entitlement to receive up to 63,317,167 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options as well as 17,200,000 award Shares
         granted to him under the 2024 Share Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options and awards.

(7)      The letter “L” and “S” denotes long position and short position in such Shares and underlying Shares, respectively.

(8)      The percentages are calculated on the basis of 6,805,211,534 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.




                                                                                YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                          39
OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (CONTINUED)

(ii)     Interests in the shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                Number of ordinary shares
                                          Beneficiary
                                            of a trust                                   Number of                                  Approximate
                                        (other than a                                    underlying                                  percentage
                                        discretionary                 Personal               shares                   Total            of issued
Name of Director                             interest)               interest(3)        interested(3)            Interests(3)           shares(4)


Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang                                      –       1,680,000(L)          4,080,000(L)(1)         5,760,000(L)                   8.92%
Mr. Wai Yip Tsang                                        –         160,488(L)            147,277(L)(2)           307,765(L)                   0.01%


Notes:

(1)      Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang’s entitlement to shares related to outstanding (i) 1,130,000 underlying shares in respect of the options granted under
         Yiche Holding’s 2025 Share Incentive Plan; and (ii) 2,950,000 underlying shares in respect of the options granted under Yiche Holding’s
         employee incentive plan.

(2)      Mr. Wai Yip Tsang’s entitlement to shares related to outstanding (i) 47,900 underlying shares in respect of the restricted share units granted
         by Tencent; and (ii) 99,377 underlying shares in respect of the options granted by Tencent.

(3)      The letter “L” denotes long position in such shares and underlying shares, respectively.

(4)      The percentage is calculated on the basis of 64,608,739 ordinary shares of Yiche Holding, in respect of the interests held by Mr. Andy Xuan
         Zhang, and 9,092,234,841 ordinary shares of Tencent, in respect of the interests held by Mr. Wai Yip Tsang, in issue as at June 30, 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were required to be
(a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under such provisions of the SFO);
or (b) recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c)
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




40              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at June 30, 2026, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following persons
(other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the Shares or
underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                             Number of              Approximate
                                                                                                                 Shares            percentage of
Name of Substantial Shareholder                      Nature of interest                                     interested(3)        issued Shares(4)


Tencent Mobility Limited(1)                          Beneficial owner                                   489,922,607(L)                    7.20%
THL H Limited(1)                                     Beneficial owner                                   931,604,940(L)                   13.69%
Morespark(1)                                         Beneficial owner                                 2,093,833,612(L)                   30.77%
                                                     Beneficial owner                                    21,106,272(S)                    0.31%
Tencent(1)                                           Interest of controlled corporation               3,515,361,159(L)                   51.66%
                                                     Interest of controlled corporation                  21,106,272(S)                    0.31%
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang(2)                         Beneficial owner                                   113,871,952(L)                    1.67%
                                                     Interest of controlled corporation                 639,311,590(L)                    9.39%

Notes:

(1)      Tencent Mobility Limited which holds 489,922,607 Shares, THL H Limited which holds 931,604,940 Shares, and Morespark which holds
         2,093,833,612 Shares in long position and 21,106,272 Shares in short position, are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tencent. Accordingly,
         Tencent is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Tencent Mobility Limited, THL H Limited and Morespark are
         interested under the SFO. Pursuant to a voting agreement dated March 1, 2025 (the “Voting Agreement”), Tencent has granted a voting
         proxy to HCM IV Limited in relation to 573,885,842 Shares, representing approximately 8.43% of the issued share capital of the Company as
         at June 30, 2026.

(2)      Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang who holds 113,871,952 Shares. HCM IV Limited which holds 3,318,738 Shares, is a wholly-owned subsidiary
         of Hammer Capital Management Limited. Hammer Capital Management Limited which also holds 62,107,010 Shares, is wholly-owned by
         Mr. Tsang Ling Kay Rodney. Accordingly, Mr. Tsang Ling Kay Rodney is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
         HCM IV Limited and Hammer Capital Management Limited are interested under the SFO. In addition, pursuant to the Voting Agreement (as
         described in note 1 above), Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited, is entitled to the votes attached to 573,885,842 Shares.
         Accordingly, Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited, is deemed to be interested in such Shares under the SFO.

(3)      The letter “L” and “S” denote the Substantial Shareholder’s long position and short position in such Shares, respectively.

(4)      Unless otherwise stated, the percentages are calculated on the basis of 6,805,211,534 Shares in issue as at June 30, 2026.

(5)      Save as disclosed in the section headed “DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
         UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS” of this interim report, as at the
         date of this interim report, none of the Directors was a director or employee of a company which had interests or short positions in the
         Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2
         and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


Certain numbers and percentage figures included in the table above have been subject to rounding adjustments.
Any discrepancies in the table between totals and sums of amounts listed therein are due to rounding.

Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than
the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                     41
OTHER INFORMATION




PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on May 26, 2017 and amended on
September 1, 2017. The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to promote the success and enhance the
value of the Company, by linking the personal interests of the members of the Board, employees, consultants and
other individuals to those of the Shareholders and, by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding
performance, to generate superior returns to the Shareholders. The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is further
intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract and retain the services of recipients
upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort on which the successful conduct of the Company’s operation is
largely dependent.

Further details of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme are set out in the Prospectus and the 2025 Annual Report of
the Company. Details of the fair value of the options as at the date of grant and the accounting standard and policy
adopted are set out in Note 21 to the interim condensed consolidated financial statements.

Details of the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and their movements during the Reporting
Period are as follows:

                                                                                                          Number of options
                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                        closing price
                                                                                                                                                         immediately
                                                                                                                                                           before the
                                                                                                                                                        exercise date
                                                                              Outstanding    Exercised        Cancelled          Lapsed    Outstanding     during the
                                                                                     as at   during the       during the      during the          as at    Reporting
Name or category of                                                Exercise    January 1,    Reporting        Reporting       Reporting       June 30,         Period
option holders            Date of grant       Exercise period         price          2026        Period           Period          Period          2026          (HK$)


Director and senior
  management
Mr. Zhifeng Jia           July 3, 2017        10 years from the   US$0.0014       700,000             –                –               –      700,000            N/A
(賈志峰)                                           date of grant

Other grantees-Employees
In aggregate             Between              10 years from the   US$0.0014       850,659             –                –               –      850,659            N/A
                           July 3, 2017 and     date of grant
                           October 1, 2017


Total                                                                           1,550,659             –                –               –     1,550,659




42                YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES

The Company adopted two share award schemes, namely, the First Share Award Scheme and the Second Share
Award Scheme, in which eligible participants (including any Director) of the Group will be entitled to participate.

1.    First Share Award Scheme

      The First Share Award Scheme was adopted by written resolutions of the Shareholders on May 26, 2017,
      amended on September 1, 2017 and May 6, 2021, effective from the Listing Date. With effect from July
      9, 2024, the First Share Award Scheme, was terminated, upon which no further awards may be granted
      thereunder, while the awards already granted before the termination shall remain valid and continue to vest in
      accordance with the rules of the First Share Award Scheme and the relevant award agreement. The purpose
      of the First Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible participants with those of the Group
      through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of
      the Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible participants to make contributions to the long-term growth
      and profits of the Group.

      Pursuant to the First Share Award Scheme, the Board shall select the Eligible Person(s) for participation in
      the First Share Award Scheme and determine the number of Shares to be awarded.

      As at June 30, 2026, 341,217,576 Shares had been granted or agreed to be granted under the First Share
      Award Scheme and the trustee has applied Shares held under the First Share Award Scheme which were
      unallocated or forfeited pursuant to the First Share Award Scheme to partly satisfy the awards granted.

      Details of the awarded Shares granted under the First Share Award Scheme and their movements during the
      Reporting Period are set out below:


                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                         average
                                                                                                                                                    closing price
                                                                                                                                           Closing immediately
                                                                 Number of Awards                                                             price before the
                                                                            Cancelled/                                         Purchase immediately vesting date
                                      Unvested      Granted       Vested      forfeited      Lapsed    Unvested                 price of before the during the
      Name or                             as at   during the   during the   during the    during the      as at                   share     date of Reporting
      category of        Date of     January 1,   Reporting    Reporting     Reporting    Reporting    June 30,    Vesting       awards       grant       Period
      grantee            grant            2026        Period       Period       Period        Period       2026    date           (HK$)      (HK$)         (HK$)


      Other grantees –
         Employees
      In aggregate       14-Mar-23   1,060,000             –            –            –             –   1,060,000   31-Aug-26          –        1.10          N/A




                                                                                    YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                             43
OTHER INFORMATION




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

1.   First Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Details of the fair value of the awarded Shares granted under the First Share Award Scheme at the date
     of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted are set out in Note 21 to the interim condensed
     consolidated financial statements.

     According to the terms of the First Share Award Scheme, the scheme may be early terminated as determined
     by the Board, provided that such termination shall not affect any subsisting rights of any selected participants
     thereunder (provided further that for the avoidance of doubt, the change in the subsisting rights of a selected
     participant as aforementioned refers solely to any change in the rights in respect of the awarded Shares
     already granted to a selected participant thereunder).

     The Board determined that, conditional upon and with effect from the 2024 Share Scheme taking effect
     on July 9, 2024, the First Share Award Scheme was terminated. After the termination of the First Share
     Award Scheme, no further awards may be granted thereunder, while the awards already granted before the
     termination shall remain valid and continue to vest in accordance with the rules of the First Share Award
     Scheme and the relevant award agreement.

     Further details of the First Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus, the circular of the Company
     dated June 11, 2024 and the 2025 Annual Report of the Company published on March 25, 2026.

2.   Second Share Award Scheme

     The Second Share Award Scheme was adopted by written resolutions of all the Shareholders on September
     1, 2017 and effective from the Listing Date. The purpose of the Second Share Award Scheme is to align the
     interests of eligible participants with those of the Group through ownership of Shares, dividends and other
     distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in value of the Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible
     participants to make contributions to the long-term growth and profits of the Group.

     The Board may, from time to time, grant awards to any eligible participant who the Board considers to have
     contributed or will contribute to the Group.

     As at June 30, 2026, 87,976,956 Shares had been granted or agreed to be granted under the Second Share
     Award Scheme.

     There were no outstanding share awards under the Second Share Award Scheme at any time during the
     Reporting Period. Accordingly, no share awards were granted, vested, lapsed or cancelled during the
     Reporting Period.

     Details of the fair value of the awarded Shares granted under the Second Share Award Scheme at the date
     of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted are set out in Note 21 to the interim condensed
     consolidated financial statements.

     Further details of the Second Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus and the 2025 Annual
     Report of the Company published on March 25, 2026.




44        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION




2024 SHARE SCHEME

The Company has adopted the 2024 Share Scheme pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed by the Shareholders
at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company. The 2024 Share Scheme allows the Company to broaden the
types of equity incentives it can utilize by allowing the grant of both share awards and share options. The purpose
of the 2024 Share Scheme is (i) to provide the Company with flexible means of remunerating, incentivizing, retaining,
rewarding, compensating and/or providing benefits to Eligible Participants; (ii) to align the interests of Eligible
Participants with those of the Company and Shareholders by providing such Eligible Participants with the opportunity
to acquire shareholding interests in the Company; and (iii) to encourage Eligible Participants to contribute to the
long-term growth and profitability of the Company and to enhance the value of the Company and its Shares for the
benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.

Eligible Participants under the 2024 Share Scheme shall include: (i) Employee Participants, namely, any person who
is an employee (whether full-time or part-time), director or officer of any member of the Group, including persons
who are granted awards under the 2024 Share Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with
any member of the Group; and (ii) Related Entity Participants, namely, any person who is an employee (whether
full-time or part-time), director or officer of (a) a holding company of the Company, (b) subsidiaries of the holding
company other than members of the Group, or (c) an associated company of the Company.

The term of the 2024 Share Scheme is 10 years commencing on the date on which the 2024 Share Scheme is
approved by the Shareholders. An award may take the form of a share award or a share option, which shall be
funded by award shares.

The scheme mandate limit, namely, the total number of award shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards
to be granted under the 2024 Share Scheme together with the number of Shares which may be issued pursuant
to all options and awards to be granted under any other share schemes of the Company: (i) shall initially be the
number of Shares representing 10% of the total issued Shares (excluding any treasury Shares) as at the date on
which the 2024 Share Scheme is first adopted by the Shareholders, being 652,406,551 Shares. The Company may
seek separate approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to grant awards beyond the scheme mandate limit to
Eligible Participants specifically identified by the Company before such approval is sought.

There is no specific maximum entitlement for each Eligible Participant under the 2024 Share Scheme. Unless
approved by the Shareholders in the manner set out in the rules relating to the 2024 Share Scheme, the total
number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of awards granted and to be granted under the 2024
Share Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company to each Eligible Participant (including both exercised
and outstanding Share Options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in issue
(excluding any treasury Shares). Any grant of awards to any Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder
of the Company, or any of their respective associates, shall be subject to the prior approval of the Remuneration
Committee (excluding any proposed recipient of the grant) and the independent non-executive Directors of the
Company (excluding any proposed recipient of the grant).

Subject to the vesting of the Share Options, the exercise period for Share Options shall not be longer than 10 years
from the grant date. A Share Option shall lapse automatically and shall not be exercisable (to the extent not already
exercised) on the expiry of the tenth anniversary from the grant date.

The vesting date in respect of any award shall be not less than 12 months from the grant date. The consideration
for the grant of Share Options is nil.

The scheme administrator may in respect of each award and subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations
determine such performance targets or other criteria or conditions for vesting of awards in its sole and absolute
discretion.




                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           45
OTHER INFORMATION




2024 SHARE SCHEME (CONTINUED)

The issue price for awards which take the form of share awards shall be such price determined by the scheme
administrator and notified to the grantee in the award letter. For the avoidance of doubt, the scheme administrator
may determine the issue price to be at nil consideration. The scheme administrator shall determine the exercise
price for such Share Options in which it shall in any event be no less than the higher of: (i) the closing price of the
Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange on the grant date; and (ii) the average
closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five
business days immediately preceding the grant date.

Details of the Share Options granted under the 2024 Share Scheme and their movements during the Reporting
Period are as follows:

                                                                                                       Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                               Closing       average
                                                                                                                                                                  price closing price
                                                                                                                                                           immediately immediately
                                                                                                                                                             before the    before the
                                                                                                                                                                date of exercise date
                       Date of                                            Outstanding        Granted Exercised       Cancelled       Lapsed Outstanding          grant/    during the
                        grant/                           Exercise                as at     during the during the     during the   during the       as at    conditional    Reporting
Name or category of conditional Exercise                     price         January 1,      Reporting Reporting       Reporting    Reporting    June 30,           grant        Period
option holders           grant period                       (HK$)                2026          Period     Period         Period       Period       2026          (HK$)          (HK$)

Directors and senior
  management
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang         May 9, 7 years from              0.70 117,000,000(1) and (2)           –            –             –           – 117,000,000           0.68           N/A
                             2024 the date of the
                                     conditional grant

                         March 25, 10 years from the        1.694 101,363,921(3) and (5)           –            –             –           – 101,363,921          1.678           N/A
                             2025 date of grant

Mr. Dong Jiang(6)           May 9, 10 years from             0.70         10,000,000(1)            –   (5,000,000)            –           –    5,000,000          0.68           1.89
 (former Executive           2024 the date of the
 Director)                           conditional grant

Mr. Zhi Gao                May 9, 10 years from the          0.70         39,000,000(1)            –   (1,482,833)            –           –   37,517,167          0.68           1.19
                             2024 date of the
                                     conditional grant
                         March 25, 10 years from the        1.694 25,800,000(4) and (5)            –            –             –           –   25,800,000         1.678           N/A
                             2025 date of grant

Other Employee
   Participants
In aggregate                May 9, 10 years from             0.70         54,500,000(1)            – (11,550,000)             –           –   42,950,000          0.68           1.79
                             2024 the date of the
                                     conditional grant

In aggregate             March 25, 10 years from the        1.694         24,000,000(5)            –            –             –           –   24,000,000         1.678           N/A
                             2025 date of grant

Total                                                                     371,663,921              – (18,032,833)             –           – 353,631,088                          1.77




46                     YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                                             OTHER INFORMATION




2024 SHARE SCHEME (CONTINUED)
Note 1: On May 9, 2024, conditional upon the 2024 Share Scheme taking effect, the Company proposed to grant: (a) a total of 117,000,000 Share
        Options under the 2024 Share Scheme to Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang, which was also conditional upon the approval of Shareholders; (b) a total of
        10,000,000 Share Options under the 2024 Share Scheme to Mr. Dong Jiang; and (c) a total of 123,000,000 Share Options under the 2024
        Share Scheme to the Employee Participants. Following the approval of the 2024 Share Scheme at the EGM on June 27, 2024, the Listing
        Committee granted approval for the listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to share options or
        awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme on July 9, 2024.

Note 2: Following the 2024 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang, the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted
        to Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the applicable share scheme) in the 12-month period
        up to and including the date of such grant exceeded the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing Rules. The 2024 Director
        Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on June 27, 2024.

Note 3: Following the 2025 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang, the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted
        to Mr. Zhang (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the applicable share scheme) in the 12-month period up to and
        including the date of such grant exceeded the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing Rules. Furthermore, the 2025 Director
        Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang (excluding the grant of Share Options) would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
        awards granted to him (excluding any awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of the applicable scheme) in the 12-month period up to
        and including the date of such grant to Mr. Zhang representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares)
        pursuant to Rule 17.04(2) of the Listing Rules. The 2025 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang was approved by the Shareholders at the
        extraordinary general meeting of the Company on May 13, 2025.

Note 4: Following the 2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao, and taking into account the previous grant of Share Options to Mr. Zhi Gao under the
        2024 Scheme on May 9, 2024, the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to Mr. Gao (excluding any
        options and awards lapsed in accordance with the applicable share scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of the
        2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao exceeded the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing Rules. The 2025 Conditional Grant
        to Mr. Gao was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on May 13, 2025.

Note 5: During the Reporting Period, the vesting of the Share Options granted by the Company is subject to the Company’s achievement of
        performance targets in relation to its adjusted net profits (non-IFRSs financial measures), with details disclosed in the announcement of the
        Company dated March 25, 2025.

Note 6: Mr. Dong Jiang resigned as an executive Director and the joint president of the Company with effect from March 5, 2026.


Details of the share awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme and their movements during the Reporting
Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                                             closing price
                                                                                                                                                    Closing immediately
                                                                           Number of Awards                                                            price before the
                                                                                 Cancelled/                                         Purchase    immediately vesting date
Name or                               Outstanding                      Vested      forfeited      Lapsed Outstanding                 price of     before the during the
category of                                  as at Granted during   during the   during the    during the       as at                  share         date of Reporting
share                                  January 1, the Reporting     Reporting     Reporting    Reporting    June 30,      Vesting     awards           grant       Period
awardee               Date of grant          2026          Period       Period       Period        Period       2026        date       (HK$)          (HK$)         (HK$)

Director and senior
  management
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang   25-Mar-25        13,515,189               –            –            –            –   13,515,189   25-Mar-26           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25        13,515,189               –            –            –            –   13,515,189   25-Mar-27           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25        13,515,189               –            –            –            –   13,515,189   25-Mar-28           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25        13,515,189               –            –            –            –   13,515,189   25-Mar-29           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25        13,515,191               –            –            –            –   13,515,191   25-Mar-30           –         1.642           N/A

Sub-total                             67,575,947(1)             –            –            –            –   67,575,947                                                 N/A

Mr. Zhi Gao           25-Mar-25         3,440,000               –            –            –            –    3,440,000   25-Mar-26           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25         3,440,000               –            –            –            –    3,440,000   25-Mar-27           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25         3,440,000               –            –            –            –    3,440,000   25-Mar-28           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25         3,440,000               –            –            –            –    3,440,000   25-Mar-29           –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25         3,440,000               –            –            –            –    3,440,000   25-Mar-30           –         1.642           N/A

Sub-total                             17,200,000(1)             –            –            –            –   17,200,000                                                 N/A


                                                                                       YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                                  47
OTHER INFORMATION




SHARE AWARD SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                          average
                                                                                                                                                                     closing price
                                                                                                                                                            Closing immediately
                                                                                 Number of Awards                                                              price before the
                                                                                       Cancelled/                                           Purchase    immediately vesting date
Name or                                  Outstanding                         Vested      forfeited      Lapsed Outstanding                   price of     before the during the
category of                                     as at Granted during      during the   during the    during the       as at                    share         date of Reporting
share                                     January 1, the Reporting        Reporting     Reporting    Reporting    June 30,       Vesting      awards           grant       Period
awardee               Date of grant             2026          Period          Period       Period        Period       2026         date        (HK$)          (HK$)         (HK$)

Other grantees –
   Employees
In aggregate          25-Mar-25            25,548,000                 –            –            –     (120,000)   25,428,000   25-Mar-26            –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25            25,548,000                 –            –            –     (120,000)   25,428,000   25-Mar-27            –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25            25,548,000                 –            –            –     (120,000)   25,428,000   25-Mar-28            –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25            25,548,000                 –            –            –     (120,000)   25,428,000   25-Mar-29            –         1.642           N/A
                      25-Mar-25            25,548,000                 –            –            –     (120,000)   25,428,000   25-Mar-30            –         1.642           N/A

Sub-total                               127,740,000(1)                –            –            –     (600,000) 127,140,000                                                   N/A

Other grantees –
   Employees                                                                                                                     (Note 2)
In aggregate          13-May-25                800,000                –            –            –            –      800,000    25-Mar-26            –         2.002           N/A
                      13-May-25                800,000                –            –            –            –      800,000    25-Mar-27            –         2.002           N/A
                      13-May-25                800,000                –            –            –            –      800,000    25-Mar-28            –         2.002           N/A
                      13-May-25                800,000                –            –            –            –      800,000    25-Mar-29            –         2.002           N/A
                      13-May-25                800,000                –            –            –            –      800,000    25-Mar-30            –         2.002           N/A

Sub-total                             4,000,000(1) and (2)            –            –            –            –     4,000,000                                                  N/A

Other grantees –
   Employees
In aggregate          2-Dec-25               1,600,000                –            –            –            –     1,600,000    2-Dec-26            –         2.347           N/A
                      2-Dec-25               1,600,000                –            –            –            –     1,600,000    2-Dec-27            –         2.347           N/A
                      2-Dec-25               1,600,000                –            –            –            –     1,600,000    2-Dec 28            –         2.347           N/A
                      2-Dec-25               1,600,000                –            –            –            –     1,600,000    2-Dec 29            –         2.347           N/A
                      2-Dec-25               1,600,000                –            –            –            –     1,600,000    2-Dec 30            –         2.347           N/A

Sub-total                                    8,000,000                –            –            –            –     8,000,000                                                  N/A

Other grantees –
   Employees
In aggregate          12-May-26                         –     4,540,000            –     (740,000)           –     3,800,000   12-May-27            –          1.90           N/A
                      12-May-26                         –     4,540,000            –     (740,000)           –     3,800,000   12-May-28            –          1.90           N/A
                      12-May-26                         –     4,540,000            –     (740,000)           –     3,800,000   12-May-29            –          1.90           N/A
                      12-May-26                         –     4,540,000            –     (740,000)           –     3,800,000   12-May-30            –          1.90           N/A
                      12-May-26                         –     4,540,000            –     (740,000)           –     3,800,000   12-May-31            –          1.90           N/A

Sub-total                                               –    22,700,000            –   (3,700,000)           –    19,000,000                                                  N/A

Total                                     224,515,947        22,700,000            –   (3,700,000)    (600,000) 242,915,947                                                   N/A




48                 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION




2024 SHARE SCHEME (CONTINUED)

Note 1: During the Reporting Period, the vesting of the share awards granted by the Company is subject to the Company’s achievement of
        performance targets in relation to its adjusted net profit (non-IFRSs financial measures), with details disclosed in the announcements of the
        Company dated March 25, 2025 and May 13, 2025.

Note 2: Due to administrative reasons, the vesting period of 4,000,000 share awards granted to a grantee (who is an employee participant and not a
        Director nor a senior manager as defined in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules) has been amended from “five equal installments on each of the
        first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date of the grant” to “five equal installments on March 25, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029
        and 2030”, subject to the fulfilment of the relevant performance targets as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated May 13,
        2025 (the “May 13 Announcement”). For the avoidance of doubt, such amendments are allowed under the rules of the 2024 Share Scheme.
        Details of the grants are set out in the May 13 Announcement.


Details of the fair value of the Share Options and share awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme at the date of
grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted are set out in Note 21 to the interim condensed consolidated
financial statements.

Further details of the 2024 Share Scheme are set out in the circular of the Company dated June 11, 2024 and the
2025 Annual Report of the Company published on March 25, 2026.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION OF THE SHARE SCHEMES

On the one hand, the grant of awards under the First Share Award Scheme may be satisfied by either new Shares
or existing Shares, and the grant of awards (whether in the form of share awards or Share Options) under the 2024
Share Scheme may be satisfied by new Shares (including treasury Shares). On the other hand, the grant of awards
under the Second Share Award Scheme may only be satisfied by existing Shares.

As of January 1, 2024, the First Share Award Scheme was the share scheme of the Company involving the issue
of new Shares. Following the approval of the 2024 Share Scheme at the extraordinary general meeting of the
Company on June 27, 2024, and the 2024 Share Scheme Listing Approval, the First Share Award Scheme has
been terminated and the 2024 Share Scheme has taken effect. As a result, the 2024 Share Scheme has become
the current share scheme of the Company involving the issue of new Shares. After the termination of the First
Share Award Scheme, no further awards may be granted thereunder, while the awards already granted before the
termination shall remain valid and continue to vest in accordance with the rules of the First Share Award Scheme
and the relevant award agreement.

In respect of the 2024 Share Scheme, the number of options and awards available for grant under the scheme
mandate of the Company was 22,686,683 Shares as of January 1, 2026 and 8,326,683 Shares as of June 30,
2026.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme
during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue (excluding any treasury
Shares) for the Reporting Period is approximately 0.33%.

As of January 1, 2026, 618,866,551 new Shares were available for issue under the scheme mandate of the 2024
Share Scheme. As of June 30, 2026, 600,233,718 new Shares were available for issue under the scheme mandate
of the 2024 Share Scheme. As of August 19, 2026 (the date of this interim report), 599,533,718 new Shares were
available for issue under the scheme mandate of the 2024 Share Scheme, representing approximately 8.81% of the
issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares, if any).




                                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                          49
OTHER INFORMATION




QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS

PRC law currently limits foreign ownership of companies that provide value-added telecommunications services
(including Internet information services other than operating E-commerce business, Domestic multi-party
communication services, Store-and-forward business, and Call center business) in the PRC up to 50%. Moreover,
pursuant to the Provisions on Administration of Foreign Invested Telecommunications Enterprises promulgated
by the State Council on December 11, 2001 and amended on February 6, 2016 (the “FITE Regulation (2016
Version)”), for a foreign investor to acquire any equity interest in a value-added telecommunications business
in China, it must satisfy the Certain Qualification Requirements. Foreign investors that meet these requirements
must obtain approvals from the MIIT or its authorized local counterparts, which retain considerable discretion in
granting such approvals. On March 29, 2022, the Decision of the State Council on Revising and Repealing Certain
Administrative Regulations, which took effect on May 1, 2022, was promulgated to amend certain provisions of
regulations including the FITE Regulation (2016 Version). Pursuant to the revised Provisions on Administration of
Foreign Invested Telecommunications Enterprises (the “FITE Regulation (2022 Version)”), the foreign investor
contemplating to acquire equity interests in a value-added telecommunications services provider in China will not
be required to demonstrate good track records and experience in operating a value-added telecommunication
business overseas. Additionally, on April 8, 2024, the MIIT issued the Notice on Carrying Out the Pilot Work of
Expanding the Opening up of Value-Added Telecommunications Services, which provides, among others, the
removal of foreign ownership ratio restrictions for specific value-added telecommunications services (including
Internet data centers (IDC), content delivery networks (CDN), Internet access services (ISP), online data processing
and transaction processing services, and information release platform and transmission services (excluding internet
news information, online publishing, online audio-visual, and internet cultural operation) and information protection
and processing services under catalog of information services) in the pilot areas of Beijing, Shanghai, Hainan, and
Shenzhen. Foreign-invested companies that plan to carry out the aforementioned value-added telecommunications
services in the pilot areas and meet specific business operation requirements should apply to the MIIT for a pilot
approval of value-added telecommunications business operations. The MIIT will have discretion as to whether to
grant the license. However, there remain substantial uncertainties as to whether in practice the Certain Qualification
Requirements will still be applied to, and whether and what other qualification requirements will be imposed on
or applied to, a foreign investor with respect to holding equity interests in a value-added telecommunications
services provider in China, as well as with the interpretation and implementation of existing and future regulations
in this regard. If it is determined in the future that there is no substantial restriction on issuance of value-added
telecommunications business operating licenses to foreign-invested companies, it is uncertain whether we can,
or how long it will take us to, reorganize the equity structure of Beijing Xulu and obtain a new value-added
telecommunications business operating license from the MIIT.

Efforts and actions undertaken to comply with Certain Qualification Requirements

Despite the lack of clear guidance or interpretation on the Certain Qualification Requirements and the cancellation of
such Certain Qualification Requirements under the FITE Regulation (2022 Version), we have been gradually building
up our track record of overseas value-added telecommunications business operations for the purposes of being
qualified, as early as possible, to acquire equity interests in Beijing Xulu when the relevant PRC laws allow foreign
investors to invest and to hold a majority interest in value-added telecommunications enterprises in the PRC. We
are in the process of expanding our overseas value-added telecommunications business through our overseas
subsidiaries. We have taken the following measures to meet the Certain Qualification Requirements:

1.    Yixin HK has been incorporated in Hong Kong since November 2014 for the purposes of establishing and
      expanding our operations overseas;

2.    We have registered several trademarks outside the PRC for the promotion of our operation of mobile apps
      and the provision of online information services overseas;

3.    Yixin HK has set up an office and employed staff in Hong Kong for the expansion of our operations overseas;




50          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (CONTINUED)

Efforts and actions undertaken to comply with Certain Qualification Requirements (Continued)

4.     Our Company has constructed its overseas website, www.yixincars.com, which is primarily for introducing
       our Group’s business to users and investor relations purpose. The Company plans to utilize this website to
       help overseas investors to better understand our products and business, and our website will have links to
       re-direct the users to our domestic website. Through this overseas website, we can capture and analyze
       overseas user data in order to provide helpful insights for our overseas expansion plans; and

5.     Our Company has commenced feasibility studies on the further development of marketing to overseas
       markets and potential investments or acquisitions in order to optimize its strategic plan for expanding its
       current businesses to overseas markets.

Subject to the discretion of the competent authority on a case-by-case basis whether the Group has fulfilled the
Certain Qualification Requirements and other qualification requirements (if any), our PRC Legal Advisor is of the
view that the above steps taken by us are reasonable and appropriate for gradually building up a track record
to meet the Certain Qualification Requirements as our Company will have experience in providing value-added
telecommunications services in overseas markets, which is in accordance with the FITE Regulations (2016 Version).
In addition, we will remain abreast of any regulatory developments and continuously assess whether we meet all
qualification requirements, with a view to unwinding the New Contractual Arrangements wholly or partially as and
when practicable and permissible under the prevailing PRC laws.

Since foreign investment in certain areas of the industry in which we currently operate is subject to restrictions under
current PRC laws and regulations outlined above and there is significant uncertainty as to whether our Company will
obtain a pilot approval of value-added telecommunications business operations, we determined that it was not viable
for our Company to hold our Consolidated Affiliated Entity directly through equity ownership. Instead, we decided
that, in line with common practice in industries in the PRC subject to foreign investment restrictions and qualification
requirements, the Company would gain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by
the businesses currently operated by our Consolidated Affiliated Entity through the New Contractual Arrangements
between Tianjin Kars, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary in the PRC, on the one hand, and Beijing Xulu and
its nominal shareholders, on the other hand. The New Contractual Arrangements allow the results of operations and
assets and liabilities of Beijing Xulu and its subsidiaries to be consolidated into our results of operations and assets
and liabilities under IFRSs as if they were wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Group.

On July 6, 2021, certain PRC regulatory authorities issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal
Securities Activities (
                      《關於依法從嚴打擊證券違法活動的意見》                       ) which further emphasized the need to strengthen
cross-border collaboration on law enforcement and regulation of securities law in three ways: (i) strengthening joint
regulatory oversight, including improving relevant laws and regulations on data security, cross-border data flow,
classified information management etc. and strengthening the standardized management of cross-border data
transmission mechanism and process; (ii) strengthening the supervision of China-based overseas-listed companies,
including promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems to deal with the risks and emergencies of China-
based overseas-listed companies; (iii) establishing a comprehensive overseas regulatory system for overseas capital
markets, including formulating the judicial interpretation and supplementary rules for provisions of the securities law
that are applicable overseas.




                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            51
OTHER INFORMATION




QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (CONTINUED)

Efforts and actions undertaken to comply with Certain Qualification Requirements (Continued)

Subsequently, on February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) promulgated the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (           《境內企業境外
發行證券和上市管理試行辦法》                  ) (the “Overseas Listing Trial Measures”), and the relevant guidelines, which took
effect on March 31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures comprehensively improved and reformed the existing
regulatory regime for overseas securities offering and listing activities by PRC domestic companies and regulate
both direct and indirect overseas securities offering and listing activities by PRC domestic companies by adopting
a filing-based regulatory regime. On the same day, the CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the
Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the Notice on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and
Listing by Domestic Companies (     《關於境內企業境外發行上市備案管理安排的通知》                              ), which, among others, clarifies
that those domestic companies that fall within the scope to fulfil the filing procedure and have been listed overseas
before March 31, 2023 shall be regarded as “existing issuers”. Such existing issuers are not required to perform the
filing procedures immediately but shall fulfill the filing procedures as required if they conduct follow-on financing or
are involved in other activities which require filing with the CSRC in the future. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures
also require subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC on material events, such as change of control or voluntary
or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings and listings. In addition, on February 24,
2023, the CSRC, together with other PRC government authorities, released the Provisions on Strengthening the
Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic
Enterprises ( 《關於加強境內企業境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管理工作的規定》                                             ) (the “Confidentiality and
Archives Administration Provisions”), which came into effect on March 31, 2023. The Confidentiality and
Archives Administration Provisions require, among others, that PRC domestic enterprises seeking to offer and list
securities in overseas markets, either directly or indirectly, shall establish the confidentiality and archives system, and
shall complete approval and filing procedures with competent authorities, if such PRC domestic enterprises or their
overseas listing entities provide or publicly disclose documents or materials involving state secrets and work secrets
of PRC government agencies to relevant securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas regulatory
agencies and other entities and individuals. It further stipulates that providing or publicly disclosing documents
and materials which may adversely affect national security or public interests, and accounting files or copies of
important preservation value to the state and society shall be subject to corresponding procedures in accordance
with relevant laws and regulations. There remain uncertainties as to the interpretation, application, and enforcement
of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Provisions and how they
will affect our operations and our future financing. If it is determined that we are subject to any CSRC approval,
filing, other governmental authorization or requirements for future capital raising activities, we may fail to obtain
such approval or meet such requirements in a timely manner or at all. Such failure may adversely affect our ability
to finance the development of our business and may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
conditions.




52           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS (CONTINUED)

Efforts and actions undertaken to comply with Certain Qualification Requirements (Continued)

In addition, on December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China (the “CAC”) and several other
administrations jointly issued the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (  《網絡安全審查辦法》            ) (the “Measures”), which
became effective on February 15, 2022. According to the Measures, among others, if an “online platform operator”
that is in possession of personal data of more than one million users intends to list in a foreign country, it must
report to the relevant cybersecurity review office for a cybersecurity review. In addition, the Measures also provide
that if the relevant authorities consider that certain network products and services, data processing activities and
overseas listing activities affect or may affect national security, the authorities may initiate a cybersecurity review
even if the companies do not have an obligation to report for a cybersecurity review under such circumstances.
On September 24, 2024, the State Council published the Regulation on Network Data Security Management (            《網
絡數據安全管理條例》             ) (the “Regulation”), which has taken effect on January 1, 2025. The Regulation sets out
general guidelines for the protection of personal information, security of important data, security management of
cross-border data transfer, obligations of internet platform operators, supervision and management, and legal
liabilities. The Regulation stipulates that data processors that process important data shall conduct an annual data
security review, and submit the annual risk assessment report to the relevant competent authorities at or above
the provincial level. It is uncertain how the foregoing regulations will be interpreted or implemented, whether such
regulations may have retroactive effect and how they will affect us. Furthermore, if there would be any approval,
filings and/or other administration procedures to be obtained from or completed with the CSRC, the CAC or other
PRC regulatory authorities as required by any new laws and regulations, while we will use our best endeavors to
comply with the requirements of such new laws and regulations and avoid or mitigate any related adverse effects,
we cannot assure that we can obtain the required approval or complete the required filings or other regulatory
procedures in a timely manner, or at all. Any failure to obtain the relevant approval or complete the filings and other
relevant regulatory procedures may subject us to regulatory actions or other sanctions from the CSRC, the CAC or
other PRC regulatory authorities, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operation or financial
conditions.




                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            53
OTHER INFORMATION




COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Board is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to all Shareholders.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in Part 2 of the
CG Code, save and except for the following deviation from code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code.

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang is the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang has the benefit of ensuring consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective
and efficient overall strategic planning for the Group. Furthermore, the Board considers that the balance of power
and authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make
and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles
of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the
circumstances of the Group as a whole.

The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS
The Company has devised its own code of conduct regarding dealings in the Company’s securities by the Directors
and relevant employees (the “Company’s Securities Dealing Code”), which is on terms no less exacting than
those set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors, and save as disclosed below,
the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Company’s Securities Dealing Code during the
Reporting Period.

As disclosed in the annual results announcement of the Company dated March 5, 2026, during the black-out period
in relation to the publication of the annual results announcement of the Company dated March 5, 2026, Mr. Dong
Jiang, who was an executive Director at that time, inadvertently disposed of 500 ordinary shares of the Company
(representing approximately 0.0013% of his interests in the shares of the Company) on February 26, 2026 through
an online trading platform.

Upon becoming aware of the execution, Mr. Jiang attempted to unwind the transaction but was informed that the
transaction could not be reversed. Mr. Jiang subsequently notified the Company and the Company took immediate
steps, including seeking advice from its legal advisers and informing the Stock Exchange of the incident. The
Company understands that the relevant disclosure of interests form has been prepared and filed in relation to
the incident. The disposal by Mr. Jiang constituted a dealing in the securities of the Company that fell within its
black-out period and was in breach of paragraphs A.3(a)(i) and B.8 of the Model Code. Mr. Jiang confirmed to the
Company that the incident was an inadvertent oversight.

The Company takes compliance with the Listing Rules and the Model Code seriously and will continue to enhance
its internal control measures relating to directors’ dealings. In view of the above incident, the Company has taken
remedial actions, including (i) re-circulating the Model Code and reminding the Directors on a more frequent basis
of the requirements of the Model Code and the importance of compliance with such provisions; and (ii) providing
appropriate regular training to Directors on their obligations under the Model Code with a view to avoiding
recurrence.

The Company’s Securities Dealing Code also applies to all relevant employees of the Company who are likely to be
in possession of inside information of the Company. After making reasonable enquiry, no incident of non-compliance
of the Company’s Securities Dealing Code by the relevant employees was noted by the Company.



54           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During the Reporting Period, neither our Controlling Shareholders nor any of our Directors had any interest in a
business, apart from the business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with
our business, which would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

The Directors are fully aware of, and have been discharging, their fiduciary duty to the Company. The Company
and the Directors would comply with the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association and the Listing Rules
whenever a Director has any conflict of interest in the transaction(s) with the Company.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing
to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective
risk management and internal control systems. The Board oversees risk management functions directly and also
through the Audit Committee and the senior management, and will assess the effectiveness of the risk management
and internal control systems at least once a year.

The senior management is responsible for the overall implementation of risk management and internal control plans
and policies determined by the Board and managing the risks in connection with all of the Company’s business
operations. The senior management identifies, assesses and takes measures against any significant risks that the
Company is facing, and reviews the risk assessment report on a quarterly basis and reports to the Board on a
semi-annual basis.

The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and monitoring and overseeing the risk
management and internal control systems through the internal audit department, and reporting and making
recommendations to the Board where appropriate.

The internal audit department oversees the risk management and internal control systems under the supervision
of the Audit Committee by performing independent audit on the effectiveness and completeness of the
risk management and internal control systems of the Company. It identifies any material risks and makes
recommendations on the improvement and rectification plans and measures and conducts follow-up audits with
regard to the identified issues to ensure that the planned remedial measures have been duly implemented. The
internal audit department operates independently from the Company’s business centers and departments and
directly reports the audit findings and follow-up status to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.




                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            55
OTHER INFORMATION




RISK MANAGEMENT

The Company has established a risk management system which sets out the roles and responsibilities of each
relevant party as well as the relevant risk management policies and processes. The Company, on a regular basis,
identifies and assesses risk factors that may negatively affect the achievement of its objectives, and formulates
appropriate response measures.

The Company has adopted the following dynamic risk management process in response to the ever-changing risk
landscape:

•     Business and functional departments identify, assess and respond to risks in the course of operation in a
      systematic manner, escalating concerns and communicating results to the senior management;

•     The significant risks at the company level as well as the relevant risk response strategies and control
      measures will be reviewed by the senior management and subsequently by the Audit Committee before
      reporting to the Board;

•     The internal audit department reviews and evaluates the responses to significant risks from time to time, and
      reports to the Audit Committee at least once a year; and

•     The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, assesses and determines the nature and level of the risks that
      the Company is willing to take in order to achieve its business objectives and formulates appropriate response
      strategies which includes designating responsible departments for handling each significant risk. The Audit
      Committee provides guidance to the Company’s management to implement effective risk management
      system with supports from the internal audit department.

INTERNAL CONTROL

The Company has always valued the importance of the internal control systems, and has complied with the
requirements under Appendix C1 (Corporate Governance Code) and Appendix D2 (Disclosure of Financial
Information) of the Listing Rules.

The management of the Company is responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of the
effectiveness of the internal control systems. The Board, assisted by the Audit Committee, is responsible for
monitoring and overseeing the performance of management over the internal control system to ensure that it is
appropriate and effective.

The Company’s internal control systems clearly define the roles and responsibilities of each party as well as the
authorisations and approvals required for key actions of the Company. Policies and procedures are put in place for
the key business processes. This information is also clearly conveyed to employees of the Company in practice and
plays an important role in the internal control systems. All employees must strictly follow the policies which cover,
amongst other things, financial, legal and operational issues that set the control standards for the management of
each business process.

In addition, the internal audit department supervises the establishment of the risk management and internal control
systems set up by the management of the Company, ensures that the management has implemented appropriate
measures and reports the general situation of risk management and internal control of the Company to the
Audit Committee on a quarterly basis. The internal audit department also conducts objective evaluation on the
effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reports the results to the Audit
Committee.




56          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION




EFFECTIVENESS OF RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, continuously reviews the risk management and internal control
systems.

The review process comprises, among other things, of meetings with management of business and functional
departments, internal audit department, legal and compliance department, and the external auditors, reviewing the
relevant work reports and information of key performance indicators, internal audit department and external auditors’
assessment on internal control and discussing the major risks with the senior management of the Company.

The Board is of the view that throughout the Reporting Period, the risk management and internal control systems of
the Group were effective and adequate.

In addition, the Board believes that the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions have been performed
by staff with appropriate qualifications and experience and that such staff receive appropriate and sufficient training
and development. Based on the work report from the Audit Committee, the Board also believes that the Company’s
internal audit and financial reporting functions are adequate with sufficient resources and budget. The relevant staff
have appropriate qualifications and experience, and receive sufficient training and development.

The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management
and internal control systems for the Reporting Period.

The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management report and the internal audit findings
by the internal audit department, reviewed the risk management and internal control systems, including the financial,
operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered that such systems are effective
and adequate. The review also covered the financial reporting and internal audit function and staff qualifications,
experiences and relevant resources.

Arrangements are put in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about
possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.

The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Directors, officers, senior
management and relevant employees of the Company in handling confidential information, monitoring information
disclosure and responding to enquiries.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased a total of 3,320,000 shares on the Stock Exchange for an
aggregate consideration of approximately HKD4,033,540 (before expenses). As at the date of this interim report, all
the above repurchased Shares have not yet been cancelled, as the withdrawal of such Shares from CCASS and the
related cancellation formalities with the Company’s share registrar remain in progress. The repurchase was effected
for the enhancement of shareholder value in the long term.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s listed securities (including sale or transfer of treasury Shares, if any) during the Reporting Period.
During the Reporting Period, the Group did not hold or sell any treasury Shares.

AUDIT COMMITTEE AND REVIEW OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Company established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. As
at the date of this interim report, the Audit Committee comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok, Mr. Tin Fan Yuen, Ms. Lily Li Dong and Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim. Mr. Chester Tun Ho
Kwok is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the Reporting Period in conjunction with the Company’s auditor. Based on this review and discussions with
the management, the Audit Committee was satisfied that the Group’s unaudited interim condensed consolidated
financial statements were prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards and fairly present the
Group’s financial position and results for the Reporting Period.
                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            57
OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of Directors subsequent to the date of
the 2025 Annual Report of the Company and up to the date of this interim report are set out below:

Name of Director               Details of Change                                                   Effective Date


Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim         Resigned as an independent non-executive director of                 June 25, 2026
                                 Breton Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the
                                 Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1333))

                               Being an independent non-executive director of Beijing Tong            July 7, 2026
                                 Ren Tang Healthcare Investment Co., Ltd., whose H shares
                                 became listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
                                 Exchange (stock code: 2667) with effect from July 7, 2026

Save as disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules.

IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

From July 1, 2026 and up to the date of this interim report, save for the Company’s repurchase of a further
5,873,500 Shares on the Stock Exchange between July 1 and July 17, 2026, bringing the cumulative number of
Shares repurchased during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this interim report to 9,193,500 Shares for
cancellation, there was no important event or transaction affecting the Group and which is required to be disclosed
by the Company to its Shareholders.




58          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                     REPORT ON REVIEW OF INTERIM
                                                          FINANCIAL INFORMATION

To the Board of Directors of Yixin Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION

We have reviewed the interim financial information set out on pages 60 to 106, which comprises the interim
condensed consolidated balance sheet of Yixin Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the
“Group”) as at 30 June 2026 and the interim condensed consolidated income statement, the interim condensed
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in
equity and the interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and
selected explanatory notes. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. The directors of the
Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of this interim financial information in accordance
with International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion
on this interim financial information based on our review and to report our conclusion solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

SCOPE OF REVIEW

We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410, “Review of
Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity”. A review of interim financial
information consists of making inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and
applying analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted
in accordance with International Standards on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance
that we would become aware of all significant matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not
express an audit opinion.

CONCLUSION

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the interim financial
information of the Group is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with International Accounting
Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting”.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong, August 19, 2026




                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026          59
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                               Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     Note            2026           2025
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                 Unaudited      Unaudited


 Revenues                                                              6
 Transaction Platform Business                                                    4,994,795       4,345,653
 Self-operated Financing Business                                                 1,182,346       1,106,404


                                                                                  6,177,141       5,452,057
 Cost of revenues                                                      8         (2,188,946)     (2,565,854)


 Gross profit                                                                     3,988,195       2,886,203
 Selling and marketing expenses                                        8           (531,700)       (487,287)
 Operation and servicing expenses                                      8           (262,232)       (164,563)
 Administrative expenses                                               8           (376,225)       (271,840)
 Research and development expenses                                     8           (225,083)       (172,487)
 Credit impairment losses                                              8         (1,678,081)     (1,043,375)
 Other income and other gains, net                                     7             60,181          53,044


 Operating profit                                                                  975,055         799,695


 Finance cost, net                                                     9            (40,893)        (17,553)
 Share of (losses)/profits of investments accounted for
   using the equity method                                            14            (86,814)          9,000


 Profit before income tax                                                           847,348         791,142
 Income tax expense                                                   10           (143,716)       (242,464)


 Profit for the period                                                             703,632         548,678


 Profit attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                         703,584         548,678
   – Non-controlling interests                                                          48               –


                                                                                   703,632         548,678


 Profit per share from operations attributable to owners of
   the Company for the period (expressed in RMB per share)            11
   – Basic                                                                            0.104           0.082


   – Diluted                                                                          0.102           0.080


The above interim condensed consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




60             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
             INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
                              OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026           2025
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                  Unaudited      Unaudited


 Profit for the period                                                               703,632        548,678


 Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
 Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
 Currency translation differences                                                    402,854        130,464


 Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss
 Currency translation differences                                                   (535,610)       (122,348)


 Total comprehensive income for the period                                           570,876        556,794


 Attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                           570,785        556,794
   – Non-controlling interests                                                            91              –


                                                                                     570,876        556,794


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with
the accompanying notes.




                                                        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026        61
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET


                                                                      As at            As at
                                                                   30 June      31 December
                                                        Note          2026             2025
                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                 Unaudited           Audited


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property and equipment                                    12        866,862         879,823
Right-of-use assets                                       13         58,096          51,621
Intangible assets                                         12        600,674         622,318
Investments in associates and joint ventures              14        523,315         616,305
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   5.2,15    3,432,140       3,168,688
Deferred income tax assets                                26        912,661         680,236
Prepayments, deposits and other assets                    18         83,465         217,989
Finance receivables                                       16     20,532,655      20,682,925
Trade receivables                                         17      1,560,311       1,974,283
Restricted cash                                          19(b)       23,526          41,305


                                                                 28,593,705      28,935,493


Current assets
Finance receivables                                      16      10,764,672      10,769,357
Trade receivables                                        17       3,000,455       2,895,985
Prepayments, deposits and other assets                   18       4,200,582       3,892,017
Restricted cash                                         19(b)     3,720,850       3,362,193
Cash and cash equivalents                               19(a)     4,682,550       4,506,398


                                                                 26,369,109      25,425,950


Total assets                                                     54,962,814      54,361,443


EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                            20            4,507           4,495
Share premium                                            20       34,217,001      35,036,157
Other reserves                                                       981,986       1,031,830
Accumulated losses                                               (18,414,977)    (19,118,561)
Non-controlling interests                                                (36)           (127)


Total equity                                                     16,788,481      16,953,794




62          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                   30 June         31 December
                                                                     Note             2026                2025
                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 Unaudited              Audited


 Liabilities
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings                                                           25         16,319,133         14,456,620
 Lease liabilities                                                    13             21,509             25,690
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                      26             37,775             79,987
 Other non-current liabilities                                        27            704,514            759,705


                                                                                 17,082,931         15,322,002


 Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                       22            596,936            823,653
 Risk assurance liabilities                                           23          2,870,077          3,079,976
 Other payables and accruals                                          24            968,620            738,491
 Current income tax liabilities                                                     504,922            582,140
 Borrowings                                                           25         16,053,417         16,822,979
 Lease liabilities                                                    13             34,001             23,510
 Derivative financial instruments                                                    63,429             14,898


                                                                                 21,091,402         22,085,647


 Total liabilities                                                               38,174,333         37,407,649


 Total equity and liabilities                                                    54,962,814         54,361,443


The above interim condensed consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.

On behalf of the Board




Andy Xuan Zhang
Director




                                                       YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            63
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

                                                Share           Share        Other     Accumulated Non-controlling        Total
                                               capital       premium      reserves          losses      interests        equity
Unaudited                          Note       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


Balance at 1 January 2026                        4,495      35,036,157    1,031,830     (19,118,561)         (127)    16,953,794


Comprehensive income
Profit for the period                                –               –            –        703,584             48        703,632
Currency translation differences                     –               –     (132,799)             –             43       (132,756)


Total comprehensive income
  for the period                                     –               –     (132,799)       703,584             91       570,876


Transactions with owners
  in their capacity as owners
Share-based compensation                             –               –      90,771                –              –       90,771
Shares issued upon exercise of
  employee share options            20             12           15,306       (4,300)              –              –        11,018
Repurchase shares to cancel                         –                –       (3,516)              –              –        (3,516)
Dividends declared                  20              –         (834,462)           –               –              –      (834,462)


Total transactions with owners
  in their capacity as owners                      12         (819,156)     82,955                –              –      (736,189)


Balance at 30 June 2026                          4,507      34,217,001     981,986      (18,414,977)           (36)   16,788,481




64              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                   INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                  Share        Share           Other    Accumulated    Non-controlling       Total
                                                 capital    premium         reserves         losses          interests      equity
 Unaudited                              Note   RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


 Balance at 1 January 2025                        4,285    34,858,220     1,633,808     (20,016,180)                –    16,480,133


 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the period                                –             –             –         548,678                 –      548,678
 Currency translation differences                     –             –         8,116               –                 –        8,116


 Total comprehensive income
   for the period                                     –             –         8,116         548,678                 –      556,794


 Transactions with owners
   in their capacity as owners
 Share-based compensation                             –             –        56,538               –                 –        56,538
 Shares issued upon exercise of
   employee share options               20          179      921,712       (908,135)              –                 –        13,756
 Vesting of restricted awarded shares   20           15       49,675         (49,690)             –                 –             –
 Purchase of restricted shares under
   share award scheme                                 –             –       (12,460)              –                 –        (12,460)
 Dividends declared                     20            –      (814,398)            –               –                 –      (814,398)


 Total transactions with owners
   in their capacity as owners                      194      156,989       (913,747)              –                 –      (756,564)


 Balance at 30 June 2025                          4,479    35,015,209       728,177     (19,467,502)                –    16,280,363


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.




                                                                  YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                    65
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                            Note         2026           2025
                                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                     Unaudited      Unaudited


 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash generated from operations                                                        995,174      1,716,161
 Income tax paid                                                                      (493,521)      (180,555)

 Net cash generated from operating activities                                          501,653      1,535,606


 Cash flows from investing activities
 Interest received                                                                      36,401          30,155
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment and intangible assets                  2,685            1,400
 Purchase of property and equipment and other non-current assets                       (54,953)        (19,982)
 Purchase of intangible assets                                                          (9,723)          (5,407)
 Loans to related parties                                                             (168,436)      (101,795)
 Collection of loans to third parties and related parties                              117,326          10,000
 Investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and
    derivative instruments                                                            (203,299)         (2,501)
 Proceeds from financial assets                                                              –           5,025
 Investment in associates                                                   14          (2,099)         (1,391)
 Placements of restricted cash                                                        (337,912)      (420,540)
 Maturity of restricted cash                                                           226,576         62,509

 Net cash used in investing activities                                                (393,434)      (442,527)


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from borrowings                                                           14,215,007     12,430,990
 Repayment of borrowings                                                           (13,035,512)   (10,917,967)
 Release of deposits for borrowings                                                     14,554           3,706
 Payment of deposits for borrowings                                                     (3,441)        (17,357)
 Payment of transaction costs for borrowings                                           (53,481)        (35,159)
 Proceeds from issuance of convertible debt                                             21,576               –
 Repayment of lease payments                                                           (14,646)        (11,695)
 Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                 6,003          11,406
 Purchase of restricted shares under share award scheme                                      –         (12,460)
 Repurchase shares to cancel                                                            (3,516)              –
 Dividends paid to company’s shareholders                                             (553,382)      (543,635)
 Interest paid                                                                        (493,042)      (514,753)

 Net cash generated from financing activities                                          100,120       393,076


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                             208,339      1,486,155

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period                                4,506,398      4,212,760
 Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                          (32,187)       (18,369)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period                                      4,682,550      5,680,546


The above interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the
accompanying notes.

66          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
    NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                            FINANCIAL INFORMATION

1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Yixin Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 19 November 2014 as an
    exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated
    and revised) of the Cayman Islands. The address of the Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland
    House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

    The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    since 16 November 2017.

    The Company is an investment holding company. The Company together with its subsidiaries and
    consolidated affiliated entity (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in (i) the provision of software-
    as-a-service (“SaaS”) services, loan facilitation services, guarantee services and value-added services
    (“Transaction Platform Business”); and (ii) the provision of financing lease services, factoring services and
    other automobile services (“Self-operated Financing Business”) substantially in the People’s Republic of China
    (the “PRC”).

    As at the date of the interim condensed consolidated financial information, there is no ultimate parent of the
    Company. Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”, collectively with its subsidiaries, the “Tencent Group”) is the
    largest shareholder of the Company.

    The interim condensed consolidated financial information is presented in RMB, unless otherwise stated. All
    companies comprising the Group have adopted 31 December as their financial year-end date.

    United States Dollars are defined as “USD”, Hong Kong Dollars are defined as “HKD”, Singapore Dollars
    are defined as “SGD”, Japanese Yen is defined as “JPY”, Macau Pataca is defined as “MOP”, Thai Baht is
    defined as “THB”, Mexico Peso is defined as “MXN” and Malaysian Ringgit is defined as “MYR”.

2   BASIS OF PREPARATION

    This interim condensed consolidated financial information for the six months ended 30 June 2026 has been
    prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard (“IAS”) 34, “Interim financial reporting” issued
    by the International Accounting Standards Board. The interim condensed consolidated financial information
    does not include all the notes of the type normally included in an annual financial report. Accordingly, the
    interim condensed consolidated financial information should be read in conjunction with the annual financial
    statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 which have been prepared in accordance
    with IFRS Accounting Standards (“IFRS”) by the Group.




                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            67
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




3    ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The accounting policies applied are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the year
     ended 31 December 2025, as described in those annual financial statements, except for the adoption of new
     and amended standards as set out below. The Group did not have to change its accounting policies or make
     retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting these amended standards.

     (a)    New and amended standards adopted by the Group

            The following amended standards are mandatory for the first time for the Group’s financial year
            beginning on 1 January 2026 and are applicable for the Group:

                                                                                         Effective for annual
                                                                                          periods beginning
             Standards and amendments                                                             on or after

             Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments –
               Amendment to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                                 1 January 2026
             Contracts referencing nature-dependent electricity –
               Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                                                1 January 2026
             Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 –
               Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7                        1 January 2026

            The above new and amended IFRS Accounting Standards effective for the financial year beginning on
            1 January 2026 do not have a material impact on the Group’s interim financial information.

     (b)    New standards and interpretations not yet adopted

            The following new and amended accounting standards and annual improvements have been published
            but are not mandatory for 30 June 2026 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the
            Group.

                                                                                         Effective for annual
                                                                                          periods beginning
             Standards and amendments                                                             on or after

             Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency –
               Amendment to IAS 21                                                            1 January 2027
             Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements – IFRS 18                    1 January 2027
             Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures – IFRS 19                1 January 2027
             Sales or contribution of Assets between an investor and its associate –
               Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                                             To be determined

            These new and amended accounting standards and annual improvements are not expected to have
            a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future
            transactions, except for the adoption of IFRS 18 for the reporting periods beginning on or after 1
            January 2027.




68         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




3   ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    (b)   New standards and interpretations not yet adopted (Continued)

          Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial
          statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected to be pervasive, in particular
          those related to the income statement and providing management-defined performance measures
          within the financial statements.

          Management is currently assessing the detailed implications of applying the new standard on the
          Group’s consolidated financial statements.

4   ESTIMATES

    The preparation of interim condensed consolidated financial information requires management to make
    judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expense. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    In preparing this interim condensed consolidated financial information, the significant judgements made by
    management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were
    the same as those that applied in the preparation of the annual financial statements of the Group for the year
    ended 31 December 2025.

5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

    5.1   Financial risk factors

          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk,
          interest risk), credit risk and liquidity risk.

          The interim condensed consolidated financial information does not include all financial risk
          management information and disclosures required for the annual financial statements, and should be
          read in conjunction with the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.

          There have been no significant changes in the Group’s risk management department or in any risk
          management policies since 31 December 2025.

          (a)    Expected credit loss measurement

                 The estimation of credit exposure for risk management purposes is complex and requires the
                 use of models, as the exposure varies with changes in market conditions, expected cash flows
                 and the passage of time. The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further
                 estimations as to the likelihood of defaults occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of default
                 correlations between counterparties. The Group measures credit risk using Probability of Default
                 (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Loss Given Default (LGD). This is consistent with the
                 models applied in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.




                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026             69
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     5.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)

            (a)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                  Finance receivables

                  For expected credit loss provisions modelled on a collective basis, a grouping of exposures
                  is performed on the basis of shared risk characteristics, such that the risk exposures within
                  a group are homogeneous. The Group determines groupings by product type, namely
                  consumption loan, automobile mortgage loan and commercial vehicle loan.

                  IFRS 9 outlines a ‘three-stage’ model for impairment based on changes in credit quality since
                  initial recognition as summarised below:

                  •      A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified in
                         ‘Stage I’.

                  •      If a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is identified, the financial
                         instrument is moved to ‘Stage II’. The Group considers a financial instrument to have
                         experienced a significant increase in credit risk if the borrower is more than 30 days past
                         due on its contractual payments.

                  •      If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved to
                         ‘Stage III’. The Group defines a financial instrument as in default, which is fully aligned
                         with the definition of credit-impaired, if the borrower is more than 90 days past due on
                         its contractual payments.

                  •      Financial instruments in Stage I have their expected credit losses (“ECL”) measured at an
                         amount equal to the portion of lifetime ECL that result from default events possible within
                         the next 12 months. Instruments in Stage II or III have their ECL measured based on ECL
                         on a lifetime basis.




70         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    5.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (a)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                Finance receivables (Continued)

                Provision for expected credit losses as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 was
                determined as follows for finance receivables:

                 30 June 2026                             Stage I       Stage II      Stage III         Total
                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                        Unaudited     Unaudited      Unaudited      Unaudited


                 Expected loss rate                         2.06%        48.54%         58.92%          3.58%
                 Gross carrying amount (Note 16)        31,537,470       296,729        625,216     32,459,415
                 Provision for expected credit losses      649,680       144,040        368,368      1,162,088


                 31 December 2025                         Stage I        Stage II       Stage III       Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


                 Expected loss rate                         2.09%        52.39%         60.00%          3.52%
                 Gross carrying amount (Note 16)        31,767,173       216,809        615,787     32,599,769
                 Provision for expected credit losses      664,426       113,589        369,472      1,147,487


                The forward-looking assumptions used for the ECL estimate as at 30 June 2026 are Consumer
                M2 and Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) (31 December 2025: M2 and GDP). Due to the
                fluctuation of the macroeconomic environment, the Group used historical data to refit the
                prospective regression model to determine key economic variables.

                Finance receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
                Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the
                failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan after the completion of legal proceedings and
                execution, and a failure to make contractual payments for a certain period of time past due.

                Provision for expected credit losses on finance receivables is presented as net impairment
                losses within operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are
                credited against the same line item.




                                                        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026          71
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     5.1    Financial risk factors (Continued)

            (a)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                  Trade receivables and other receivables other than loans recognized as a result of payment
                  under risk assurance

                  For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to measure the
                  loss allowance at lifetime expected credit losses. To measure the expected credit losses, trade
                  receivables have been grouped based on counterparties with reference to external credit rating
                  and historical observed default rates. The Company considers the counterparties with good
                  credit worthiness with reference to external credit rating and historical observed default rates
                  over the expected life. The Company has identified the Total Retail Sales of Consumer Goods
                  (Retail) and Producer Price Index (PPI) to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts
                  the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors. In the opinion of the
                  Company, the estimated loss rates of these counterparties are not significant and the Group
                  assessed that the ECL on these balances are insignificant.

                  For other receivables other than loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance,
                  the Company makes periodic collective assessment as well as individual assessments on the
                  recoverability of such receivables based on external credit rating and historical settlement
                  records.

                  Trade receivables and other receivables other than loans recognized as a result of payment
                  under risk assurance are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.
                  Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the
                  failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the group.

                  Provision for impairment of trade receivables and other receivables other than loans recognized
                  as a result of payment under risk assurance is presented as net impairment losses within
                  operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against
                  the same line item.




72         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    5.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (a)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                Off balance-sheet items and loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance

                Under the arrangements with certain financial institutions for loan facilitation or SaaS services,
                the Group is obligated to purchase the entirety or a proportionate of relevant loans upon certain
                specified events of default by car buyers. As of 30 June 2026, the total outstanding balance
                of loans funded by financial institutions under such arrangements was RMB91,989 million
                (31 December 2025: RMB86,367 million). As at 30 June 2026, the risk assurance liabilities
                recognized by the Group under such financial guarantee contracts was RMB2,870.1 million (31
                December 2025: RMB3,075.7 million).

                Expected credit loss provisions of related risk assurance liabilities are modelled on a collective
                basis. A grouping of exposures is performed on the basis of shared risk characteristics, such
                that the risk exposures within a group are homogeneous. The Group determines groupings by
                product type, namely consumption loan and automobile mortgage loan.

                For loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance, which are purchased or
                originated credit-impaired (“POCI”) financial assets, the Group estimates the lifetime expected
                credit losses.

                For POCI financial assets, the Group only recognizes cumulative changes in lifetime ECL after
                initial recognition at the end of the reporting period as loss provision.

                The forward-looking assumptions used for the ECL estimate as at 30 June 2026 are M2
                and GDP (31 December 2025: M2 and GDP). Due to the fluctuation of the macroeconomic
                environment, the Group used historical data to refit the prospective regression model to
                determine key economic variables.

                Risk assurance liabilities and loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance
                are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no
                reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage
                in a repayment plan after the completion of legal proceedings and execution, and a failure to
                make contractual payments for a certain period of time past due.

                Provision for expected credit losses on risk assurance liabilities and loans recognized as a result
                of payment under risk assurance is presented as net impairment losses within operating profit.
                Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
                item.




                                                         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            73
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     5.2    Fair value estimation

            The table below analyzes the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 30 June 2026
            and as at 31 December 2025, by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value.
            Such inputs are categorized into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

            •        level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

            •        level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset
                     or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices)

            •        level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                     unobservable inputs)

            The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at 30
            June 2026:

                                                               Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                             Unaudited       Unaudited       Unaudited       Unaudited


                Assets:
                Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (Note 15)                              –               –     3,432,140          3,432,140
                Investments in associates                               –               –       134,387            134,387


                Total financial assets                                  –               –     3,566,527          3,566,527


                Liabilities:
                Derivative financial instruments                        –         42,111          21,318           63,429


            The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at 31
            December 2025:

                                                                Level 1         Level 2         Level 3             Total
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                Audited         Audited         Audited           Audited


                Assets:
                Financial assets at fair value through
                  profit or loss (Note 15)                              –               –     3,168,688          3,168,688
                Investments in associates                               –               –       136,521            136,521


                Total financial assets                                  –               –     3,305,209          3,305,209


                Liabilities:
                Derivative financial instruments                        –         14,898                –          14,898




74         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    5.2   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          (a)   Financial instruments in level 1

                The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                prices at each of the reporting dates. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are
                readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing
                service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held
                by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

          (b)   Financial instruments in level 2

                The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                over-the-counter derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation
                techniques maximize the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as
                possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument
                are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                is included in level 3.

                •      Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

                •      Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                       value for the remaining financial instruments.




                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026             75
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     5.2    Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (c)    Financial instruments in level 3

                  The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of financial assets and liabilities
                  at fair value through profit or loss for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.

                                                                           Financial assets and liabilities at fair
                                                                               value through profit or loss
                                                                                       2026                 2025
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                 Unaudited             Unaudited


                    As at 1 January                                                3,168,688             3,362,034
                    Additions                                                        320,982                     –
                    Change in fair value                                               2,407               (23,758)
                    Currency translation differences                                 (81,255)              (10,841)


                    As at 30 June                                                  3,410,822             3,327,435


                    Total unrealized gains and change in fair value
                      for the period                                                    2,407              (23,758)


                  There is no transfer from level 1 and level 2 instruments to level 3 for the six months ended 30
                  June 2026 (2025: nil).

                  The Group has a team that manages the valuation exercise of level 3 instruments for financial
                  reporting purposes on a case by case basis. At least once every year, the team would use
                  valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments. External
                  valuation experts will be involved when necessary.




76         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    5.2   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

                The level 3 instruments mainly included investments in private companies and debt instruments.
                As these instruments are not traded in an active market, their fair values have been determined
                using various applicable valuation techniques.

                                  Fair value                                               Percentage     Relationship of
                                 at 30 June    Valuation           Significant                 or ratio   unobservable inputs
                                       2026    technique           unobservable inputs          range     to fair value
                                  RMB’000


                 Unlisted           48,078     Discounted cash     WACC (Weighted                 28%     The higher the expected
                   securities                    flow model          Average Cost of                        WACC, the lower the fair
                                                                     Capital)                               value.
                                                                   Terminal growth rate            2%     The higher the expected
                                                                                                            terminal growth rate, the
                                                                                                            higher the fair value.
                                 3,384,062     Market approach     LOMD (Lack of           9.9%-33.0%     The higher the expected
                                                                     Marketability                          LOMD, the lower the
                                                                     Discount)                              fair value.
                 Debt               (21,318)   Scenario Analysis   Bond Yield             6.61%-6.68%     The higher the expected
                   instruments                                                                              Bond Yield, the lower
                                                                                                            the fair value.


                If the fair values of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss held by the Group had
                been 10% higher/lower, profit for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 would have
                been approximately RMB322 million higher/lower and RMB314 million higher/lower, respectively.




                                                              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                         77
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




6    SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group’s business activities, for which discrete financial information are available, are regularly reviewed
     and evaluated by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). The CODM, who is responsible for allocating
     resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive
     directors of the Company that make strategic decisions. As a result of this evaluation, the Group determined
     that it has operating segments as follows:

     –        Transaction Platform Business

     –        Self-operated Financing Business

     The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments mainly based on segment revenues,
     segment gross profit and segment operating profit. The revenues from external customers reported to CODM
     are measured as segment revenues, which is the revenues derived from the customers in each segment. The
     segment gross profit is calculated as segment revenues minus segment cost of revenues. Cost of revenues
     for the Transaction Platform Business segment primarily comprised commission fees and other direct service
     costs. Cost of revenues for the Self-operated Financing Business segment primarily comprised funding costs
     and other direct costs. The segment operating profit is calculated as segment gross profit minus selling and
     marketing expenses, operation and servicing expenses, administrative expenses, research and development
     expenses, credit impairment losses and other income and other gains, net associated with the respective
     segment.

     Finance cost, net is not included in the measurement of the segments’ performance which is used by CODM
     as a basis for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

     Other information, together with the segment information, provided to the CODM, is measured in a manner
     consistent with that applied in these financial statements. There was no separate segment assets and
     segment liabilities information provided to the CODM, as CODM does not use this information to allocate
     resources or to evaluate the performance of the operating segments.

     The segment results for the six months ended 30 June 2026 are as follows:

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                  Transaction Self-operated
                                                                     Platform      Financing
                                                                     Business       Business         Total
                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                   Unaudited      Unaudited      Unaudited


         Revenues                                                    4,994,795        1,182,346         6,177,141
           – Recognized at a point in time                           3,855,556                –         3,855,556
           – Recognized over the lease or contractual term                   –        1,182,346         1,182,346
           – Recognized over time                                    1,139,239                –         1,139,239
         Gross profit                                                3,281,174          707,021         3,988,195
         Operating profit                                              971,826            3,229           975,055




78           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




6   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    The segment results for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are as follows:

                                                                      Six months ended 30 June 2025
                                                                 Transaction   Self-operated
                                                                    Platform       Financing
                                                                    Business        Business         Total
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                  Unaudited       Unaudited      Unaudited


     Revenues                                                      4,345,653        1,106,404        5,452,057
       – Recognized at a point in time                             3,408,314                –        3,408,314
       – Recognized over the lease or contractual term                     –        1,106,404        1,106,404
       – Recognized over time                                        937,339                –          937,339
     Gross profit                                                  2,268,950          617,253        2,886,203
     Operating profit                                                737,582           62,113          799,695


    None of the customers of the Group have accounted for more than 10% of the Group’s total revenues for the
    six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025.

    The Company is domiciled in the Cayman Islands while the Group mainly operates its businesses in the PRC
    and earns substantially all of the revenues from external customers attributed to the PRC.

    As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, substantially all of the non-current assets of the Group were
    located in the PRC.

    The Group derives revenue from the following services and transfer of goods:

                                                            Six months ended 30 June 2026
                                                                             Recognized
                                                                                over the
                                               Recognized                        lease or
                                                 at a point    Recognized    contractual
                                                    in time      over time          term                 Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                Unaudited       Unaudited     Unaudited              Unaudited


     Transaction Platform Business:              3,855,556         1,139,239                 –       4,994,795
       – SaaS services                           2,988,694                 –                 –       2,988,694
       – Loan facilitation services                740,995                 –                 –         740,995
       – Guarantee services                              –         1,139,239                 –       1,139,239
       – Value-added services                      125,867                 –                 –         125,867


     Self-operated Financing Business:                     –                –       1,182,346        1,182,346
       – Financing lease services                          –                –       1,146,095        1,146,095
       – Factoring services and other
            automobile services                            –                –          36,251           36,251


     Total                                       3,855,556         1,139,239        1,182,346        6,177,141


                                                         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026         79
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




6    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                 Six months ended 30 June 2025
                                                                                   Recognized
                                                                                       over the
                                                Recognized                             lease or
                                                  at a point        Recognized      contractual
                                                     in time           over time          term           Total
                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                 Unaudited            Unaudited      Unaudited       Unaudited


     Transaction Platform Business:                  3,408,314         937,339                  –    4,345,653
       – SaaS services                               1,873,371               –                  –    1,873,371
       – Loan facilitation services                  1,420,560               –                  –    1,420,560
       – Guarantee services                                  –         937,339                  –      937,339
       – Value-added services                          114,383               –                  –      114,383


     Self-operated Financing Business:                       –               –        1,106,404      1,106,404
       – Financing lease services                            –               –        1,079,515      1,079,515
       – Factoring services and other
            automobile services                              –               –           26,889         26,889


     Total                                           3,408,314         937,339        1,106,404      5,452,057


7    OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS, NET

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                   Unaudited         Unaudited


     Foreign exchange gains, net                                                      50,922            15,037
     Other income from business cooperation arrangements with
       Yusheng Holdings Limited (“Yusheng”) (Note 27(a))                              31,690            33,026
     Government grants                                                                10,074            29,161
     Fair value losses on financial assets and derivatives                           (26,508)          (22,326)
     Bank fees and charges                                                            (3,906)            (4,869)
     Others, net                                                                      (2,091)             3,015


                                                                                      60,181            53,044




80       YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
          NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




8   EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2026              2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                      Unaudited         Unaudited


      Commission fees incurred for transaction platform business                                        1,687,041                  2,050,777
      Provision for expected credit losses:
        – Other receivables (a)                                                                            581,922                   369,452
        – Risk assurance liabilities (Note 23)                                                             570,531                   365,067
        – Finance receivables (Note 16)                                                                    525,809                   299,000
        – Trade receivables (Note 17)                                                                         (181)                    9,856
      Employee benefit expenses                                                                            745,787                   613,982
      Funding costs                                                                                        453,315                   468,994
      Office and administrative expenses                                                                   170,452                   118,267
      Marketing and advertising expenditures                                                               149,315                   115,646
      Service fee related to financing lease business                                                      122,007                   114,441
      Depreciation and amortization charges                                                                 89,802                    74,783
      Professional and consulting fees                                                                      82,168                    64,928
      Provision for impairment of other non-current assets                                                  42,357                    14,585
      VAT surcharges                                                                                        19,881                    15,269
      Other expenses                                                                                        22,061                    10,359


      Total                                                                                             5,262,267                  4,705,406


    Notes:

    (a)       The provision for expected credit losses on other receivables was primarily related to loans recognized as a result of payment under
              risk assurance.


9   FINANCE COST, NET

                                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                          2026              2025
                                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                      Unaudited         Unaudited


      Finance income:
        – Interest income                                                                                   43,375                     33,827

      Finance cost:
        – Interest expenses                                                                                (84,268)                   (51,380)


      Net finance cost                                                                                     (40,893)                   (17,553)




                                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                         81
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




10   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     The income tax expense of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 is analyzed as
     follows:

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                       2026              2025
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                   Unaudited         Unaudited


      Current income tax expense                                                      418,036              326,477
      Deferred income tax (Note 26)                                                  (274,320)             (84,013)


      Income tax expense                                                              143,716              242,464


     (a)    Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) Income Tax

            The Company was incorporated under the law of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company
            with limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted
            from Cayman Islands income tax. The Group entities established under the International Business
            Companies Acts of BVI are exempted from BVI income taxes.

     (b)    Hong Kong Income Tax

            The entity incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of which the tax rate is 8.25%
            for assessable profits in the first HKD2 million and 16.5% for any assessable profits in excess of HKD2
            million.

     (c)    PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)

            The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in PRC was calculated at the tax
            rate of 25% on the assessable profits for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, based on the
            existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

            Effective for 3 years commencing from the year ended 31 December 2025, Shanghai Xulu Information
            Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xulu”, formerly known as Shanghai Lanshu Information Technology
            Co., Ltd.) was accredited as a “High-tech enterprise”, hence it enjoys a preferential corporate income
            tax rate of 15% from 2025 to 2027.

            In accordance with relevant PRC laws and regulations, Xinjiang Wanhong Information Technology
            Co., Ltd. (“Xinjiang Wanhong”) is exempted from EIT local-sharing part for five year. Commencing
            from the 6th operation income-generating year, Xinjiang Wanhong is eligible to enjoy a reduced EIT
            rate of 9% in 2026. Exempted from the local-sharing part of EIT for five years, commencing from the
            6th operation income-generating year, Xinjiang Wanxing Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xinjiang
            Wanxing”) is eligible to enjoy a reduced EIT rate of 9% in 2026.

     (d)    Enterprise income tax in other jurisdictions

            Income tax on profit arising from other jurisdictions, including Singapore, Japan and Thailand, had
            been calculated on the estimated assessable profit for the year at the respective rates prevailing in the
            relevant jurisdictions, ranging from 17% to 30%.




82         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




10   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

     (e)      PRC Withholding Tax (“WHT”)

              According to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (“EIT Law”), distribution of profits earned by PRC
              companies since 1 January 2008 to foreign investors is subject to withholding tax of 5% or 10%,
              depending on the country/jurisdiction of incorporation of the foreign investor, upon the distribution of
              profits to overseas-incorporated immediate holding companies.

              Deferred income tax liability on WHT is accrued based on the best estimation when the Group has a
              plan to require its PRC subsidiaries to distribute their retained earnings. For the six months ended 30
              June 2026, the Group had a plan to require its PRC subsidiary to distribute its retained earnings to
              overseas-incorporated immediate holding company. Accordingly, the Group accrued deferred income
              tax liability on WHT on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Mainland of PRC in
              respect of earnings generated.

11   EARNINGS PER SHARE

     Earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the weighted
     average number of ordinary shares in issue during the period.

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026              2025
                                                                                    Unaudited         Unaudited


      Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares                         6,765,748,051        6,696,870,781
      Less: shares held for restricted share scheme and shares
        repurchased for cancellation                                                  (610,487)           (2,550,448)


      Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for
       calculating basic earnings per share                                     6,765,137,564        6,694,320,333


      Profit attributable to owners of the Company for calculating
        basic earnings per share (RMB’000)                                             703,584              548,678


      Diluted impact on profit (RMB’000)                                                      –                    –


      Profit attributable to owners of the Company for calculating
        diluted earnings per share (RMB’000)                                           703,584              548,678


      Numbers of restricted shares and options with potential
        dilutive effect (Note (b))                                                148,291,473            178,894,463


      Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for
       calculating diluted earnings per share (Note (b))                        6,913,429,037        6,873,214,796


      Earnings per share

           – Basic (RMB per share)                                                        0.104                0.082


           – Diluted (RMB per share)                                                      0.102                0.080

                                                             YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           83
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




11   EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

     Notes:


     (a)       Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
               conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the Company’s dilutive
               potential ordinary shares comprise share options and restricted shares awarded under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the 2024
               Share Scheme, the First and Second Share Award Scheme (Note 21).


     (b)       For the six months ended 30 June 2026, a calculation was done to determine the number of shares that could have been converted
               at fair value (determined as the average market share price of the Company’s shares during the period) based on the monetary
               value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding unexercised awarded options and unvested awarded shares. The number
               of shares calculated as above was compared with the number of shares that would have been issued, assuming the conversion of
               the share options and restricted shares, with the difference being adjusted in arriving at the weighted average number of shares for
               diluted profit per share.


12   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                         Property and             Intangible
                                                                                                           Equipment                 Assets
                                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                           Unaudited              Unaudited


       Six months ended 30 June 2026:
       Opening net book amount                                                                                  879,823               622,318
       Additions                                                                                                 54,368                 9,113
       Disposals                                                                                                 (3,024)                    –
       Depreciation/amortization charge                                                                         (44,776)              (30,757)
       Currency translation differences                                                                         (19,529)                    –


       Closing net book amount                                                                                  866,862               600,674


       Six months ended 30 June 2025:
       Opening net book amount                                                                                  631,520               673,649
       Additions                                                                                                 25,336                 4,628
       Disposals                                                                                                  (1,556)                   –
       Depreciation/amortization charge                                                                         (33,593)              (30,516)
       Currency translation differences                                                                               24                    –


       Closing net book amount                                                                                  621,731               647,761




84            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




13   LEASES

     (a)   Amounts recognized in the interim condensed consolidated balance sheet

           The interim condensed consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                    As at                   As at
                                                                                 30 June             31 December
                                                                                    2026                    2025
                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                               Unaudited                  Audited


            Right-of-use assets
            Properties                                                              58,096                51,621


            Lease liabilities
            Current                                                                 34,001                23,510
            Non-current                                                             21,509                25,690


                                                                                    55,510                49,200


           Additions to the right-of-use assets during the six months ended 30 June 2026 were RMB28,546,000
           (30 June 2025: RMB25,215,000).

     (b)   Amounts recognized in the interim condensed consolidated income statement

                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                   2026              2025
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                               Unaudited         Unaudited


            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
            Properties                                                              14,269                10,674


            Interest expense (included in finance cost)                              1,314                   962
            Expense relating to short-term leases (included in
               administrative expenses, operation and servicing
               expenses, selling and marketing expenses, and
               research and development expenses)                                    8,190                10,475




                                                         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            85
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




14   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                2026           2025
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                            Unaudited      Unaudited


      At the beginning of the period                                           616,305        303,041
      Share of (losses)/gains of associates                                    (86,814)         9,000
      Increase in capital and shares                                             2,099          1,391
      Currency translation differences                                          (8,275)         4,221


      At the end of the period                                                 523,315        317,653


     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, Investments in associates amounting to RMB134,387,000 and
     RMB136,521,000 are measured through fair values at each of the reporting dates.

15   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                       Six months ended 30 June
                                                                             2026              2025
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                         Unaudited         Unaudited


      At the beginning of the period                                      3,168,688         3,368,991
      Additions                                                             342,300              2,501
      Disposals                                                                   –             (7,273)
      Change in fair value                                                    2,407           (22,326)
      Currency translation differences                                      (81,255)          (10,892)


      At the end of the period                                            3,432,140         3,331,001




86        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




16   FINANCE RECEIVABLES

     The Group provides automobile financing lease services on its self-operated financing business. Details of
     finance receivables as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 are as below:

                                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                  30 June             31 December
                                                                                     2026                    2025
                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                Unaudited                  Audited


      Finance receivables
        – Finance receivables, gross                                            36,330,465             36,468,987
        – Unearned finance income                                               (3,871,050)            (3,869,218)


      Finance receivables, net                                                  32,459,415             32,599,769
      Less: provision for expected credit losses                                (1,162,088)            (1,147,487)


      Carrying amount of finance receivables                                    31,297,327             31,452,282


      Finance receivables, gross
        – Within one year                                                       12,935,208             13,111,629
        – After one year but not more than two years                             9,802,354              9,808,906
        – After two years but not more than three years                          7,044,001              7,236,645
        – After three years                                                      6,548,902              6,311,807


                                                                                36,330,465             36,468,987


      Finance receivables, net
        – Within one year                                                       11,205,888             11,270,548
        – After one year but not more than two years                             8,570,130              8,467,029
        – After two years but not more than three years                          6,491,766              6,635,480
        – After three years                                                      6,191,631              6,226,712


      Total                                                                     32,459,415             32,599,769




                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            87
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




16   FINANCE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     The following table sets forth the carrying amount of finance receivables by major categories:

                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                    30 June           31 December
                                                                                       2026                  2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                  Unaudited                Audited


      Finance receivables:
        – Individual customers                                                    30,919,440           31,282,434
        – Auto dealers                                                               377,887              169,848


                                                                                  31,297,327           31,452,282


     Movements on the Group’s provision for expected credit losses of finance receivables are as follows:

                                                                 Six Months ended 30 June 2026
                                                           Stage I     Stage II    Stage III       Total
                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                         Unaudited   Unaudited   Unaudited     Unaudited


      As at 1 January 2026                                  664,426        113,589        369,472       1,147,487
      Provision for impairment                              275,622        (10,535)       267,583         532,670
      Reversal of impairment                                      –              –         (6,861)         (6,861)
      Transfer for the period:
      Conversion to Stage I                                   1,070           (999)           (71)              –
      Conversion to Stage II                               (122,944)       123,293           (349)              –
      Conversion to Stage III                              (168,494)       (81,308)       249,802               –
      Asset derecognized (including final repayment)               –              –          6,861          6,861
      Write-off                                                    –              –       (518,069)      (518,069)


      As at 30 June 2026                                    649,680        144,040        368,368       1,162,088




88        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




16   FINANCE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

                                                                  Six Months ended 30 June 2025
                                                        Stage I          Stage II     Stage III         Total
                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                      Unaudited        Unaudited    Unaudited       Unaudited


     As at 1 January 2025                              596,549           61,627      274,251          932,427
     Provision for impairment                          185,797          (14,328)     132,968          304,437
     Reversal of impairment                                  –                –       (5,437)          (5,437)
     Transfer for the period:
     Conversion to Stage I                                  742            (675)          (67)               –
     Conversion to Stage II                             (72,089)         72,261         (172)                –
     Conversion to Stage III                            (78,149)        (39,772)     117,921                 –

     Asset derecognized (including final repayment)           –               –         5,437            5,437
     Write-off                                                –               –      (240,938)        (240,938)


     As at 30 June 2025                                632,850           79,113      283,963          995,926


17   TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                   As at                 As at
                                                                                30 June           31 December
                                                                                   2026                  2025
                                                                               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                              Unaudited                Audited


     Trade receivables                                                         4,629,644            4,939,327
     Less: provision for impairment                                              (68,878)             (69,059)


     Trade receivables, net                                                    4,560,766            4,870,268


     Trade receivables, net                                                    4,560,766            4,870,268
     – Within one year                                                         3,000,455            2,895,985
     – After one year but not more than five years                             1,560,311            1,974,283




                                                      YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            89
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




17   TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     (a)    An aging analysis of trade receivables (net of provision for impairment) based on days past due is as
            follows:

                                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                                  30 June            31 December
                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                Unaudited                 Audited


             Not due                                                             4,506,561             4,848,635
             Up to 3 months                                                         53,906                21,187
             3 to 6 months                                                               2                   126
             Over 6 months                                                             297                   320


                                                                                 4,560,766             4,870,268


            As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of trade receivables are primarily
            denominated in RMB and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.

     (b)    Movements on the Group’s provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                               Provision for impairment
                                                                                     2026               2025
                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                Unaudited          Unaudited


             At the beginning of the period                                         69,059                34,112
             (Reversal)/Charge for the year                                           (181)                9,856


             At the end of the period                                               68,878                43,968




90         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




18   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                    30 June             31 December
                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                  Unaudited                  Audited


      Included in non-current assets:
      Vehicles collected from financing lease customers                              128,432                114,022
      Deposits                                                                        14,772                 13,153
      Long-term prepaid expense                                                        1,049                  1,506
      Prepayment for a capital investment                                                  –                140,000
      Others                                                                          14,200                 13,303


                                                                                     158,453                281,984


      Less: provision for impairment of vehicles collected from
        financing lease customers                                                     (74,988)               (63,995)


                                                                                       83,465               217,989


      Included in current assets:
      Deposits                                                                     1,543,830              1,194,650
      Loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance                 1,027,106                827,187
      Factoring                                                                      828,043                952,270
      Loans to related parties                                                       665,560                600,466
      Prepaid taxes                                                                  182,863                198,952
      Loans to third parties                                                         118,718                132,702
      Other receivables from third parties                                            74,053                112,671
      Prepayments                                                                     37,834                 48,040
      Other receivables from disposal of assets                                       25,205                 52,218
      Others                                                                          43,400                 38,045


                                                                                   4,546,612              4,157,201


      Less: provision for impairment of other receivables                            (346,030)              (265,184)


                                                                                   4,200,582              3,892,017


      Total                                                                        4,284,047              4,110,006


     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of prepayments, deposits and other
     assets are primarily denominated in RMB and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.




                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            91
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




19   CASH AND BANK BALANCES

     (a)    Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                              As at             As at
                                                                           30 June       31 December
                                                                              2026              2025
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                         Unaudited            Audited


             Cash and cash equivalents                                   4,682,550         4,506,398


            As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and cash
            equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                              As at             As at
                                                                           30 June       31 December
                                                                              2026              2025
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                         Unaudited            Audited


             RMB                                                         4,125,268         4,098,912
             USD                                                           221,103           201,871
             SGD                                                           207,920           136,500
             MYR                                                            42,210             5,480
             MXN                                                            35,116                 –
             HKD                                                            23,713             5,632
             JPY                                                            18,471            54,126
             THB                                                             5,650             1,128
             MOP                                                             3,099             2,749


                                                                         4,682,550         4,506,398




92         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




19   CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

     (b)   Restricted cash

           Cash that is restricted as to withdrawal for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the
           face of the interim condensed consolidated balance sheet, and is not included in the total cash and
           cash equivalents in the interim condensed consolidated statement of cash flows.

                                                                                                      As at                    As at
                                                                                                   30 June              31 December
                                                                                                      2026                     2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                 Unaudited                   Audited


             Cash pledged for loan facilitation and SaaS services (a)                              2,417,203                2,465,367
             Cash deposited for borrowings (b)                                                       993,294                  867,168
             Term deposits pledged for bank borrowings (c)                                            52,472                   66,407
             Others                                                                                  281,407                    4,556


                                                                                                   3,744,376                3,403,498


             Of which are:
             Current restricted cash                                                               3,720,850                3,362,193
             Non-current restricted cash                                                              23,526                   41,305


           Notes:

           (a)      The balance represents the deposits placed with banks and used as pledged assets for the Group’s loan facilitation and
                    SaaS services.

           (b)      The balance represents the cash deposited for bank borrowings and cash collected from the finance receivables that
                    are deposited for asset-backed securitization or other secured borrowings by the Group. Such balance is restricted from
                    withdrawal by the Group.

           (c)      The balance represents the term deposits placed with banks and used as pledged assets for the Group’s bank borrowings.




                                                                     YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                       93
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




19   CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

     (b)    Restricted cash (Continued)

            As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of the Group’s restricted cash are
            denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                        30 June          31 December
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited               Audited


             RMB                                                                      3,448,792              3,398,789
             HKD                                                                        278,266                    560
             USD                                                                         13,281                      –
             SGD                                                                          4,037                  4,149


                                                                                      3,744,376              3,403,498


            As at 30 June 2026, the applicable interest rates per annum on restricted cash ranges from 0.6% to
            3.1% (31 December 2025: 0.00% to 1.70%).

20   SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM

                                                      Number of    Nominal value of         Number of    Nominal value of
                                                 ordinary shares    ordinary shares   preferred shares   preferred shares
                                                                           USD’000                               USD’000


      Authorized:
      As at 1 January and 30 June 2026            15,000,000,000              1,500                  –                  –


      As at 1 January and 30 June 2025            15,000,000,000              1,500                  –                  –




94         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




20   SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM (Continued)

                                                                                                             Equivalent
                                                                         Number of      Nominal value      Nominal value
                                                                           ordinary       of ordinary        of ordinary              Share
                                                          Note              shares            shares             shares            premium
                                                                                             USD’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


       Issued:
       At 1 January 2026                                              6,787,178,701                671              4,495        35,036,157
       Shares issued upon exercise of employee
         share options                                     (a)           18,032,833                  2                 12            15,306
       Dividends declared                                  (b)                    –                  –                  –          (834,462)


       As at 30 June 2026                                             6,805,211,534                673              4,507        34,217,001


       At 1 January 2025                                              6,524,128,512                642              4,285        34,858,220
       Shares issued upon exercise of employee
         share options                                     (a)          251,300,189                 25               179            921,712
       Vesting of restricted awarded shares                                       –                  2                15             49,675
       Dividends declared                                  (b)                    –                  –                 –           (814,398)


       As at 30 June 2025                                             6,775,428,701                669              4,479        35,015,209


     Notes:

     (a)      During the six months ended 30 June 2026, 18,032,833 2024 Share Scheme share options were exercised, with exercise price of
              HKD0.7.

     (b)      Following approval by the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on 23 April 2026, the final and special
              dividends for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounting to HKD952.1 million (equivalent to RMB834.5 million) were declared.
              The payment date for such dividends was 26 June 2026. During the six-month period ended 30 June 2026, HKD632.3 million
              (equivalent to RMB553.4 million) was paid.


21   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

     The total expenses recognized in the interim condensed consolidated income statement for share-based
     awards granted to the Group’s employees are RMB90,097,000 for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (2025:
     RMB58,764,000).




                                                                        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026                       95
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




21   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     (a)    Share options granted to employees under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and
            the 2024 Share Scheme

           Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

            The exercise price of the granted options to employees is USD0.0014. The options have graded
            vesting terms determined in the grant letter, on the condition that employees remain in service without
            any performance requirements. The vesting dates are determined by the Company and grantees for
            each option agreement. The granted options have a contractual option term of ten years. The Group
            has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.

           2024 Share Scheme

            On 9 May 2024, the Company conditionally proposed the adoption of the 2024 Share Scheme and
            the 2024 Share Scheme was approved by the Shareholders in general meeting. Upon the approval of
            adoption of the 2024 Share Scheme, the Company granted 250,000,000 share options on 27 June
            2024.

            The directors have used a Binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of the share
            options as at the grant date. Key assumptions are required to be determined by the directors using
            their best estimates. Average fair value per option is HKD0.2624 and exercise price of the granted
            options to employees is HKD0.70. The options have graded vesting terms determined in the grant
            letter, on the condition that employees remain in service without any performance requirements. The
            vesting dates are determined by the Company and grantees for each option agreement. The granted
            options have a contractual option term of seven or ten years.

            On March 25, 2025, the Company announced the granting of 151,163,921 share options to employees
            under the 2024 Share Scheme, which had been approved by the Shareholders in general meeting
            held on May 13, 2025. The directors have used a Binomial option pricing model to determine the fair
            value of the share options as at the grant date. Key assumptions are required to be determined by the
            directors using their best estimates. Average fair value per option is HKD1.0986 and exercise price of
            the granted options to employees is HKD1.694. Provided that the performance target set forth in the
            grant letter is achieved, all the Share Options granted shall vest in five equal installments on each of
            the first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date of the grant.

            Movements in the number of share options granted to employees outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                      2026               2025


             Outstanding as at 1 January                                        373,214,580           485,100,848
             Granted during the period                                                    –           151,163,921
             Exercised during the period                                        (18,032,833)         (251,300,189)


             Outstanding as at 30 June                                          355,181,747          384,964,580


             Exercisable as at 30 June                                            79,017,826          46,300,659




96         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




21   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     (b)   Restricted shares units (“RSUs”) granted to employees under the First and Second
           Share Award Schemes and the 2024 Share Scheme

           The First and Second Share Award Schemes

           Starting from 2018, the Group granted RSUs to the Group’s employees under the First and Second
           Share Award Schemes. The RSUs granted would vest on specific dates, or in equal tranches from
           the grant date over two to four years, on condition that employees remain in service without any
           performance requirements. Once the vesting conditions underlying the respective RSUs are met, the
           RSUs are considered duly and validly issued to the holder, and free of restrictions on transfer.

           2024 Share Scheme

           On 12 May 2026, the Group announced the granting of 22,700,000 share awards to the Group’s
           employees under the 2024 Share Scheme, which had been approved by the Shareholders in general
           meeting. Of these awards, 19,000,000 are equity-settled RSUs, and the remaining awards are
           cash-settled share-appreciation rights (“SAR”s).

           Movements in the number of RSUs granted to the Group’s employees and the respective weighted-
           average grant date fair value are as follows:

                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                Number of          average fair
                                                                                   RSUs          value per RSU
                                                                                                         (HKD)


            Outstanding as at 1 January 2026                                   225,575,945            HKD 2.11
            Granted during the period                                           19,000,000            HKD 1.85
            Forfeited during the period                                           (600,000)           HKD 2.09


            Outstanding as at 30 June 2026                                     243,975,945            HKD 2.07


            Vested as at 30 June 2026                                          267,447,334            HKD 2.09


            Outstanding as at 1 January 2025                                    43,496,286            HKD 2.10
            Granted during the period                                          217,115,947            HKD 2.09
            Vested and sold during the period                                  (30,000,000)           HKD 2.44
            Forfeited during the period                                          (2,385,828)          HKD 0.94


            Outstanding as at 30 June 2025                                     228,226,405            HKD 2.06


            Vested as at 30 June 2025                                          257,396,874            HKD 2.27


           The fair value of RSUs is determined based on the closing price of the Group’s publicly traded ordinary
           shares on the date of grant.




                                                         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           97
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




21   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

     (c)    Expected Retention Rate

            The Group has to estimate the expected yearly percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group
            at the end of the vesting periods of the share options and RSUs (the “Expected Retention Rate”)
            in order to determine the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to the interim
            condensed consolidated income statement. As at 30 June 2026, the Expected Retention Rate for the
            Group’s directors, senior management members, and other employees were assessed to be 99%,
            99% and 98%, respectively (31 December 2025: 98%, 98% and 97%).

22   TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                         As at          As at
                                                                                      30 June    31 December
                                                                                         2026           2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                    Unaudited         Audited


      Trade payables                                                                  596,936         823,653


     An aging analysis of trade payables based on transaction date is as follows:

                                                                                         As at          As at
                                                                                      30 June    31 December
                                                                                         2026           2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                    Unaudited         Audited


      Up to 3 months                                                                  596,548         823,277
      3 to 6 months                                                                        54             106
      6 months to 1 year                                                                  118              27
      Over 1 year                                                                         216             243


                                                                                      596,936         823,653




98         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




23   RISK ASSURANCE LIABILITIES

     A summary of the Group’s risk assurance liabilities movement for the 6 months ended 30 June 2026 and
     2025 is presented below:

                                                                                    2026                   2025
                                                                                 RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                Unaudited              Unaudited


      As at 1 January                                                            3,079,976             2,339,355
      Addition arising from new business                                         1,278,114             1,390,434
      ECL                                                                          570,531               365,067
      Income from guarantee services and related value-added tax                (1,207,594)             (993,579)
      Payouts during the period, net                                              (850,950)             (471,361)


      As at 30 June                                                              2,870,077             2,629,916


24   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                     As at                  As at
                                                                                  30 June            31 December
                                                                                     2026                   2025
                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                Unaudited                 Audited


      Dividends payable                                                            278,266                   560
      Accrued expenses                                                             172,545               178,655
      Deposits payable                                                             129,726               125,357
      Staff costs and welfare accruals                                             121,137               144,525
      Deferred other income – current                                               74,469                76,529
      Taxes payable                                                                 62,312                67,453
      Advances from customers                                                       33,776                39,954
      Others                                                                        96,389               105,458


                                                                                   968,620               738,491


     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of the Group’s other payables and
     accruals, excluding advances from customers, staff costs and welfare accruals, taxes payable, deferred other
     income and other accruals, approximate their fair values at each of the reporting date.




                                                         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026            99
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




25    BORROWINGS

                                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                               30 June         31 December
                                                                                  2026                2025
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                             Unaudited              Audited


       Included in non-current liabilities:
       Unsecured borrowings                                                   7,884,488           6,241,812
       Asset-backed securitization debt                                       5,946,155           5,853,224
       Other secured borrowings                                               2,277,422           2,061,156
       Pledge borrowings                                                        211,068             300,428


                                                                             16,319,133         14,456,620


       Included in current liabilities:
       Unsecured borrowings                                                   6,211,566           6,452,814
       Asset-backed securitization debt                                       6,015,912           5,843,270
       Other secured borrowings                                               3,717,174           4,244,724
       Pledge borrowings                                                        108,765             282,171


                                                                             16,053,417         16,822,979


       Total borrowings                                                      32,372,550         31,279,599


      The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                  As at               As at
                                                                               30 June         31 December
                                                                                  2026                2025
                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                             Unaudited              Audited


       Within 1 year                                                         16,053,417         16,822,979
       Between 1 and 2 years                                                 10,905,414          8,905,215
       Between 2 and 5 years                                                  5,259,854          5,540,157
       Over 5 years                                                             153,865             11,248


                                                                             32,372,550         31,279,599


      As at 30 June 2026, the applicable interest rates per annum on long-term borrowings range from 2.00% to
      6.31% (2025: 2.13% to 6.31%).

      As at 30 June 2026, the applicable interest rates per annum on short-term borrowings range from 0.6% to
      5.38% (2025: 0.6% to 4.98%).

      As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of borrowings are primarily denominated
      in RMB and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.




100        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




26   DEFERRED INCOME TAXES

     The movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the period, without taking into
     consideration the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:

                                                                         Withholding
                                                                           tax on the
                                                                             earnings
                                                           Fair value       expected
                                                              gain on           to be
                                                            financial     remitted by
      Gross deferred income tax liabilities                    assets    subsidiaries       Others         Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                           Unaudited       Unaudited     Unaudited     Unaudited


      As at 1 January 2026                                    (22,401)        (73,515)        (425)      (96,341)
      Credited to interim condensed consolidated income
        statement                                               9,411         34,250            45        43,706
      Currency translation difference                               –          1,870             –         1,870


      As at 30 June 2026                                      (12,990)        (37,395)        (380)      (50,765)


      As at 1 January 2025                                    (54,434)        (79,882)         (516)    (134,832)
      Credited/(Charged) to interim condensed
        consolidated income statement                           2,999          (6,902)          46        (3,857)
      Currency translation difference                               –             355            –           355


      As at 30 June 2025                                      (51,435)        (86,429)         (470)    (138,334)




                                                          YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026         101
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




26    DEFERRED INCOME TAXES (Continued)

                                                    Provision
                                                for expected    Provision for
                                                credit losses    impairment
                                                   of finance        of trade
      Gross deferred income tax assets           receivables     receivables    Tax losses       Others        Total
                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                   Unaudited      Unaudited     Unaudited     Unaudited    Unaudited


      As at 1 January 2026                           332,182          33,276        47,144      283,988      696,590
      Credited/(Charged) to interim condensed
        consolidated income statement                118,279            (108)        6,451      105,992      230,614
      Currency translation difference                   (131)              –        (1,421)          (1)      (1,553)


      As at 30 June 2026                             450,330          33,168        52,174      389,979      925,651


      As at 1 January 2025                           240,342          21,101        49,275      235,945      546,663
      Credited/(Charged) to interim condensed
        consolidated income statement                 74,983           2,420       (14,071)      24,538       87,870
      Currency translation difference                     90               –           337            3          430


      As at 30 June 2025                             315,415          23,521        35,541      260,486      634,963




102       YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
      NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




26   DEFERRED INCOME TAXES (Continued)

     The above deferred income tax assets and liabilities disclosed separately on the interim condensed
     consolidated balance sheet based on different taxation authorities as follows:

                                                                               As at                   As at
                                                                            30 June             31 December
                                                                               2026                    2025
                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                          Unaudited                  Audited


      Gross deferred income tax assets
      – To be recovered within 12 months                                     925,651                696,590
      Set-off of deferred income tax assets                                  (12,990)               (16,354)


      Net deferred income tax assets                                         912,661                680,236


      Gross deferred income tax liabilities
      – To be recovered after 12 months                                       (50,674)               (96,250)
      – To be recovered within 12 months                                          (91)                    (91)


                                                                              (50,765)               (96,341)


      Set-off of deferred income tax liabilities                               12,990                16,354


      Net deferred income tax liabilities                                     (37,775)               (79,987)




                                                    YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026           103
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




27    OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                              As at                     As at
                                                                                                           30 June               31 December
                                                                                                              2026                      2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                         Unaudited                    Audited


        Deferred other income (a)                                                                            690,889                    745,760
        Long-term deposits payable                                                                            13,625                     13,945


                                                                                                             704,514                    759,705


      Note:

      (a)      On 13 June 2018, the Company and Yusheng entered into the convertible note purchase agreement, the Business Cooperation
               Agreement (“BCA”) and the framework agreement in relation to the Company’s investment in Yusheng by way of subscription of the
               convertible bond. The Company agreed to provide certain cooperation services to Yusheng and/or its affiliates pursuant to the BCA
               for a term of 20 years. The BCA includes (i) providing certain traffic support in relation to the used automobile transaction business
               (“Used Automobile Transaction Business”); (ii) providing certain automobile database related services; and (iii) the Group shall
               not engage in, invest in, own, manage, operate or provide assistance to businesses that may compete with the Used Automobile
               Transaction Business during predetermined terms. Deferred revenue was initially recognized at fair value of the services in the BCA
               included in “Other payables and accruals” and “Other non-current liabilities” on the interim condensed consolidated balance sheet.
               Other income from business cooperation arrangements with Yusheng was recognized over time within the term of BCA included in
               “Other income and other gains, net” on the interim condensed consolidated income statements. During six months ended 30 June
               2026, other income of approximately RMB31,690,000 (2025: RMB33,026,000) was recognized.




104           YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
       NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




28   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties. In the
     opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the normal course
     of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)   Significant transactions with related parties

           In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions were
           carried out with related parties (all amounts are presented net of value-added taxes):

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                        2026             2025
                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                    Unaudited       Unaudited


             (i) Purchases of data services and traffic support
                 services from related parties
                 – Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Company Limited                     1,892            2,483


             (ii) Purchases of used car valuation services in
                  accordance with used auto services agreements
                  – Bitauto Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries
                    (“Bitauto Group”)                                                   15,817           16,141


             (iii) Purchases of advertising and other services from
                   related parties
                   – Shanghai Shenlin Precision Advertising Co., Ltd. and
                     its subsidiary                                                      8,726           22,745


             (iv) Provision of technical support services to a
                  related party
                  – Bitauto Group                                                        5,952            8,086




                                                            YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026       105
NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION




28    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (b)    Period end balances with related parties

                                                                                                      As at                   As at
                                                                                                   30 June             31 December
                                                                                                      2026                    2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                 Unaudited                  Audited


               (i) Trade and other payables due to related parties
                   – Bitauto Group                                                                      9,703                  17,328


      (c)    Loans to related parties

                                                                                                      As at                   As at
                                                                                                   30 June             31 December
                                                                                                      2026                    2025
                                                                                                  RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                 Unaudited                  Audited


               – M STAR INNOVATION, S.A. DE C.V. (a)                                                 659,840                  594,746
               – Shanghai Shenlin Precision Advertising Co., Ltd.
                 and its subsidiary                                                                     5,720                    5,720


                                                                                                     665,560                  600,466


             Note:

             (a)     The terms of the loans to M STAR are within one year. As at 30 June 2026, the applicable interest rates on loans to M
                     STAR are 6.15% to 10.18% per annum.


29    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      Except as disclosed elsewhere in this report, there are no other material subsequent events undertaken by
      the Company or the Group after 30 June 2026.




106         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                              DEFINITIONS


“2024 Director Conditional Grant      the proposed conditional grant of 117,000,000 Share Options to Mr. Andy
  to Mr. Zhang”                       Xuan Zhang under the 2024 Share Scheme as detailed in the circular of the
                                      Company dated June 11, 2024

“2024 Share Scheme”                   the share scheme of the Company approved by the Shareholders at
                                      the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on June 27, 2024, a
                                      summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Appendix I to the
                                      circular of the Company dated June 11, 2024

“2024 Share Scheme Listing            the approval granted by the Listing Committee for the listing of, and
  Approval”                           permission to deal in the Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the
                                      share options and share awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme on
                                      July 9, 2024

“2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao” the proposed conditional grant of 25,800,000 Share Options and
                                    17,200,000 share awards to Mr. Zhi Gao under the 2024 Share Scheme as
                                    detailed in the circular of the Company dated April 17, 2025

“2025 Director Conditional Grant to   the proposed conditional grant of 101,363,921 Share Options and
  Mr. Zhang”                          67,575,947 share awards to Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang under the 2024 Share
                                      Scheme as detailed in the circular of the Company dated April 17, 2025

“affiliate(s)”                        any company that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is
                                      under common control of the company in question, provided that control
                                      shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
                                      cause the direction of the management of a company, whether through the
                                      ownership of voting securities, by contract, credit arrangement or proxy, as
                                      trustee, executor, agent or otherwise, and accordingly, for the purpose of
                                      the definition of affiliate(s), a company shall be deemed to control another
                                      company if such first company, directly or indirectly, owns or holds more
                                      than 50% of the voting equity securities in such other company, and terms
                                      deriving from control, such as “controlling” and “controlled”, shall have a
                                      meaning corollary to that of control

“AI”                                  artificial intelligence

“Articles of Association”             the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to time

“associate(s)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”                     the audit committee of the Company

“Beijing Xulu”                        Beijing Xulu Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京序祿信息科技有限公司),
                                      formerly known as Beijing Yixin Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京易
                                      鑫信息科技有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC on
                                      January 9, 2015 and the Consolidated Affiliated Entity

“Board”                               the board of Directors

“CCASS”                               the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by
                                      Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited




                                                                YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026   107
DEFINITIONS




“Certain Qualification                  a number of stringent performance and operational experience
  Requirements”                         requirements, including demonstrating good track records and experience
                                        in operating value-added telecommunications business overseas

“CG Code”                               the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing
                                        Rules

“China” or “PRC”                        the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                                        only for the purpose of this interim report, excludes Hong Kong, the Macau
                                        Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan

“Company”, “our Company”, or            Yixin Group Limited 易鑫集团有限公司, an exempted company with limited
  “Yixin”                               liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on November
                                        19, 2014 and carries on business in Hong Kong as Yixin Automotive
                                        Technology Group Limited, the Shares of which are listed on the Main
                                        Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2858)

“Company’s Securities Dealing           the Company’s own code of conduct for securities transactions regarding
  Code”                                 the Directors’ and relevant employees’ dealings in the securities of the
                                        Company on terms no less exacting than those set out in the Model Code

“Consolidated Affiliated Entity”        the entity that the company controls through the New Contractual
                                        Arrangements, namely Beijing Xulu

“Controlling Shareholder(s)”            has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, in the context
                                        of this interim report, refers to Tencent and Morespark and each of them
                                        shall be referred to as a Controlling Shareholder

“CSRC”                                  the China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Director(s)”                           the director(s) of the Company

“Eligible Participant(s)”               an eligible participant under the 2024 Share Scheme, which may be an
                                        Employee Participant or a Related Entity Participant

“Eligible Person(s)”                    any individual, being an employee, director (including executive Directors,
                                        non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors), officer,
                                        consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent,
                                        business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of
                                        any member of the Group or any affiliate who the Board or its delegate(s)
                                        considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the
                                        Group

“Employee Participant(s)”               any person who is an employee (whether full-time or part-time), director
                                        or officer of any member of the Group, including persons who are granted
                                        awards under the 2024 Share Scheme as an inducement to enter into
                                        employment contracts with any member of the Group; provided that a
                                        person shall not cease to be an employee in the case of (a) any leave of
                                        absence approved by the relevant member of the Group; or (b) any transfer
                                        of employment among members of the Group or any successor, and
                                        provided further that a person shall, for the avoidance of doubt, cease to
                                        be an employee with effect from (and including) the date of termination of
                                        his/her employment


108         YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                            DEFINITIONS




“FinTech”                        financial technology

“First Share Award Scheme”       the share award scheme of the Company, which was adopted on May
                                 26, 2017 and amended on September 1, 2017 and May 6, 2021 and
                                 terminated on July 9, 2024, further details of which are disclosed in the
                                 section headed “Statutory and General Information – Pre-IPO Share Option
                                 and Share Award Schemes – First Share Award Scheme” in Appendix IV to
                                 the Prospectus and in the circular of the Company dated June 11, 2024

“FITE Regulations”               the Provisions on Administration of Foreign Invested Telecommunications
                                 Enterprises (《外商投資電信企業管理規定》) promulgated by the State
                                 Council on December 11, 2001 and amended on September 10, 2008
                                 and February 6, 2016, which stipulates that the ultimate foreign equity
                                 ownership in a value-added telecommunications services provider shall not
                                 exceed 50%, except for online data processing and transaction processing
                                 businesses (operating e-commerce business) which may be 100% owned
                                 by foreign investors

“GPS”                            global positioning system

“Group”, “our Group”, “Yixin     the Company, its subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entity (the
  Group”, “we”, “us”, or “our”   financial results of which have been consolidated and accounted for as a
                                 subsidiary of our Company by virtue of the New Contractual Arrangements)
                                 from time to time

“Hong Kong”                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong dollars” or “HK$”     Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“IFRSs”                          International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                                 the International Accounting Standards Board

“IPO”                            initial public offering of the Shares on the Main Board

“Listing Committee”              the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                   November 16, 2017, being the date the Shares were listed on the Stock
                                 Exchange

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                 Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)

“Main Board”                     the stock exchange (excluding the options market) operated by the Stock
                                 Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM
                                 of the Stock Exchange




                                                     YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026       109
DEFINITIONS




“Measures”                             the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (       ) issued by the
                                                                            《網絡安全審查辦法》
                                       Cyberspace Administration of China

“MIIT”                                 the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC

“Model Code”                           the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                       set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules

“Morespark”                            Morespark Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under
                                       the laws of Hong Kong and wholly-owned by Tencent, and a Controlling
                                       Shareholder

“NEV”                                  new energy vehicle

“New Contractual Arrangements”         the series of contractual arrangements entered into by, among others,
                                       Tianjin Kars, the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and its shareholders, details
                                       of which are described in the section headed “Qualification Requirements”
                                       under “Other Information”

“OEM(s)”                               the original equipment manufacturer(s)

“PRC Legal Advisor”                    Han Kun Law Offices, the PRC legal adviser to the Company

“Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”          the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by our Company on May 26,
                                       2017, and amended on September 1, 2017, the principal terms of which
                                       are set out in the section headed “Statutory and General Information –
                                       Pre-IPO Share Option and Share Award Schemes – Pre-IPO Share Option
                                       Scheme” of the Prospectus

“Prospectus”                           the prospectus of the Company dated November 6, 2017

“Related Entity”                       (i) a holding company of the Company; (ii) subsidiaries of the holding
                                       company of the Company other than members of the Group; or (iii) an
                                       associated company of the Company

“Related Entity Participant(s)”        any person who is an employee (whether full-time or part-time), director or
                                       officer of a Related Entity

“Remuneration Committee”               the remuneration committee of the Company

“Reporting Period”                     the six months ended June 30, 2026

“RMB”                                  Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SaaS”                                 software as a service

“Scheme Administrator”                 the Board and/or any committee of the Board or other persons to whom
                                       the Board has delegated its authority in accordance with the rules of the
                                       2024 Share Scheme




110        YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
                                                                                              DEFINITIONS




“Second Share Award Scheme”        the share award scheme conditionally approved and adopted by our
                                   Company on September 1, 2017 and effective from the Listing Date, the
                                   principal terms of which are set out in the section headed “Statutory and
                                   General Information – Pre-IPO Share Option and Share Award Schemes” of
                                   the Prospectus

“SFO”                              the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                   Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share(s)”                         ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a par value of
                                   US$0.0001 each

“Share Option”                     an award granted in the form of share option under the 2024 Share
                                   Scheme by the Board to the grantee(s), which vests in the form of the right
                                   to subscribe for such number of Shares as the Scheme Administrator may
                                   determine during the exercise period at the exercise price in accordance
                                   with the terms of the 2024 Share Scheme

“Shareholder(s)”                   holder(s) of Share(s) from time to time

“State Council”                    the State Council of the PRC

“Stock Exchange” or “Hong Kong     The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Stock Exchange”

“subsidiary(ies)”                  has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Substantial Shareholder”          has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Tencent”                          Tencent Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
                                   and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 700),
                                   and a Controlling Shareholder

“Tianjin Kars”                     Tianjin Kars Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (天津卡爾斯信息科技有限
                                   公司), a wholly foreign-owned enterprise established under the laws of the
                                   PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“United States”                    the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                   subject to its jurisdiction

“United States dollars” or “US$”   United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“VIN”                              vehicle identification number

“Yiche Holding”                    Yiche Holding Limited, an exempted company with limited liability
                                   incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, which is owned as to
                                   75.54% by Morespark




                                                       YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026        111
DEFINITIONS




“Yixin HK”                                            Yixin Holding Hong Kong Limited (易鑫集团香港有限公司), a company
                                                      incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong on November 27, 2014 and a
                                                      direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Yusheng”                                             Yusheng Holdings Limited, an exempted company with limited liability
                                                      incorporated in the Cayman Islands

“%”                                                   per cent

* for identification purposes only

The English names of the PRC entities, PRC laws or regulations, and the PRC governmental authorities referred to in this interim report are
translations from their Chinese names and are for identification purposes. If there is any inconsistency, the Chinese names shall prevail.

Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this interim report have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures shown as
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures preceding them and figures rounded to the nearest thousand, million or
billion may not be identical to figures that have been rounded differently to them.

Past Performance and Forward Looking Statements

The operating and financial performance information of the Group set out in this interim report is historical in nature, and past performance should
not be taken as an indication of the future results of the Group. This interim report may contain forward-looking statements and opinions, including
statements regarding plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and other statements that are not historical facts, and
therefore involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements and opinions. Subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations, the Directors assume (a) no obligation to correct, update or supplement
the forward-looking statements or opinions contained in this interim report; and (b) no liability in the event that any of the forward-looking statements
or opinions do not materialise or turn out to be incorrect. Investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.




112              YIXIN GROUP LIMITED | INTERIM REPORT 2026
www.yixincars.com



2026
INTERIM   REPORT




                    The image on this cover was generated by artificial
                    intelligence using text-to-image prompting
