                               ANNUAL REPORT
                                   2025
The image on this cover was generated by artificial intelligence using text-to-image prompting.
www.yixincars.com
CONTENTS
Corporate Information                              2

Chairman’s Statement                               4

Management Discussion and Analysis                 7

Directors and Senior Management                   37

Report of the Directors                           42

Corporate Governance Report                       88

Independent Auditor’s Report                     112

Consolidated Income Statement                    120

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   121

Consolidated Balance Sheet                       122

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      124

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             126

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   127

Five-Year Financial Summary                      224

Definitions                                      225
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

Executive Directors                           Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman)
                                              Mr. Dong Jiang
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman and              (resigned on March 5, 2026)
 Chief Executive Officer)                     Mr. Xiaoguang Yang
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang (Vice Chairman)     Mr. Zhi Gao
Mr. Dong Jiang (Joint President)               (appointed on March 5, 2026)
 (resigned on March 5, 2026)
Mr. Zhi Gao (President)                       COMPANY SECRETARY
 (appointed on March 5, 2026)
                                              Mr. Man Wah Cheng
Non-executive Director
                                              AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Wai Yip Tsang
                                              Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang
Independent Non-executive Directors           Mr. Man Wah Cheng

Mr. Tin Fan Yuen                              AUDITOR
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok
Ms. Lily Li Dong                              PricewaterhouseCoopers
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim                        Certified Public Accountants and
                                                Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
AUDIT COMMITTEE                               22/F, Prince’s Building
                                              Central, Hong Kong
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok (Chairman)
Mr. Tin Fan Yuen                              LEGAL ADVISERS
Ms. Lily Li Dong
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim                        As to PRC law:
                                              Han Kun Law Offices
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                        9/F, Office Tower
                                              C1 Oriental Plaza
Mr. Tin Fan Yuen (Chairman)                   No.1 East Chang An Avenue
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang                           Beijing, PRC
Ms. Lily Li Dong
                                              As to Cayman Islands law:
NOMINATION COMMITTEE                          Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP
                                              26th Floor, Central Plaza
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman)                18 Harbour Road
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok                       Wanchai, Hong Kong
Ms. Lily Li Dong
                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND
GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE                          PO Box 309, Ugland House
                                              Grand Cayman, KY1-1104
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman)                Cayman Islands
Mr. Dong Jiang
 (resigned on March 5, 2026)                  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Mr. Xiaoguang Yang                            IN HONG KONG
Mr. Zhi Gao
 (appointed on March 5, 2026)                 Suite 709, Champion Tower
                                              Three Garden Road
                                              Central, Hong Kong


2    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                    CORPORATE INFORMATION




HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
OF BUSINESS IN CHINA

Yixin Building
1 North, Zhongguancun Hongqiao Innovation Center
365 Linhong Road, Changning District
Shanghai, China

CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited
PO Box 1093, Boundary Hall
Cricket Square
Grand Cayman, KY1-1102
Cayman Islands

HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
17M Floor, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East
Wanchai, Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL BANKER

Bank of China
Bank of Communications
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Postal Savings Bank of China

COMPANY WEBSITE

www.yixincars.com

STOCK CODE

2858




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   3
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Yixin Group Limited (易鑫集团有限公司), I am delighted to present the annual report of the
Group for the Reporting Period.

Amid an increasingly complex global and domestic landscape in 2025, China’s economy demonstrated remarkable
resilience while navigating significant pressures. Macroeconomic policies were effectively coordinated to balance
growth stabilization, structural optimization, and risk mitigation. Driven by the dual engines of consumption and
exports, alongside accelerated momentum in new quality productive forces, the economy maintained overall
stability. According to official data from the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the gross domestic product
(GDP) of the PRC increased by approximately 5.0% year-on-year in 2025. At the year-end Central Economic Work
Conference, policymakers outlined the policy direction for 2026, advocating for more proactive fiscal measures and
prudent accommodative monetary policy, while reiterating the strategic priority of boosting domestic consumption to
underpin sustained economic growth.

Propelled by the deepening integration of electrification and intelligent technologies, China’s automotive industry is
advancing into a new developmental phase. In 2025, the “trade-in” policy solidified its impact, transitioning from a
short-term stimulus to a key mechanism driving structural industry adjustment. Replacement demand has emerged
as a critical pillar of the new car market, accelerating consumption upgrades toward NEVs and higher-quality
products. While the used car market faced pressure from intensified competition in the new car segment and price
volatility, it is undergoing a transformation from a transaction-driven model toward a service-driven paradigm,
supported by faster inventory turnover, digitalized operations and enhanced service capabilities. According to
data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers and the China Automobile Dealers Association,
total passenger vehicle sales in China (including both new and used vehicles) increased by approximately 6.0%
year-on-year in 2025.

On the global front, China’s automotive exports maintained strong growth momentum, further strengthening
the global presence of Chinese automotive brands. In 2025, China exported approximately 7.1 million
vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of about 21.1%. Alongside the growth in export volume, the
industry’s globalization model is evolving from a single focus on vehicle exports toward a more comprehensive
output encompassing technology, services and standards, laying a more solid foundation for the long-term
internationalization of China’s automotive industry.

In 2025, Yixin Group adhered to a prudent yet proactive operating philosophy and continued to strengthen its core
capabilities. During the Reporting Period, the Group facilitated a total of approximately 844 thousand automotive
financing transactions (including both new and used vehicles), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
16.2%. Total financing amount reached approximately RMB75.1 billion, representing a year-on-year growth
of approximately 8.7%. The scale of used car financing continued to expand, with financing amount reaching
approximately RMB42.1 billion, accounting for about 56% of the Group’s total automotive financing amount.

The Group recorded total revenue of approximately RMB11.56 billion and adjusted net profit of approximately
RMB1.43 billion for the Reporting Period. As of December 31, 2025, the automotive financial assets under the
Group’s management amounted to approximately RMB125.83 billion. Asset quality remained sound, with the 90+
days past due ratio at 1.89%.




4     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




In terms of funding, the Group continued to pursue a diversified financing strategy, further optimizing its funding
structure and reducing funding costs. The senior tranche of the asset-backed securities (ABS) issued by the Group
in October 2025 was priced at a coupon rate as low as around 2.13%. In June 2025, the Group successfully
completed its first dual-tranche, revolving, sustainability-linked syndicated loan in China. In July 2025, the Group
also issued its inaugural U.S. dollar-denominated credit bond as well as its first green medium-term notes, strictly
adhering to green finance standards and receiving strong investor interest. These initiatives not only enhanced the
diversity and robustness of the Group’s funding structure but also underscored its strong financial management
capabilities amid a complex market environment.

As one of the Group’s key strategic priorities, the FinTech (SaaS) business maintained rapid growth during the
Reporting Period. Financing amount facilitated through the FinTech platform reached approximately RMB40.3 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of about 91.1%. The platform accelerated product iteration and ecosystem
scaling, further enhancing service coverage and market presence. FinTech revenue surged to approximately
RMB4.50 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 150%. The FinTech platform continued to
expand its diversified network of financial partners, establishing cooperation with over 70 financial institutions as
at December 31, 2025. Looking ahead, the Group remains committed to FinTech as a strategic pillar, focusing on
optimizing system performance and user experience while scaling institutional partnerships to expand its market
footprint and cement its industry leadership.

The Group further intensified its investment in cutting-edge artificial intelligence technologies, accelerating the
deployment of proprietary vertical large models across core business domains including customer acquisition,
risk control, asset recovery, customer services, etc. In November 2025, we officially launched XinMM-AM1,
the first agentic large model in the automotive finance industry. While technological breakthroughs provide the
foundation, sustainable differentiation stems from deep integration and scalable application. This strategic focus
was underscored at the 2025 WIC Wuzhen Summit, where Yixin won the ‘Light of Brilliance Scenario’ Award and
the First Prize in the ‘Open Source Model Application Competition’. These accolades recognize Yixin’s innovation
in implementing full-link AI solutions and solidify our leadership in the ‘AI + Auto Finance’ sector. Furthermore, the
Group’s inclusion in the newly established “HKEX Tech 100 Index” in late 2025, serves as a powerful testament to
the capital market’s validation of our technological prowess. Going forward, we will continue to embed AI into our
operational workflows, forming end-to-end intelligent decision-making loops across core business processes.

Guided by our philosophy of “Value Reimagined, Responsibility First”, the Group regards sustainable development
as a cornerstone of long-term value creation. In 2025, the Group continued to advance its practices in green
finance and inclusive finance. The green financing initiatives completed by the Group during the Reporting Period
included the sustainability-linked syndicated loan and the green medium-term notes as mentioned above. In terms
of inclusive finance, the Group actively responded to national initiatives encouraging financial technology to serve
the real economy, such as the Notice of the State Council on Issuing the Plan for Advancing the Development
of Inclusive Finance (2016-2020) and the Implementation Opinions of the State Council on Promoting the High-
Quality Development of Inclusive Finance. Through deeper penetration into agricultural and pastoral regions and
frontline production scenarios, customers from ethnic minority groups now account for over 10% of the Group’s
customer base. At the same time, the Group closely tracked advancements in artificial intelligence and promoted the
integration of technological application with social responsibility. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to enhance
its ESG governance framework, deepen its practices in green finance, inclusive finance and responsible technology,
and contribute to high-quality industry development and sustainable social progress while achieving steady growth.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   5
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




Looking ahead to 2026, the continued implementation of consumption-stimulating policies, the further refinement
of the trade-in mechanism, and deeper breakthroughs in electrification and intelligent technologies are expected to
accelerate the automotive value chain’s transition toward high-quality development. Meanwhile, under an industry
backdrop emphasizing compliance and stable growth, consolidation within the automotive finance sector is expected
to continue. Leading players’ strengths in customer networks, funding access and risk management are likely to
translate into sustainable competitive advantages. Leveraging its strong foundation in technological innovation and
ecosystem development, Yixin Group is well positioned to seize growth opportunities while safeguarding asset
quality, thereby driving steady expansion in both business scale and market share.

Beyond this, in 2026, we will devote even greater resources to our global expansion. Following a period of dedicated
cultivation, we have established a solid foothold in Southeast Asia – specifically in Singapore and Malaysia –
where we have rapidly emerged as a top-three player among local independent used-car finance providers in both
markets. Moving forward, by deeply integrating local market demands and evaluating the competitive landscape, we
will leverage a ‘Finance + Tech’ dual-driven model to accelerate our overseas expansion.

The Board is pleased to recommend the declaration of a final dividend to reward Shareholders for their continued
support. The Board proposes a final dividend of HK10.0 cents per share, representing approximately 50.0% of our
net profit per Share for the Reporting Period. In addition, the Board proposes the declaration of a special dividend
of HK4.0 cents per share, representing approximately 20.0% of our net profit per Share for the Reporting Period,
in appreciation of shareholders’ longstanding support since the Company’s listing. The proposed final and special
dividends are subject to approval by Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting. It is expected that the
final and special dividends will be payable on Friday, June 26, 2026 to shareholders whose names appear on the
register of members of the Company on Tuesday, May 26, 2026 (ex-dividend date: Monday, May 18, 2026).

Finally, on behalf of the Group, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our customers and business partners,
and extend my heartfelt appreciation to our dedicated employees and management team for their commitment
and contributions. I would also like to thank our Shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued trust and
support.




                                                                                                Andy Xuan Zhang
                                                                                             Chairman of the Board
                                                                                                       Hong Kong
                                                                                                    March 5, 2026




6     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

In 2025, against a backdrop of persistent geopolitical volatility and mounting domestic pressures, China’s economy
maintained overall stability and exhibited the characteristics of “steady progress, structural divergence and
deepening transformation.” According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the PRC’s gross domestic
product (GDP) grew by approximately 5.0% year-on-year for 2025. This growth reflected the direct impact of
coordinated macro policy support, and also indicated a gradual strengthening of endogenous growth momentum
driven by the recovery of domestic demand and the development of new quality productive forces.

While real activity continued to expand, price-related pressures remained palpable. Intensified competition in certain
sectors and an uneven recovery in demand kept prices hovering at relatively low levels, suggesting that challenges
persisted in the process of structural rebalancing. Nevertheless, from a structural perspective, China’s growth drivers
continued to improve in 2025. Consumption played a more prominent role in supporting economic growth, with
total retail sales of consumer goods increasing by 3.7% year-on-year, representing a modest acceleration compared
with 2024. Driven by policy tailwind and consumption upgrading, demand for durable goods has been unleashed.
High-ticket categories such as automobiles and home appliances, bolstered by trade-in initiatives, became key
anchors of the consumption recovery.

Regarding investment, fixed asset investment declined by 3.8% year-on-year in 2025, constituting a direct drag on
economic growth. The downturn was marked by a persistent slump in real estate investment, a pivot from growth
to contraction in infrastructure investment, and only tepid gain in manufacturing investment which offered limited
support. Amidst the transition from old to new growth engines, improving the quality and efficiency of investment
remained a strategic imperative.

The trade sector delivered a standout performance in 2025, defying expectations despite the headwinds of
tariff-related frictions. According to data from the General Administration of Customs, China’s trade surplus for the
full year of 2025 approached US$1.2 trillion, setting a new global record. This robust trade performance provided a
significant boost to economic growth.

From a medium- to long-term perspective, China’s economy remained at a critical stage of transformation and
upgrading. Guided by the strategic priority of high-quality development, the country accelerated the development of
a unified national market and strengthened support for technological innovation and new quality productive forces.
Within the durable goods sector, the automotive industry became an important engine for structural improvement of
the macroeconomy. Its growth is underpinned by policy support, resurgent demand, and the ‘three-pillar’ transition
toward electrification, intelligentization and connectivity.

The macroeconomic landscape serves as the fundamental backdrop for both industry development and the Group’s
operations. Policies aimed at stimulating consumption and building a unified national market are expected to provide
sustained support for automotive sales and circulation, acting as an important source for Yixin’s business growth
momentum. At the same time, factors such as strained household balance sheets and subdued long-term income
growth expectations heightened systematic challenges across the credit environment. To mitigate these risks and
safeguard sustainable development, the Group remains committed to achieving higher standards in risk pricing,
asset management, and operational efficiency at this stage. Accordingly, we will continue to deepen the application
of digital technologies and artificial intelligence across the entire business lifecycle, thereby maintaining robust asset
quality and business stability.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   7
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

In 2025, China’s automotive industry exhibited an overall stable performance, characterized by accelerated structural
adjustment and enhanced global influence. Concurrently, competition within the industry remained intense, with
pricing, channel capabilities and service quality exerting a growing impact on transaction conversion and profitability.
Supply and demand continued to undergo dynamic rebalancing. According to data from the China Association of
Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) and the China Automobile Dealers Association (CADA), total passenger vehicle
sales in China (including both new and used vehicles) increased by 6.0% year-on-year during the Reporting Period.

Competition in the new car market has shifted from a reliance on price concessions to a broader value-based
paradigm, with intelligent features and service systems emerging as the primary differentiators. Supported by the
ramp-up of NEV models and policy guidance, demand for new vehicles remained resilient. Meanwhile, product mix
continued to upgrade toward NEVs and mid-to-high-end models. Trade-in initiatives remained effective throughout
the Reporting Period, with replacement demand becoming an important pillar of new car sales, helping to offset
demand-side volatility. In terms of market structure, domestic brands continued to gain market share, supported
by improving product competitiveness and pricing advantages. According to CAAM, new passenger vehicle sales
reached 30.10 million units in 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.2%.

In 2025, the used car market faced overall operating headwinds. Influenced by intensified competition in the new
car market and price fluctuations, the used car market resorted to a “trading price for volume” pattern. Supported
by the deepening of trade-in initiatives and accelerated circulation of existing vehicles, transaction scale remained
broadly stable, reinforcing the used car market’s foundational role within the automotive industry’s circular system.
According to CADA, used passenger vehicle transactions totaled 15.74 million units in 2025, representing a
year-on-year increase of 0.4%. Meanwhile, the surging ownership of NEVs also injected new growth momentum into
the used vehicle market.

NEVs remained the core growth engine of the automotive industry in 2025. According to data from the China
Passenger Car Association (CPCA), retail sales of passenger NEVs reached approximately 12.81 million units,
representing a year-on-year increase of 17.5%, with the penetration rate exceeding 50% for consecutive months.
The rapid development of the NEV industry chain not only promoted structural upgrading of the domestic automotive
market, but also amplified the effectiveness of trade-in programs in optimizing consumption structure.

In the international market, China’s automotive exports continued to expand in 2025, further consolidating its
position in the global automotive industry. During the Reporting Period, according to CAAM, China exported
approximately 7.10 million vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.1%, and retained its title as the
world’s largest auto exporter. Moreover, the export model is gradually evolving from pure vehicle exports toward
comprehensive output encompassing technology, services and business models, laying a solid foundation for the
long-term internationalization of China’s automotive industry.

Automotive finance continued to play an important supporting role for the sector in 2025. In both new and
used vehicle transactions, financial services further enhanced conversion efficiency, improved operational
effectiveness and optimized profit structures. At the same time, automotive finance services are facing increasingly
stringent regulation and compliance requirements, prompting the industry’s transition from a “scale-driven” to a
“quality-driven” development mode.

Adjustments in the structure of automotive transactions and shifts in the competitive landscape of automotive
finance service have exerted a notable impact on Yixin’s business strategy. Coupled with increasingly diversified
customer demand and evolving regulation environment, these trends have created favorable conditions for the
Group to pursue product innovation and capture market share.




8     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




POLICY STIMULUS

In 2025, central and local governments upheld the policy framework of “stabilizing growth, optimizing structure
and mitigating risks,” introducing multi-level and systematic measures to guide the automotive industry toward
stable operation under the dual objectives of high-quality development and consumption promotion. On the one
hand, trade-in initiatives expanded in coverage and intensity. Combined with consumption stimulus programs
at the national level and NEV promotion programs at the county-level, these measures provided more sustained
momentum for auto consumption. On the other hand, auto finance policies, with a focus on inclusiveness and
digitalization, improved the efficiency of financial supply. At the same time, regulatory actions targeting practices
such as “high-interest and high-rebate” accelerated the industry’s return to reasonable pricing and sustainable
competition, promoting the transparency of automotive finance service and laying a more solid foundation for
high-quality development in the automotive market.

Trade-in and other consumption-supportive policies remained among the most influential components of the
auto consumption policy toolkit throughout the Reporting Period. In January 2025, eight ministries, including the
Ministry of Commerce and the National Development and Reform Commission, jointly issued the Notice on the
Implementation of the 2025 Auto Trade-in Program (   《關於做好2025年汽車以舊換新工作的通知》                     ). In the same month,
the general offices of the same eight ministries released the Notice on Launching Pilot Programs for Reforming Auto
Circulation and Consumption (   《關於開展汽車流通消費改革試點工作的通知》                       ). These announcements formally marked
the rollout of trade-in consumption stimulus policies for 2025 and provided funding support under the “Two-New”
policy framework. In September 2025, the Work Plan for Stabilizing Growth in the Automotive Industry (2025-2026)
《汽車行業穩增長工作方案(2025 – 2026年)》
(                                             ) jointly issued by eight ministries including the Ministry of Industry
and Information Technology further clarified measures to boost auto consumption and support vehicle trade-ins.
In addition, policies emphasized cross-year continuity and process efficiency. In December 2025, the National
Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance issued a notice on implementing large-scale
equipment upgrades and consumer goods trade-in policies in 2026 (       《關於2026年實施大規模設備更新和消費品以
舊換新政策的通知》           ), specifying the scope of support, subsidy standards and implementation requirements, and the
continued support for vehicle scrappage and renewal.

Policy incentives for NEVs continued to advance in 2025. In May 2025, five ministries including the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology jointly issued the Notice on Launching the 2025 NEVs Going to the Countryside
Campaign (   《關於開展2025年新能源汽車下鄉活動的通知》                        ), focusing on county-level markets with relatively low
penetration but significant growth potential. In July 2025, the General Office of the National Development and
Reform Commission, the General Office of the National Energy Administration, the General Office of the Ministry
of Industry and Information Technology, and the General Office of the Ministry of Transport jointly issued the
Notice on Promoting the Scientific Planning and Construction of High-Power Charging Infrastructure (    《關於促進
大功率充電設施科學規劃建設的通知》                     ). The notice called for enhanced overall planning of high-power charging
facilities, improvements in the operational efficiency and service life of charging equipment, and encouraged
local governments to provide longer-term leasing arrangements for charging station sites. In November 2025, six
ministries including the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly issued the Implementation Plan on
Enhancing Supply-Demand Matching of Consumer Goods to Further Promote Consumption (             《關於增強消費品供
需適配性進一步促進消費的實施方案》                     ), explicitly encouraging the expansion and iteration of green products and
promoting green and low-carbon consumption in areas such as NEVs.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   9
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Auto finance policies focused on digital transformation and the development of inclusive finance, aiming to activate
new momentum across the automotive consumption value chain. In March 2025, the State Council issued the
Guiding Opinions on Advancing the “Five Key Financial Areas” (         《關於做好金融“五篇大文章”的指導意見》                   ), calling
for the establishment of an inclusive finance system and the development of a digitally driven financial service
infrastructure, while emphasizing high-level financial support for key industries to foster new quality productive
forces. In June 2025, the PBOC, the National Development and Reform Commission and other departments jointly
released the Guiding Opinions on Financial Support for Boosting and Expanding Consumption (            《關於金融支持
提振和擴大消費的指導意見》                 ), calling for increased financial resources to be allocated to key consumption areas
and encouraging financial product innovation to better serve digital and green consumption scenarios. In August
2025, the Ministry of Finance, the PBOC and the National Financial Regulatory Administration jointly issued the
Implementation Plan for the Fiscal Interest Subsidy Policy on Personal Consumption Loans (       《個人消費貸款財政貼
息政策實施方案》          ), which, effective from September 1, 2025, provides fiscal interest subsidies for eligible personal
consumption loans covering key areas, such as household automobiles and electronic products. In December 2025,
the Ministry of Commerce, the PBOC and the National Financial Regulatory Administration jointly issued the Notice
on Strengthening Coordination between Commerce and Finance to Further Boost Consumption (          《關於加強商務和金
融協同更大力度提振消費的通知》                    ), clarifying three major supporting measures for auto finance and allowing financial
institutions to determine loan-to-value ratios, tenors and interest rates based on borrowers’ repayment capacity and
credit profiles.

In addition to supportive measures, central and local governments introduced a series of regulatory initiatives to
promote healthy and sustainable industry development. During May and June 2025, banking associations in multiple
provincial regions, including Shanghai, Zhejiang, Sichuan and Henan, issued self-regulatory conventions such as
Auto Consumer Finance Business Self-Discipline Convention (         《汽車消費金融業務自律公約》                ). Provinces such as
Sichuan and Henan further refined relevant provisions, fully suspending “high-interest and high-rebate” practices
and transitioning toward “low-interest, low-rebate” or “low-interest, zero-rebate” models. In September 2025, the
National Development and Reform Commission and the State Administration for Market Regulation jointly issued
an announcement on addressing disorderly price competition and maintaining sound market price order (        《關於治理
價格無序競爭維護良好市場價格秩序的公告》                          ), stating that authorities would closely monitor pricing competition and
maintain price order in key sectors by enforcing reasonable pricing practices. These regulatory measures not only
supported the healthy development of the automotive industry but also strengthened consumer confidence and
contributed to the sustained stability of the auto market.

These initiatives have provided the Group with a clearer and more stable regulation framework and policy outlook
for business development. Broadly, policies such as vehicle trade-in initiatives, NEV promotion in lower-tier
markets, and interest subsidies are effectively unlocking latent automotive consumption. These measures provide
a sustainable foundation for long-term auto finance demand. Beyond this market-level support, the national focus
on inclusive, digital, and green finance is deeply synergistic with the Group’s strategic pillars in FinTech and NEV
financing. This alignment creates a powerful tailwind for the Group to optimize its business structure and elevate its
service capabilities.

At the same time, regulatory measures targeting practices such as “high-interest, high-rebate” models are conducive
to guiding industry competition back toward rationality, improving the market pricing environment, and reducing
systemic risk exposure. Against this backdrop, the Group is well positioned to continue leveraging its strengths in
risk management, technological innovation, and operational expertise within a more transparent and orderly industry
environment, thereby steadily enhancing business quality and long-term sustainability.




10    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




RISK FACTORS

The Group’s business model, financial position, operating results, and future development prospects are subject to a
variety of risks and uncertainties. Investors should carefully consider these risk factors in conjunction with the other
information contained in this report. While the Group endeavors to mitigate these risks through robust governance,
internal control systems, and strategic planning, certain risks are inherent in the industries and markets in which we
operate and may be beyond our direct control.

1.     Macroeconomic Risks

       Our business is closely linked to the overall health of the macroeconomic environment, particularly in the
       People’s Republic of China (PRC), where the majority of our operations are conducted.

       A prolonged or deteriorating macroeconomic environment, characterized by weakened consumer confidence
       and persistent employment pressures, would adversely affect the creditworthiness and repayment capacity of
       the Group’s customers. Such conditions could lead to a deterioration in asset quality, increased provision for
       impairment losses, and material adverse impacts on the Group’s financial position, results of operations, and
       cash flows.

2.     Financing Environment and Interest Rate Risks

       The Group’s operations require stable and cost-effective funding. The evolving dynamics of the financing
       environment – including shifts in market liquidity, fluctuations in interbank funding costs, and adjustments in
       monetary policy – may impact the Group’s access to capital and increase borrowing costs.

       Furthermore, fluctuations in benchmark interest rates and market lending rates may create interest rate
       mismatches and affect the Group’s net interest margins. Any inability to effectively manage the sensitivity of
       our assets and liabilities to interest rate movements could materially and adversely affect our profitability, the
       fair value of our financial instruments, and our overall liquidity position.

3.     Automotive Industry and Market Competition Risks

       The Group’s auto finance business is highly sensitive to the cyclicality and structural shifts of the automotive
       industry. The phasing out of supportive government policies, such as national subsidies and preferential tax
       treatments for vehicle purchases, may lead to softened demand, thereby reducing the Group’s new loan
       origination volumes.

       Simultaneously, the dynamics of the competitive landscape are evolving rapidly, with traditional financial
       institutions, FinTech platforms, and automotive players competing aggressively on pricing, service quality, and
       customer reach. This escalating rivalry may exert downward pressure on the Group’s market share, thereby
       adversely impacting our overall revenue trajectory and sustained profitability.

4.     Regulatory Compliance and Policy Risks

       The Group operates in a highly regulated environment. Our operations are subject to stringent supervision by
       regulatory authorities regarding capital adequacy, leverage ratios, data privacy, and corporate governance.
       Any failure to comply with existing laws or maintain necessary licenses could result in administrative penalties,
       operational restrictions, or reputational damage.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




       Moreover, the regulatory framework governing auto finance, financial leasing, and FinTech services is
       characterized by continuous evolution and refinement. The potential introduction of additional or more
       stringent laws, regulations, or industry guidelines – as well as prospective shifts in supervisory focus – could
       necessitate adjustments to the Group’s business models and may result in higher compliance costs or
       increased operational complexity. Such regulatory developments could also influence the Group’s ability to
       implement product innovations or pursue specific market expansion strategies, which may, in turn, affect our
       overall financial performance and competitive positioning.

BUSINESS MODEL AND VALUE CREATION

Leveraging its leading automobile finance transaction platform in China, the Group is committed to empowering
the automobile consumption ecosystem through technology. Since its IPO, the Group has developed from its
initial focus on transaction platform business and self-operated financing business (as described in the Company’s
Prospectus). We outline our current core business models and value creation logic below. For detailed information
on the Group’s initial business model and its historical evolution, investors may refer to the “Business” section of the
Company’s Prospectus and the “Management Discussion and Analysis” section of the Company’s annual reports
since its IPO.

Transaction Platform Business

Loan facilitation services represent the Group’s core asset-light business. Acting as a bridge connecting consumers,
auto dealers, and partnering financial institutions (such as banks), Yixin matches car buyers with customized auto
finance products through our digital platform. Under this model, the Group primarily generates revenue by charging
service fees to the partnering financial institutions for facilitating the transactions, while the financing or funding
is provided directly by the partnering financial institutions. The Group’s core value lies in “precise matching and
risk-technology empowerment.” For consumers, we provide a transparent, efficient, and one-stop auto financing
experience. For financial institutions, we leverage massive PBOC credit data, vast underlying transaction data
accumulated on our platform, and our proprietary big data risk assessment models to help them acquire high-quality
auto finance assets efficiently and at a lower cost. This significantly minimizes their customer acquisition costs and
credit assessment friction.

Driven by the ongoing digital upgrade of our own business and the expanding market demand for auto finance
digital services, the Group has modularized its mature auto finance technology capabilities to provide FinTech (SaaS)
solutions to regional commercial banks, automakers (OEMs), and large-scale auto dealer groups. We generate
revenue through transaction-based service fees based on the volume processed through our systems. The FinTech
(SaaS) business marks the Group’s strategic transition from a “transaction platform” to a “technology exporter”. Its
core value lies in commercializing Yixin’s market-tested technological capabilities – including system architecture,
AI-driven intelligent risk control, and post-financing management – to help upstream and downstream participants
in the industry chain accelerate their digital transformation. This not only yields stable and high-margin recurring
revenue for the Group but also deepens our technological moat within the broader auto finance ecosystem.

Self-operated Financing Business

This segment primarily consists of self-operated financing lease services. The Group directly provides automobile
financing to consumers with our financing lease products by utilizing our own capital or funds obtained through
diversified financing channels, thereby earning interest income. The financing business creates synergy and
complements our loan facilitation services. It enables the Group to serve customer segments across diverse credit
tiers and varying car buyers’ needs. This approach allows us to accumulate full-life-cycle vehicle and customer asset
management capabilities, further consolidating our economies of scale as an industry leader.




12    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




BUSINESS REVIEW

In 2025, amid a complex macroeconomic environment and intensifying industry competition, Yixin Group maintained
a trajectory of steady growth by leveraging its strategic focus and core business strengths. The Group’s business
structure was further optimized, and its overall resilience was materially enhanced. The continued rapid expansion
of the FinTech (SaaS) business, together with the steady advancement of the used car financing business, enabled
the Group to preserve strong risk resistance and business flexibility under challenging conditions. These initiatives
have laid a solid foundation for the Group to capture growth opportunities arising from industry consolidation and
structural adjustment, and to achieve sustainable development in the long run.

AUTO FINANCING TRANSACTIONS

                                                           Year ended December 31,
                                   2025                               2024                          Year-on-year
                          Number of                          Number of                         Number of
                           financing    Financing             financing       Financing         financing      Financing
                        transactions      amount           transactions         amount       transactions        amount
                                ’000     RMB’000                   ’000       RMB’000                  %              %


New vehicles                        307       33,076,347          376        38,698,469              -19%                  -15%
Used vehicles                       537       42,072,008          350        30,444,759               54%                   38%


Total                               844       75,148,355          726        69,143,228               16%                   9%


NEV(1)                              234       23,236,367          175        17,921,608               34%                  30%


Note:

(1)      NEV encompasses both new and used vehicles.


Our total financing transactions increased by 16% year-on-year to 844 thousand for the Reporting Period, compared
to 726 thousand for the same period last year. The total financing amount increased by 9% year-on-year to
RMB75.1 billion for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB69.1 billion for the same period last year.

For new vehicle financing, we actively responded to policy dynamics, including the “high-interest, high-rebate”
regulatory measures and interest subsidy for consumer loans, as well as the evolving competitive landscape.
Meanwhile, we deepened collaboration with OEMs and related partners by establishing dedicated teams to serve the
core mainstream brands and high-quality distribution channels. Our new vehicle financing transactions decreased
by 19% year-on-year to 307 thousand for the Reporting Period, compared to 376 thousand for the same period last
year. The financing amount decreased by 15% year-on-year to RMB33.1 billion for the Reporting Period, compared
to RMB38.7 billion for the same period last year.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED     13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




For used vehicle financing, we adopted a differentiated competitive strategy by expanding our reach to more
long-tail customers. Leveraging the industry experience and technological capabilities accumulated over many years,
the Group has implemented a risk-oriented, refined pricing strategy to achieve reasonable returns while maintaining
effective risk control. During the Reporting Period, the Group launched a risk-based pricing product, “Xpass” (必
過), which directly matches customers’ credit profiles with viable financing approval solutions. This initiative further
broadened the Group’s addressable market and improved the experience for dealers and customers in the used car
business. Our used vehicle financing transactions increased by 54% year-on-year to 537 thousand for the Reporting
Period, compared to 350 thousand for the same period last year. As a result, the proportion of our used vehicle
financing business in our total vehicle financing amount increased to 56% for the Reporting Period.

SAAS SERVICES

In 2025, the Group’s FinTech (SaaS) business maintained strong growth momentum, further reinforcing its market
position as a full-stack solution provider in China’s automotive finance industry. As the industry continued its
transition from scale-driven expansion toward a greater emphasis on efficiency and compliance, the value of FinTech
solutions in enhancing transaction efficiency, optimizing risk management, and supporting partners’ day-to-day
operations became increasingly evident.

During the Reporting Period, the FinTech (SaaS) business remained a key growth engine for the Group’s overall
performance. In 2025, total amount of financing facilitated via the FinTech platform reached RMB40.3 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 91%. FinTech revenue amounted to RMB4.5 billion during the Reporting
Period, representing a year-on-year increase of 150%.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s FinTech platform had established cooperative relationships with
a broad range of banks, financial leasing companies, and OEMs, with the total number reaching nearly 75. During
the Reporting Period, the FinTech platform continued to promote the rollout of new projects, further expanding the
coverage of services. The core customer base of the FinTech (SaaS) business maintained stable growth, and their
contribution to FinTech revenue remained at a relatively high level, reflecting sustained recognition of the platform’s
capabilities and service reliability.

From a business model perspective, the Group continued to advance its FinTech (SaaS) business through two
complementary models:

The “Pure technology” model: providing standalone technology solutions to partners to support the development
of their own automotive finance capabilities while reinforcing risk management responsibilities. Under this model,
the amount of financing facilitated during the Reporting Period reached RMB3.2 billion, representing a year-on-year
increase of 74%.

The “Traffic + Technology” model: leveraging the Group’s integrated advantages in channels, data, and operations
to provide end-to-end support to partners covering customer acquisition, credit origination and asset collection. The
amount of financing facilitated under this model reached RMB37.0 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
93%.

These two models complement each other across different cooperation scenarios, helping to expand our FinTech
platform’s service reach and enhance overall commercialization efficiency. As the platform continues to scale,
bilateral network effects and data flywheel effects have become increasingly apparent, further strengthening the
advantages of the Group’s FinTech (SaaS) business in scalable replication.




14    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Key Indicators of FinTech Core Customers(1)

                                                                                          Year ended December 31,
                                                                                   2025                        2024             Year-on-year
                                                                               RMB’000,                   RMB’000,
                                                                              except for                  except for
                                                                             percentage                  percentage                       %


Average revenue per core customers                                                 185,656                   103,946                     79%


Percentage of revenue from core customers                                              99%                       98%                       –


Note:

(1)     Core customers refer to those for whom the financing amount facilitated exceeds RMB100 million during the Reporting Period.


During the Reporting period, the number of core customers connected to our FinTech platform increased to 24, up
from 17 in 2024. These customers accounted for 99% of the total revenue from our FinTech (SaaS) business. The
average revenue per core customer (ARPCC) rose significantly to approximately RMB186 million in 2025, compared
to RMB104 million in 2024, highlighting the strengthening connections between customers and our FinTech
platform. These figures not only demonstrate our customers’ strong trust in the Group’s FinTech platform, but also
underscore the scalability and cost efficiency of our continuously expanding service offerings, driven by a powerful
data and technology flywheel.

TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION AND AI PRACTICES

2025 marked a pivotal year for Yixin in comprehensively deepening its “AI-driven” strategy. Facing the historic
opportunity presented by the accelerated evolution of AI technology and the industry-wide intelligent transformation,
the Group firmly advanced the integration of AI with automotive finance operations. Taking technological innovation
as the engine and scenario-based implementation as the guiding principle, Yixin systematically constructed a new
paradigm of intelligent automotive finance that covers the entire value chain, scenarios, and lifecycle, achieving
breakthrough progress across multiple dimensions, including large model development, product applications, and
operational empowerment.

Strengthening Technical Foundations and Leading Industry Large Model Innovation: In 2025, Yixin formally
launched XinMM-AM1, the auto finance industry’s first Agentic AI large model. Meanwhile, the Company has
made significant contributions to the open-source community. In specific tasks, XinMM-AM1 can deliver inference
performance comparable to general-purpose models while utilizing relatively much smaller parameter count, which
significantly reduces deployment costs and latency. The model demonstrates core capabilities in autonomous
decision-making, multi-step reasoning, tool integration, and environmental interaction. It can independently execute
complex business processes from customer acquisition to credit assessment, loan structuring, and post-loan
management, fundamentally addressing traditional inefficiencies caused by lengthy workflows, excessive manual
dependency, and fragmented processes.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Advancing Full-Chain Intelligence with Pre-Loan Sector Being Implemented First: The Company structured
AI integration across the auto finance value chain into sequential phases: pre-loan, during-loan, and post-loan.
During the Reporting Period, Agentic AI has been officially deployed in pre-loan sector for online business. Smart
calling system, AI-driven client engagement tool, and automated pre-approval system have substantially reduced
customer response times while improving conversion efficiency and fraud detection rates. Two AI agents have
been integrated into the daily real-world production process. Since their launch, they have been continuously
iterated and optimized on a weekly basis, narrowing the gap with leading human practices. In the future, a new
process paradigm that deeply integrates AI and human agents will be implemented, significantly improving business
efficiency.

Dual Recognition in Industry and Capital Market: In July 2025, Yixin made its debut at the World Artificial
Intelligence Conference (WAIC), showcasing a series of AI innovations and attracting widespread industry attention.
At the Wuzhen Summit of the World Internet Conference in November 2025, the Company’s self-developed
“end-to-end auto finance solution” was honored with the “Light of Brilliance Scenarios” Award at the Light of
Internet Expo and the first prize in the Open Source Model Application category of the Global Internet Competition’s
Open Source Project Track. Yixin remained the only auto finance company to receive such accolades, underscoring
its leadership in the “AI + Automotive Finance” domain. In December 2025, Yixin was officially included in the HKEX
Tech 100 Index, a benchmark tracking 100 Hong Kong-listed companies with the largest market capitalization in
technology sectors, including AI, biotech, electric vehicles, autonomous driving, information technology, internet,
and robotics. This inclusion signifies capital market recognition of Yixin’s technological innovation capability, industry
leadership, and sustainable growth potential.

Looking ahead to 2026: Yixin will continue prioritizing Agentic AI as a strategic lever to deepen AI applications
across automotive finance operations. The Group firmly believes that only by closely integrating cutting-edge
technology with real-world scenarios can it maintain stability and achieve long-term success in the wave of
intelligence, continuously creating sustainable long-term value for customers, partners, and shareholders.

INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION

In 2025, the Group achieved systematic progress in its international business, marked by expanded geographic
reach, accumulated partnership resources, and continuous evolution of business mode.

Singapore, as our first overseas market, represents a pivotal milestone in the Group’s globalization strategy. The
Group maintains a top-three position among non-bank auto finance providers in Singapore in terms of business
scale, and has established strategic partnerships with multiple leading local commercial banks. These collaborations
have effectively diversified our local financing channels, ensuring capital support for sustainable business expansion.
Beyond traditional credit facilitation, we have extended technology-driven solutions overseas, with the XPort
Intelligent System, serving as a pioneering force in our technology-enabled international expansion. Leveraging
its advanced digital capabilities, the system has gained strong market recognition. By empowering local dealers,
XPort enables comprehensive digitization of inventory management and intelligent integration of financial channels,
significantly enhancing operational efficiency and customers’ financing experiences. By the end of 2025, XPort had
penetrated over 50% of Singapore’s dealership network.

Leveraging Singapore as the international business headquarters, the Group has optimized global resource allocation
and unlocked regional synergies. Following its entry into Malaysia in the fourth quarter of 2025, the Group ascended
to the top three non-bank auto finance providers in terms of business scale within just three months of operation.
Monthly new loan origination volume approached USD15 million, demonstrating the Group’s exceptional localization
capabilities and market agility.




16    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Throughout international expansion, the Group has consistently adhered to the principle of integrating “local
insights with global capabilities.” We conduct in-depth analysis of target market customer needs and competitive
landscapes, employing a dual-driven approach combining financial innovation and technological advancement. This
strategy has established a standardized, replicable, and efficient market-entry framework that significantly shortens
the transition period from preparation to scale operations, thereby optimizing resource utilization efficiency.

Looking ahead, the Group will accelerate overseas expansion. In 2026, our primary focus remains on the Southeast
Asian market. This involves a dual-track approach: driving robust growth in our established markets while
strategically expanding our footprint into new countries.

NON-IFRSs FINANCIAL MEASURES

To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with the IFRSs, certain
additional non-IFRSs financial measures (in terms of adjusted operating profit and adjusted net profit) have been
presented in this report. These unaudited non-IFRSs financial measures should be considered in addition to, not
as a substitute for, measures of the Group’s financial performance prepared in accordance with the IFRSs. We
believe that these non-IFRSs measures provide additional information to investors and others in understanding and
evaluating our consolidated financial information of operations in the same manner as they help our management
compare our financial results across accounting periods and with those of our peer companies. In addition, these
non-IFRSs financial measures may be defined differently from similar terms used by other companies.

Adjusted operating profit eliminates the effect of certain non-cash items and one-time events, namely: (i) fair value
changes arising from investee companies invested directly at fair value through profit or loss; (ii) impairment loss on
investment in an associate; (iii) negative goodwill in relation to bargain purchase; (iv) amortization of intangible assets
resulting from asset and business acquisitions; and (v) share-based compensation expenses (“Adjusted Operating
Profit”).

Adjusted net profit eliminates the effect of the aforesaid items, as well as share of results of investments in
associates and joint ventures, to the extent that such results originate from unrealized fair value changes of the
underlying assets (primarily relating to the Group’s passive investments in private equity funds), and any related tax
impact (“Adjusted Net Profit”).

The terms Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit are not defined under the IFRSs. The use of Adjusted
Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit has material limitations as an analytical tool, as they do not include all
items that impact our profit for the relevant periods. The effect of items eliminated from Adjusted Operating Profit
and Adjusted Net Profit is a significant component in understanding and assessing our operating and financial
performance.

In light of the foregoing limitations for Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit, when assessing our
operating and financial performance, you should not view Adjusted Operating Profit in isolation or as a substitute for
our operating profit, nor should you view Adjusted Net Profit in isolation or as a substitute for our net profit or any
other operating performance measure that is calculated in accordance with IFRSs. In addition, because these non –
IFRSs measures may not be calculated in the same manner by all companies, they may not be comparable to other
similarly titled measures used by other companies.

The following tables reconcile our Adjusted Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit for the periods presented to
the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with the IFRSs. Adjusted
Operating Profit and Adjusted Net Profit are not required by, or presented in accordance with the IFRSs.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT

                                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


Operating profit                                                                                         1,698,987                1,133,604
Add:
Fair value changes arising from investee companies(1)                                                      146,815                  100,254
Impairment loss on investment in an associate                                                                    –                   12,031
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and
  business acquisitions                                                                                     51,528                   239,266
Negative goodwill in relation to bargain purchase                                                                –                  (100,992)
Share-based compensation expenses                                                                          143,715                    54,247


Adjusted operating profit                                                                                2,041,045                1,438,410


Our adjusted operating profit was RMB2,041 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,438 million for the
year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly due to the increase in revenue.

ADJUSTED NET PROFIT

                                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                      2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


Net profit                                                                                               1,198,566                  809,938
Add:
Fair value changes arising from investee companies(1)                                                      109,415                    71,732
Share of unrealized fair value changes from equity method
  investments(2)                                                                                            (59,228)                       –
Impairment loss on investment in an associate                                                                     –                   12,031
Amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and
  business acquisitions                                                                                     51,437                   239,175
Negative goodwill in relation to bargain purchase                                                                –                  (100,992)
Share-based compensation expenses                                                                          132,000                    46,920


Adjusted net profit                                                                                      1,432,190                1,078,804


Our adjusted net profit was RMB1,432 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,079 million for the year
ended December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly due to the increase in revenue.

Note:

(1):    Represents fair value changes of investments measured at fair value through profit or loss.

(2):    Represents the Group’s share of unrealized fair value changes derived from investments accounted for using the equity method, primarily
        regarding the valuation adjustments of the underlying portfolios of private equity funds.




18      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

The following table sets forth the comparative figures for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024.

                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                  2025                  2024             Year-on-year
                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000                       %


Revenues                                                      11,559,948             9,887,733                     17%
Cost of revenues                                              (5,098,477)           (5,251,462)                    -3%
Gross profit                                                   6,461,471             4,636,271                     39%
Selling and marketing expenses                                (1,019,272)           (1,020,334)                     0%
Administrative expenses                                         (633,822)             (443,412)                    43%
Operation and servicing expenses                                (388,369)             (286,118)                    36%
Research and development expenses                               (377,564)             (232,581)                    62%
Credit impairment losses                                      (2,332,500)           (1,565,379)                    49%
Other income and other (losses)/gains, net                       (10,957)                45,157                  -124%
Operating profit                                               1,698,987             1,133,604                     50%
Finance cost, net                                                (54,842)               (28,475)                   93%
Share of profits/(losses) of investments in
  associates and joint ventures                                   68,958                (15,607)                 -542%
Profit before income tax                                       1,713,103             1,089,522                     57%
Income tax expense                                              (514,537)             (279,584)                    84%
Profit for the period                                          1,198,566               809,938                     48%


Non-IFRSs measure
Adjusted operating profit                                      2,041,045             1,438,410                       42%
Adjusted net profit                                            1,432,190             1,078,804                       33%




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




REVENUES

Our total revenues increased by 17% year-on-year to RMB11,560 million for the Reporting Period, compared to
RMB9,888 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. This growth was driven by the expansion of both our
transaction platform business and self-operated financing business. Specifically, revenue growth in our transaction
platform business was mainly driven by the continued expansion of our SaaS services, supported by an increase
in the total amount of used car financing transactions facilitated by our platform. Meanwhile, revenue from our
self-operated financing business continued to increase, which was mainly attributable to the expansion of our
finance receivables portfolio. As interest income is recognized over the lease term under the effective interest
method, the increase in the average balance of interest-earning finance receivables contributed to the increase in
interest income. The following table sets forth the comparative figures for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
2024.

                                                                                      Year ended December 31,
                                                                                  2025                          2024
                                                                                % of total     Year-on-             % of total
                                                                RMB’000         revenues           year   RMB’000    revenues


Revenues
Transaction platform business
SaaS Services                                                   4,501,130               39%       150%    1,803,835       18%
Loan Facilitation Services                                      2,545,846               22%       -41%    4,317,600       44%
Other Platform Services                                         2,244,404               19%        27%    1,772,979       18%
  Guarantee services                                            1,995,332               17%        31%    1,523,868       15%
  Value-added services                                            249,072                2%         0%      249,111        3%
Subtotal                                                        9,291,380               80%        18%    7,894,414       80%


Self-operated financing business
Financing Lease Services                                        2,206,493               19%        13%    1,960,214       20%
  From new transactions during the period                         591,118                5%       -22%      757,908        8%
  From existing transactions in prior periods                   1,615,375               14%        34%    1,202,306       12%
Other Self-operated Services(1)                                    62,075                1%        88%       33,105        0%
Subtotal                                                        2,268,568               20%        14%    1,993,319       20%


Total                                                         11,559,948              100%         17%    9,887,733      100%


Note:

(1)     Include revenues from operating lease services, automobile sales and other revenues.




20      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Transaction platform business

Revenues from our transaction platform business increased by 18% year-on-year to RMB9,291 million for the
Reporting Period, compared to RMB7,894 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, mainly due to the increase
in revenue of our SaaS services and guarantee services. Our transaction platform business contributed 80% of total
revenues for the Reporting Period, compared to 80% for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Revenues from our SaaS services demonstrated significant growth, reaching RMB4,501 million in 2025, supported
by a facilitated transaction amount of RMB40.3 billion. This represents a 150% year-over-year revenue increase
and a 91% expansion in transaction scale. Notably, the take rate (calculated as SaaS revenue divided by facilitated
transaction amount) rose to 11.2% in 2025, compared to 8.6% for the year ended December 31, 2024. The
substantial growth in facilitated transactions was primarily driven by our collaboration with an expanded network of
funding partners. Meanwhile, the improvement in take rate reflects the increasing diversification of capital providers
serving different risk profiles, as well as our enhanced pricing power across the value chain.

Revenues from our loan facilitation services decreased by 41% year-on-year to RMB2,546 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB4,318 million for 2024. This decrease was primarily attributable to the Company’s shift in
strategic focus toward its SaaS offerings, underscoring an intentional move to strengthen long-term scalability and
sustainable growth.

Revenues from our other platform services increased by 27% to RMB2,244 million for the Reporting Period,
compared to RMB1,773 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, mainly due to the increase in revenue
from guarantee services. Our revenue from guarantee services was RMB1,995 million for the Reporting Period,
which increased by 31% from RMB1,524 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. This growth was primarily
driven by a higher proportion of used car transactions, which typically generate elevated guarantee fees, thereby
contributing significantly to the overall increase in guarantee revenue from this segment. Our revenue from our
value-added services was RMB249 million for the Reporting Period. The Group continues to leverage a range of
supplementary value-added services, such as battery GAP insurance, to further enrich our service offerings and
strengthen our overall service chain.

Self-operated financing business

Revenues from our self-operated financing business increased by 14% year-on-year to RMB2,269 million for the
Reporting Period, compared to RMB1,993 million for 2024, primarily due to the increase in revenues from financing
lease services.

Revenues from our financing lease services increased by 13% year-on-year to RMB2,206 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB1,960 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. This growth was primarily
attributable to the expansion of our asset scale. The quarterly average balance of our net finance receivables
increased to RMB30.4 billion for the Reporting Period from RMB26.4 billion for the same period last year, providing
a larger base for interest income generation. The adjusted average yield of our net finance receivables(1) rose to
9.7% for the Reporting Period, up from 9.4% for the same period last year. Amidst intense competition in the new
car market, we proactively optimized our portfolio by increasing the volume of used car financing. Since used car
financing generally commands a higher yield, this structural shift resulted in the growth of our overall adjusted
average yield.

Note:

(1)     Calculated by dividing revenues before the deduction of amortized directly attributable costs from financing lease services by quarterly
        average balance of net finance receivables.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




COST OF REVENUES

For the Reporting Period, the Group’s cost of revenues was RMB5,098 million, representing a decrease of
3% compared to RMB5,251 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to the decrease in
commissions associated with transaction platform business, and funding costs associated with self-operated
financing services. Commissions decreased to RMB4,045 million from RMB4,138 million in 2024. The decline was
primarily attributable to the Group’s strengthened overall leadership in the third-party automotive finance market.
The enhanced scale effect has fortified our bargaining power, resulting in lower commissions. Funding costs
decreased to RMB956 million from RMB1,007 million in 2024, primarily driven by the reduction in interest rates
on new borrowings. The average cost rate(1) of the Group decreased to 3.7% for the Reporting Period, compared
to 4.5% for the same period last year. The reduction in funding costs was attributable not only to the continued
interest-rate-cut environment, which lowered market-wide borrowing benchmarks, but also to the Group’s stronger
proactive capability in optimizing its asset portfolio and deepening investor engagement. As our asset quality and
performance track record gained further recognition, we were able to actively secure funding on more favorable
terms, reinforcing our cost advantages. The following table sets out the cost details of each business type during
the period shown:

                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                                        2025                                    2024
                                                                                            % of         Year-on-                            % of
                                                                     RMB’000          total cost             year      RMB’000         total cost


Cost of revenues:
Transaction platform business                                       4,100,778                 80%             -2%      4,204,991            80%
Self-operated financing business                                      997,699                 20%             -5%      1,046,471            20%


Total                                                               5,098,477               100%              -3%      5,251,462           100%


GROSS PROFIT AND MARGIN

                                                                                            Year ended December 31,
                                                                               2025                                       2024
                                                                         RMB’000                   Margin           RMB’000              Margin


Segment gross profit and gross profit
  margins
Transaction platform business                                            5,190,602                     56%          3,689,423               47%
Self-operated financing business                                         1,270,869                     56%            946,848               48%


Total                                                                    6,461,471                     56%          4,636,271               47%


For the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit was RMB6,461 million, representing an increase of RMB1,825
million or 39% compared to RMB4,636 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the Reporting Period and
the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group’s gross profit margin was 56% and 47%, respectively.

Notes:

(1)      Calculated by dividing funding costs by quarterly average balance of interest-bearing liabilities.




22       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Transaction platform business

The gross profit margin of our transaction platform business was affected by the change of net take rate. The
following table sets forth the net take rate during the periods indicated below.

                                                                                         2025                        2024             Change %


Net take rate(1)                                                                         5.1%                       3.7%                       1.4%


Net take rate of the Group for 2025 increased by 1.4 percentage points to 5.1% as compared with the previous
year, which was primarily driven by a reduction in funding costs from cooperative financial partners, coupled with an
expanded service fee margin resulting from a higher proportion of used car financing.

Note:

(1)      Calculated by dividing revenues excluding commissions from our loan facilitation services and SaaS services by financing amounts from our
         transaction platform business.


Self-operated financing business

The gross profit margin of our self-operated financing business was affected by the change of net interest spread.
The following table sets forth the net interest spread during the periods indicated below.

                                                                                         2025                        2024             Change %


Net interest spread(2)                                                                   6.0%                       4.9%                       1.1%


The Group’s net interest spread widened by 1.1 percentage points year-over-year to 6.0% in 2025. This expansion
was primarily driven by a 0.8 percentage point decrease in the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities, coupled
with a 0.3 percentage point increase in the adjusted average yield on finance receivables.

Notes:

(2)      Calculated as the difference between the adjusted average yield and the average cost rate.


SELLING AND MARKETING EXPENSES

Selling and marketing expenses amounted to RMB1,019 million for the Reporting Period, slightly decreased from
RMB1,020 million in 2024. This decrease was primarily attributable to a reduction in the amortization of intangible
assets resulting from asset and business acquisitions. However, the decrease was partially offset by an increase
in salaries and professional service fees to support the growth in transaction volume. Share-based compensation
expenses for our sales and marketing personnel were RMB21 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB14
million for the year ended December 31, 2024.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Our administrative expenses increased by 43% year-on-year to RMB634 million for the Reporting Period, compared
to RMB443 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily due to higher salary expenses resulting from an
increase in headcount and increased share-based compensation expenses arising from the granted share options
and share awards in 2025. Share-based compensation expenses for our administrative personnel were RMB101
million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB31 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Excluding
the effect of certain non-cash items, namely amortization of intangible assets resulting from asset and business
acquisitions and share-based compensation expenses, the administrative expenses increased by 29% year-on-year
to RMB532 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB412 million for the year ended December 31,
2024. The increase was primarily driven by upfront investments in our global expansion, specifically the costs of
establishing new regional offices and scaling our overseas teams.

OPERATION AND SERVICING EXPENSES

Our operation and servicing expenses increased by 36% from RMB286 million for the year ended December 31,
2024 to RMB388 million for the Reporting Period, primarily due to the increase in salaries and professional service
fees, which was primarily attributable to the increase of asset balance. Share-based compensation expenses for our
operation and servicing personnel were RMB6 million for the Reporting Period.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

Our research and development expenses increased by 62% year-on-year to RMB378 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB233 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. The growth was mainly driven by
increased personnel costs and professional service expenses to support our technology initiatives, coupled with
higher depreciation and amortization charges associated with our R&D infrastructure. Share-based compensation
expenses for our research and development personnel were RMB16 million for the Reporting Period, compared to
RMB9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. This increase in research and development expenses aligns
with our continued investment in AI-driven operations. During the Reporting Period, additional R&D resources were
allocated to capture emerging opportunities in AI development, supporting key initiatives such as large-language
model training and the intelligent enhancement of our products and operational systems.

CREDIT IMPAIRMENT LOSSES

Credit impairment losses increased by approximately 49% year-on-year to RMB2,333 million for the Reporting
Period, compared to RMB1,565 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, This was primarily attributable to
three key factors: the expansion of the asset base, the increased proportion of used cars in total asset balances,
and the enhancement of the provision coverage ratio as a risk mitigation measure against economic uncertainties.
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the provision for assets of the Group for the periods indicated:

                                                              For the year ended 31 December
                                                       2025                      2024
                                                 RMB’000    % of total     RMB’000    % of total        Change %


Provision for finance receivables                 706,903       30.3%        524,766         33.5%          34.7%
Provision for other receivables                   878,743       37.7%        382,996         24.5%         129.4%
Provision for risk assurance liabilities          711,098       30.5%        645,949         41.3%          10.1%
Provision for trade receivables                    35,756        1.5%         11,668          0.7%         206.4%


Total                                            2,332,500     100.0%      1,565,379        100.0%          49.0%




24      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OTHER INCOME AND OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS, NET

Our other income and other losses, net amounted to RMB11 million for the Reporting Period, compared to other
income and other gains, net of RMB45 million in 2024. The year-over-year change was primarily attributable to the
one-off negative goodwill in relation to bargain purchase recorded in 2024 and higher fair value losses on financial
assets during the Reporting Period, which were partially offset by foreign exchange gains in 2025 as compared with
foreign exchange losses in 2024.

OPERATING PROFIT

Our operating profit for the Reporting Period was RMB1,699 million, compared to RMB1,134 million for the year
ended December 31, 2024, mainly due to the increase in gross profit.

FINANCE COST, NET

Our finance cost, net for the Reporting Period was RMB55 million, compared to RMB28 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024. The increase was mainly attributable to higher interest expenses arising from increased
borrowing balances for operating activities.

INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Our income tax expense was RMB515 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB280 million for the year
ended December 31, 2024. This was primarily attributable to the increase in profit before income tax.

PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD

Our profit was RMB1,199 million for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB810 million for the year ended
December 31, 2024, due to the increase in gross profit.

DIVIDEND

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK10.0 cents per Share and a special dividend
of HK4.0 cents per Share for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: a final dividend of HK6.5 cents per Share
and a special dividend of HK6.5 cents per Share). The total amount of the proposed final and special dividends
is approximately HK$950.2 million (equivalent to approximately RMB838.6 million) (2024: the total amount of final
dividends is approximately HK$878.5 million), which is based on 6,787,178,701 Shares in issue on March 5, 2026.

SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FROM OUR CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                            As at December 31,
                                                                    2025                 2024             Year-on-year
                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000                       %


Carrying amount of finance receivables                         31,452,282           28,117,882                         12%
Cash and cash equivalents                                       4,506,398            4,212,760                          7%
Total borrowings                                               31,279,599           26,948,957                         16%
Current assets                                                 25,425,950           22,949,977                         11%
Current liabilities                                            22,085,647           18,305,774                         21%
Net current assets                                              3,340,303            4,644,203                        -28%
Total equity                                                   16,953,794           16,480,133                          3%




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED     25
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FINANCE RECEIVABLES

We provide financing lease services in our self-operated financing business segment, and in return, customers pay
us interest and principal monthly. Our carrying amount of finance receivables increased to RMB31.5 billion as at
December 31, 2025, compared to RMB28.1 billion as at December 31, 2024.

The following table sets forth our net finance receivables and the amount of provision for expected credit losses and
the corresponding provision to net finance receivables ratios as at the dates indicated:

                                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                           (RMB’000, except for percentage)


Finance receivables, net (ending balance)                                                       32,599,769        29,050,309
Provision for expected credit losses (ending balance)                                           (1,147,487)         (932,427)
Provision to net finance receivables ratio(1)                                                       3.52%             3.21%


Note:

(1)     Provision for expected credit losses divided by net finance receivables.


Maturity Profile

The following table sets forth the maturity profile of the net finance receivables as of the dates indicated:

                                                                       December 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                       RMB’000     % of total       RMB’000        % of total


Maturity date
 Within 1 year                                                       11,270,548        34.6%       10,587,862          36.4%
 1 to 2 years                                                         8,467,029        26.0%        7,888,941          27.2%
 2 to 3 years                                                         6,635,480        20.4%        5,376,668          18.5%
 Above 3 years                                                        6,226,712        19.0%        5,196,838          17.9%


Total                                                                32,599,769       100.0%       29,050,309         100.0%


Net finance receivables due within one year represent net finance receivables which the Group will receive within
one year as of the reporting dates indicated. As of December 31, 2025, net finance receivables due within one
year as set forth in the table above represented 34.6% of the Group’s net finance receivables, which decreased as
compared to the end of the previous year, primarily due to the increase of finance receivables with longer financing
terms.




26      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




OFF BALANCE-SHEET LOANS

Under the arrangements with certain financial institutions for transaction platform business, the Group is obligated
to purchase the relevant loans upon certain specified events of default by car buyers. As of December 31, 2025, the
total outstanding balance of loans funded by financial institutions under such arrangements was RMB86.4 billion.
As of December 31, 2025, the risk assurance liabilities recognized by the Group under such financial guarantee
contracts was RMB3.1 billion.

The asset performance of our financed transactions depends on our customer’s repayment capability and
willingness to pay. However, it is also influenced by uncertainties in the macroeconomic environment, which may
affect customers’ income stability. Taking into account the current quality of the portfolio and the expected volatility
ahead, we increased our provisions for finance receivables and risk assurance liabilities accordingly.

DAY PAST DUE RATIO

The following table sets forth past due ratios for all financed transactions through both our self-operated financing
lease services and our transaction platform business to facilitate assessment of the overall quality of our financed
transactions:

                                                                                                      December 31,               December 31,
                                                                                                             2025                       2024


Past due ratio:
180+ days(1)                                                                                                    1.31%                     1.39%
90+ days (including 180+ days)(2)                                                                               1.89%                     1.86%


Notes:

(1)      180+ days past due net finance receivables from our self-operated financing lease services and past due outstanding loan balances from our
         loan facilitation service divided by total net finance receivables and outstanding loan balances.

(2)      90+ days (including 180+ days) past due net finance receivables from our self-operated financing lease services and past due outstanding
         loan balances from our loan facilitation service divided by total net finance receivables and outstanding loan balances.


As at December 31, 2025, our 180+ days past due ratio and 90+ days (including 180+ days) past due ratio for all
financed transactions through both our self-operated financing lease services and loan facilitation services were
1.31% and 1.89%, respectively (December 31, 2024: 1.39% and 1.86%, respectively). The Group continues to
sharpen its risk management capabilities, with AI technologies playing an increasingly central role across the entire
credit lifecycle. These AI-driven enhancements have strengthened our risk management framework – from more
accurate pre-approval assessments and risk-based pricing to the deployment of a pre-emptive early-warning engine.
The engine enables early engagement with customers who exhibit potential repayment risks, materially enhancing
asset recovery efficiency. Consequently, despite an increased proportion of used cars in our portfolio, our asset
quality remained resilient.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED       27
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




DAY PAST DUE RATIO BY VINTAGE

DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage is defined as the total balance of outstanding principal of a vintage for
which any payment is over 30 calendar days past due as of a particular date (adjusted to reflect total amount of
recovered principal after write-offs), divided by the total initial principal in such vintage. Months on book, or MOB,
is the number of complete calendar months that have elapsed since the calendar month in which the assets was
originated, measured at the end of each calendar month.

In line with the evolution of our operational management, we have updated our disclosure methodology for the
Reporting Period. We have transitioned from monitoring asset quality solely by vehicle type (new vs. used) to a
more sophisticated approach based on customer credit pricing tiers. This segmentation allows for a more granular
assessment of portfolio performance and better reflects the Company’s differentiated risk management strategies.

The Group categorizes borrowers into three distinct segments – Tier I (Upmarket), Tier II (Prime), and Tier III (Near
Prime)

The following chart depicts the DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage as of December 31, 2025, for all Tier I
Customer Segment that have been originated by us from 2021.


  Dpd 30+ by Vintage for Tier I Customer Segment
 6.0%


 5.0%


 4.0%


 3.0%


 2.0%


 1.0%


 0.0%

         MOB0   MOB2   MOB4   MOB6   MOB8   MOB10   MOB12    MOB14   MOB16   MOB18   MOB20   MOB22   MOB24   MOB26   MOB28   MOB30   MOB32   MOB34   MOB36   MOB38   MOB40   MOB42   MOB44   MOB46   MOB48



                                                            2021                         2022                           2023                            2024




The following chart depicts the DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage as of December 31, 2025, for all Tier II
Customer Segment that have been originated by us from 2021.


  Dpd 30+ by Vintage for Tier II Customer Segment
 6.0%


 5.0%


 4.0%


 3.0%


 2.0%


 1.0%


 0.0%

         MOB0   MOB2   MOB4   MOB6   MOB8   MOB10   MOB12    MOB14   MOB16   MOB18   MOB20   MOB22   MOB24   MOB26   MOB28   MOB30   MOB32   MOB34   MOB36   MOB38   MOB40   MOB42   MOB44   MOB46   MOB48



                                                            2021                         2022                           2023                            2024




28      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




The following chart depicts the DPD 30+ delinquency rates by vintage as of December 31, 2025, for all Tier III
Customer Segment that have been originated by us from 2021.


  Dpd 30+ by Vintage for Tier III Customer Segment
 6.0%


 5.0%


 4.0%


 3.0%


 2.0%


 1.0%


 0.0%

        MOB0   MOB2   MOB4   MOB6   MOB8   MOB10   MOB12    MOB14   MOB16   MOB18   MOB20   MOB22   MOB24   MOB26   MOB28   MOB30   MOB32   MOB34   MOB36   MOB38   MOB40   MOB42   MOB44   MOB46   MOB48



                                                           2021                         2022                           2023                            2024




Internal Control

The Company has developed comprehensive risk management and internal control systems to address the credit
risks that the Company is exposed to, being the Company’s principal exposure. The Company has implemented the
credit assessment process, which focuses on a consumer’s ability and willingness to pay its financial obligations,
and developed our data-driven credit assessment system, which is tailored to our business model. Our credit
assessment and approval policies are similar across our service categories or product lines. While applicants may
choose different financing product offerings based on their different financing needs, all applicants go through a
similar credit assessment and approval process governed by similar policies and receive credit decisions, regardless
of the product lines being applied for. We implement similar credit risk management measures across our service
categories or product lines, by actively monitoring historical past due ratio and continuously improving our data
analytics capabilities, as well as executing post-financing management and loss recovery measures by leveraging
the vehicle telematics systems installed on all automobiles financed by us. For details, please refer to “Business –
Risk Management and Internal Control – Credit Risk Management” of the Prospectus.

Further, the Group implemented classification management of finance receivables that accurately reveals the asset
risk profile and tracks the quality of assets primarily by obtaining information on the qualification of assets. On such
basis, we have deployed management resources and efforts in a focused manner to effectively implement measures
on classification management and have strengthened risk expectation and the relevance of risk prevention to
improve the ability to control asset risks.

We also continue to monitor and review the operation and performance of our risk management and internal control
systems, and adapt to the changes in market conditions, our product and service offerings, and the regulatory
environment. Since the listing of the Company on November 16, 2017, the Company has adopted a series of
internal policies to further set out detailed procedures in relation to credit assessment and approval procedures,
post-financing management and loss recovery.




                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED                              29
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Credit Assessment and Approval Procedures

Our credit assessment and approval procedures include: assessment and approval, request of settlement, and
settlement.

Assessment and Approval

We use a holistic approach to implement our assessment and approval procedures, which consist of automatic
preliminary assessment, screening, and manual assessment.

When an applicant submits an application through our online channels, we perform automated preliminary
assessment based on the applicant’s key information such as ID card and cell phone number through our anti –
fraud system and credit scoring system. In the meantime, we will also check the applicant’s credit report through
the PBC Credit Reference Center and investigate any criminal track record from the public security system. The
automatic assessment will yield a preliminary result on the creditworthiness of the applicant, based on which we will
decide whether further manual assessment process is required. Our anti-fraud system and the credit scoring system
collectively encompass over 40 models that analyze massive data including user profile, behavior data, credit data,
consumption data and other information relating to the credit worthiness of applicants, as well as the specifics and
valuation of the automobiles that the applicant is purchasing and the amount of down payment.

When an applicant submits an application through our network dealer, a service consultant will meet and
communicate with the applicant face to face to form a preliminary judgment on the creditworthiness of the applicant,
collect key information and required documents, and submit them to the Risk Management Center of the Company
for assessment. We would conduct an automatic preliminary assessment based on the information and documents
provided, as screening is not a standalone procedure during which we make credit assessment decisions.

After evaluating the results of automatic preliminary assessment, we will decide if additional information is needed
to further assess the creditworthiness of the applicant. The information and documents we may need cover (i)
information of the related automobile, (ii) credit profile of the applicant or the guarantor(s), if necessary, (iii) key
leasing term including proper down-payment ratio, and (iv) completeness of the requested supporting documents
and certificates. In addition, we may conduct telephone interviews or home visits in the manual assessment process,
if necessary.

Request of Draw-down

We will not process the request of draw-down from an applicant unless each of the following requirements has been
fulfilled:

•      The automobile purchase agreement must be duly executed by the parties named in the approved application
       package.

•      The invoice must be duly stamped. The transaction amount and the VIN on the invoice must be consistent
       with our records in the system.

•      A valid repayment bank account must be available.




30    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Draw-down of Loans

After a request of draw-down that satisfies our requirements has been duly processed, we will initiate the
procedures for draw-down of the loan. We will not settle for an applicant unless each of the following requirements
has been fulfilled:

•     All the legal documents and agreements must have been duly signed with the witness by our own staff or the
      staff of the relevant dealership store and a photo of the onsite signing has been uploaded to our system.

•     The underlying automobiles have been properly pledged to us, where appropriate.

•     The required insurance policy and the vehicle telematics systems are in place.

Post-Financing Management

Our post-financing management process includes the following steps:

•     Our post-financing management team will make welcome calls to our new consumers within 15 days after
      settlement in order to understand their customer experience as well as identify early stage of potential risks of
      delinquency.

•     Our post-financing management team monitors the status of GPSs installed on the subject automobiles on a
      daily basis, if applicable.

•     In order to ensure that the consumers’ repayments are on schedule, the post-financing service team will send
      reminders via text messages three days prior to the repayment due dates.

If any delinquency arises or we observed any abnormal behavior in consumers, we will initiate our collection process,
which includes the following:

•     our customer service team or outsourced call center team will remind the consumer of the repayment and
      send a collection notice to the said consumer within 10 days after the due date;

•     our outsourced local collection specialists may conduct an on-site collection if there is any further delay;

•     in the case of serious delinquency, based on the terms of the contract, we may investigate, monitor and track
      the automobile to re-possess the automobile directly and implement other necessary measures within the
      legal boundaries; and

•     ultimately, we reserve the right to take legal action against the delinquent consumer.

Loss Recovery

Our asset management center is responsible for repossessing automobiles arising from overdue payments and
disposing of such automobile via auction, consignment or re-acquisition. We will recover, minimise or mitigate our
losses through such measures.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   31
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




After our asset management center collects the automobile with the support of outsourced local collection
specialists, it will assess the automobile condition and obtain proper third-party appraisal reports with respect to
the automobile. We will enter into direct negotiation with the consumer to ascertain the possibility of re-acquisition
of the automobile by the consumer. If the consumer waives the re-acquisition option or does not respond in time,
the asset management center may assess the disposal value based on the relevant materials such as the used
automobile appraisal reports. After the licenses and compliance status and the residual lease have been confirmed,
the asset management center will initiate bidding for the repossessed automobile.

In the event that the financing receivable is overdue for 360 days, we may consider writing off the relevant receivable
according to our leased assets impairment policy. Based on our past experience, we believe that financing
receivables overdue for less than 360 days have viable likelihood of being collected, and we believe it is within
industry practice to assess and consider writing off finance receivables that are past due for over 360 days.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

As at December 31, 2025, our cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB4,506 million, compared to RMB4,213
million as at December 31, 2024. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was mainly due to the improvement of
profitability and working capital management.

As at December 31, 2025, RMB4,099 million of our cash and cash equivalents were denominated in RMB,
compared to RMB3,344 million as at December 31, 2024.

Our net cash used in operating activities was RMB0.5 billion for the Reporting Period, compared to RMB2.0 billion
for the year ended December 31, 2024, mainly attributable to the optimization of profit-sharing settlement methods
with cooperating financial institutions.

BORROWINGS AND SOURCE OF FUNDS

By leveraging our leading industry position as well as continuously improved profitability and asset performance, we
obtained more recognition by financial institutions and further expanded funding channels to support the funding
needs of the Group.

As at December 31 2025, our total borrowings were RMB31.3 billion, compared to RMB26.9 billion, as at December
31, 2024. The increase was mainly due to the increase in the scale of business. Total borrowings were comprised of
(i) asset-backed securities and asset-backed notes of RMB11.7 billion as at December 31, 2025; and (ii) bank loans
and borrowings from other institutions of RMB19.6 billion. Asset-backed securities and asset-backed notes as a
percentage of our total borrowings was 38% as at December 31, 2025.

As at December 31, 2025, the Group, as the original owner and sponsor, had cumulatively issued 85 standardized
products totaling RMB72.2 billion through the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the National Association of Financial
Market Institutional Investors, the Shanghai Insurance Exchange, and other platforms. During the Reporting Period,
the Group continued to optimize its debt structure, diversify funding sources, and reduce financing costs through a
series of innovative financing initiatives.

In June 2025, the Group successfully closed a RMB520 million dual tranche revolving sustainability linked syndicated
loan with participation from six banks. The facility bears interest at rates linked to the Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) and
represents the lowest onshore syndicated financing cost achieved by the Group to date.




32    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




In July 2025, the Group further diversified its debt instruments through (i) the issuance of its inaugural Green Medium
Term Notes (“MTN”) in the China Interbank Bond Market, and (ii) the successful issuance of its first GREENTECH
sustainability linked U.S. dollar denominated bond, with an aggregate principal amount of USD70 million and a two
year tenor.

In November 2025, the Group’s privately placed asset backed notes, “Xingyao No. 8”, were successfully issued via
Bond Connect to both domestic and overseas institutional investors. The senior Class A notes received a rating of
“AAAsf” from S&P Global Ratings. With this issuance, the Group’s ABN programme has obtained “AAA” ratings from
all three major international rating agencies.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s credit profile continued to strengthen. In July 2025, Xinche Investment
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd., an onshore holding subsidiary of the Group, was assigned an issuer credit rating of “AAA” with
a stable outlook by CSCI Pengyuan Credit Rating Co., Ltd.

NET CURRENT ASSETS

Our net current assets decreased by 28% to RMB3,340 million as at December 31, 2025, compared to RMB4,644
million as at December 31, 2024. Our current assets were RMB25.4 billion as at December 31, 2025, compared to
RMB23.0 billion as at December 31, 2024, primarily due to the increase of the current portion of finance receivables
and restricted cash. Our current liabilities were RMB22.1 billion as at December 31, 2025, compared to RMB18.3
billion as at December 31, 2024, primarily due to the new borrowings.

TOTAL EQUITY

Our total equity increased to RMB17.0 billion as at December 31, 2025, compared to RMB16.5 billion as at
December 31, 2024, primarily due to the net profit incurred during the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                                       As at December 31,
                                                                                                                            2025                   2024


Current ratio (times)(1)                                                                                                    1.15                   1.25
Gearing ratio(2)                                                                                                            58%                    55%
Debt to equity ratio (times)(3)                                                                                             1.85                   1.64


Notes:

(1)      Current ratio is our current assets divided by our current liabilities at the end of each financial period.

(2)      Gearing ratio is net debt divided by total capital at the end of each financial period. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings plus lease
         liabilities, less our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Total capital is calculated as total equity plus net debt.

(3)      Debt to equity ratio is total borrowings plus lease liabilities divided by total equity at the end of each financial period.




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    33
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




Current Ratio

Our current ratio decreased to 1.15 as at December 31, 2025, compared to 1.25 as at December 31, 2024, mainly
due to the increase in the current portion of borrowings of the Group.

Gearing Ratio

Our gearing ratio increased to 58% as at December 31, 2025, compared to 55% as at December 31, 2024, mainly
due to the increase in the net debt of the Group.

Debt to Equity Ratio

Our debt-to-equity ratio increased to 1.85 as at December 31, 2025, compared to 1.64 as at December 31, 2024,
mainly due to the increase in total borrowings. The Group continues to maintain a good debt-paying ability and has
further improved financial leverage while raising the return on assets.

CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND INVESTMENTS

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


Purchase of property and equipment and non-current assets                               330,715             235,766
Prepayment for equity transactions                                                       90,000              50,000
Purchase of intangible assets                                                            10,348               9,004
Investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
  and derivative instruments                                                             13,737              28,035
Investments in associates in the form of ordinary shares                                244,250             129,048


Total                                                                                   689,050             451,853


FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

Our Group’s subsidiaries primarily operate in the PRC and have begun expanding overseas, with established
operations in Singapore and Malaysia. As the overseas business remains at an early stage, our foreign exchange
exposure is still limited and primarily relates to the United States dollar. Foreign exchange risk mainly arises from
recognised assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, as well as receipts from or payments to overseas
business partners. During the Reporting Period, the Group entered into certain swap arrangements for hedging
purposes; however, hedge accounting was not applied.

Details of the currencies in which cash and cash equivalents are held and in which borrowings are made are set out
in Note 21 and Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.




34      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS HELD

On June 13, 2018, the Company and Yusheng, a company principally engaged in used automobile transaction
business and an independent third party, entered into a convertible note purchase agreement (the “Convertible
Note Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which Yusheng agreed to issue, and the Company agreed to purchase,
the convertible note (the “Convertible Note”) in the principal amount of US$260 million (equivalent to approximately
HK$2,040 million). The Convertible Note is interest free and convertible into 13 million non-voting Series Pre-A
preferred shares of Yusheng with a par value of US$0.0001 per share (the “Series Pre-A Preferred Shares”) at
the conversion price of US$20.00 (equivalent to approximately HK$156.93). The Series Pre-A Preferred Shares
convertible under the Convertible Note represent an interest of approximately 40.63% in the share capital of
Yusheng assuming full subscription of the Series A-1 and Series A-2 preferred shares of Yusheng by the investors
under the securities subscription agreement separately entered into by them with Yusheng and that all the equity
securities which Yusheng intends to reserve for issuance pursuant to its future employee equity incentive plan
have been issued. The Convertible Note will mature on June 12, 2038 (the “Maturity Date”) or such later date
as otherwise agreed by the Company and Yusheng. Unless converted into Series Pre-A Preferred Shares prior to
the Maturity Date, the outstanding principal of the Convertible Note will be due and payable upon demand by the
Company on the Maturity Date or any time thereafter.

As consideration for the subscription of the Convertible Note, the Company agreed to (i) pay a cash consideration of
US$21 million (equivalent to approximately HK$165 million), and (ii) provide certain cooperation services to Yusheng
and/or its affiliates pursuant to the terms of the business cooperation agreement dated June 13, 2018 entered into
between the Company and Yusheng. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated
June 13, 2018.

In November 2019 and December 2020, the Company subscribed for additional convertible note issued by Yusheng
with a cash consideration of US$43 million (equivalent to approximately HK$335 million) and a cash consideration
of US$12 million (equivalent to approximately HK$95 million), to further strengthen our cooperation relationship with
Yusheng in used automobile business.

In June 2023, the Company subscribed for additional convertible note issued by Yusheng with a cash consideration
of US$12 million (equivalent to approximately HK$94 million), to further strengthen our cooperation relationship with
Yusheng in used automobile business.

The used car sector witnessed broad-based pressures during the Reporting Period, driven by the persistent
contagion effect of price competition in the domestic new vehicle market. Nevertheless, Yusheng bucked this
trend by achieving healthy growth. To enhance its competitive position, Yusheng has actively optimized its sales
center operating model, highlighted by the renovation and upgrading of nearly 10,000 square meters in core urban
areas, including Guangzhou, Jinan, Beijing, Hangzhou, and Zhengzhou. Yusheng remains committed to elevating
operational efficiency through continuous investment in AI technologies and the implementation of standardized
operational procedures.

As at December 31, 2025, the fair value of our investment in Yusheng was USD362,387,000 (equivalent
to approximately RMB2,547,146,000) (December 31, 2024: USD358,752,000 (equivalent to approximately
RMB2,578,853,000)) which constituted 4.7% of the total assets of the Group (December 31, 2024: 5.3%).

Save as disclosed above, we did not hold any significant investments in the equity interests of any other companies
for the Reporting Period.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   35
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS

Save as disclosed in this report, we did not have other plans for material investments and capital assets.

EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. As part of our retention
strategy, we offer employees with competitive salaries, performance-based cash bonuses and other incentives. We
primarily recruit our employees through recruitment agencies, on-campus job fairs, industry referrals, and online
channels.

As at December 31, 2025, we had 4,773 full-time employees (December 31, 2024: 4,278). In line with the
performance of the Group and individual employees, a competitive remuneration package is offered to retain
employees, including salaries, discretionary bonuses, and contributions to benefit plans (including pensions).
Employees of the Group are eligible participants of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the First Share Award
Scheme (which was terminated with effect from July 9, 2024), the Second Share Award Scheme and the 2024 Share
Scheme, the details of which are set out in the Prospectus and Note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.

The Group has established a comprehensive talent development framework supported by a structured training
policy. Employees have access to a broad range of internal and external training programs covering professional
skills, compliance, leadership development, digital capabilities and industry knowledge.

To further enhance cross-functional expertise and expand career pathways, the Group also operates a structured
job rotation programme, enabling employees to gain exposure to different business lines and functions and
supporting the development of a sustainable talent pipeline.

The total remuneration cost (including share-based compensation expenses) incurred by the Group for the Reporting
Period was RMB1,296 million, compared to RMB1,019 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

Save as disclosed in this report, the Group did not have any other material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries
or associated companies for the Reporting Period.

PLEDGE OF ASSETS

Certain deposits placed with banks were used as pledged assets for the Group’s bank borrowings and bank
notes as well as loan facilitation services. Certain finance receivables were used as pledge for the borrowings and
securitization transactions. For more details, please refer to the Note 21 and Note 28 to the consolidated financial
statements.

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2025, we did not have any contingent liabilities (December 31, 2024: nil).




36    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

OUR DIRECTORS

The biography of each Director is set out below.

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang, aged 50, is the Chairman of the Board, an executive Director and the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company. He is also the chairman of the Nomination Committee as well as a member of the
Remuneration Committee of the Company. Mr. Zhang also acts as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.
Mr. Zhang founded the Group in December 2013. He is responsible for the overall strategic planning and business
direction of the Group and daily management of the Company. Mr. Zhang has over 25 years of operational and
managerial experience with both multinational and local Chinese companies across internet, automobile and finance
industries. Mr. Zhang also held numerous positions in Bitauto since 2006 and has been the executive director and
chief executive officer since January 2018.

Mr. Zhang obtained his bachelor’s degree in finance and accounting from New York University Stern School of
Business in 1999. Mr. Zhang has also been granted as a certified public accountant by the Education Department of
New York State, United States in 2003.

Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, aged 54, has been an executive Director and the vice chairman of the Board since
February 27, 2025. Mr. Tsang has been the director of Hammer Capital (Hong Kong) Limited since 2014. Mr. Tsang
has 20 years of investment banking experience and also has strong expertise covering private sector clients in
China, in particular those in industry groups including technology, media, real estate, financial institution, alternate
energy, Internet, consumer and retail, hospitality, gaming and education.

Mr. Tsang graduated from the University of New South Wales, Australia with a Bachelor of Commerce degree in
Accounting and Finance.

Mr. Dong Jiang, aged 54, was an executive Director, our Joint President and a director of certain subsidiaries of
the Company until March 5, 2026. He joined the Company in March 2015 and was the chief operating officer of
the Company from June 2017 to December 2017. Mr. Jiang is primarily responsible for overseeing the day-to-day
operations of the Company. On January 2, 2024, Mr. Jiang was appointed as the chief executive officer of Yusheng.
Prior to joining our Group, from February 2011 to March 2015, Mr. Jiang was group deputy manager of China Grand
Automotive Services Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600297). From
January 2008 to January 2010, he was senior vice president of China Auto Rental Inc. (now known as CAR Inc.), a
company previously listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 699).

Mr. Jiang obtained his bachelor’s degree in aquaculture from Dalian Ocean University in July 1993 and master’s
degree in business administration from Peking University in July 2011.

Mr. Zhi Gao, aged 53, joined our Group in September 2016. Mr. Gao was appointed as our Joint President on
March 24, 2022, and has become an executive Director and our President since March 5, 2026. He is also a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Company and is primarily responsible for managing auto finance operations
of our Group. Mr. Gao previously served as our Chief Operating Officer and vice president of operations. Prior to
joining our Group, Mr. Gao was employed at Swire Coca-Cola Beverages Hubei Limited from April 2013 to August
2016, serving as deputy general manager prior to his departure.

Mr. Gao graduated from the chemical engineering department of Dalian Institute of Light Industry (大連輕工業學院)
(currently known as Dalian Polytechnic University) in July 1993. He also received his executive master’s degree in
business administration from Dalian University of Technology in June 2015.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   37
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. Wai Yip Tsang, aged 57, is a non-executive Director since May 2025. Mr. Tsang has been a director of
Tencent Music Entertainment Group (騰訊音樂娛樂集團), a company listed on New York Stock Exchange (stock
ticker: TME) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1698), since February 2025, and currently serves as the financial
controller of Tencent, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0700). Prior to
joining Tencent in 2014, Mr. Tsang began his career at PricewaterhouseCoopers and subsequently held senior
financial positions, including chief financial officer or group financial controller at several companies listed on the
Main Board of the Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange, and served as a director of a company listed
on the New Zealand Stock Exchange.

Mr. Tsang is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, as well as a
member of CPA Australia. He holds a Bachelor of Arts (Honors) in Accountancy. Mr. Tsang possesses extensive
experience in audit, accounting, investor relations, and corporate finance, including initial public offerings,
restructuring, and mergers and acquisitions activities.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Tin Fan Yuen, aged 73, is an independent non-executive Director, chairman of the Remuneration Committee
and a member of the Audit Committee. Mr. Yuen joined our Group in June 2017 and was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director on November 6, 2017. He was formerly chief executive of the Stock Exchange
from October 1988 to October 1991, deputy chairman and executive director of the Pacific Century Group from
1996 to 2006, deputy chairman and executive director of PCCW Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 8), from August 1999 to June 2006, executive chairman of Pacific Century Insurance
Holdings Limited (now known as FTL Asia Holdings Limited), a company previously listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 65), from June 1999 to July 2007, independent non-executive director of China Foods
Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 506), from July 1993 to August
2017 and independent non-executive director of Agricultural Bank of China Limited, a company listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1288) and the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 601288), from
March 2013 to August 2019.

Mr. Yuen currently holds positions in the following publicly listed companies:

•      Pacific Century Regional Developments Limited, a company listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited (stock
       code: P15), as an independent non-executive deputy chairman since February 2015 and was redesignated as
       the deputy chairman, non-executive non-independent director with effect from April 16, 2024; and

•      Shanghai Industrial Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
       code: 363), as an independent non-executive director since July 2016.




38    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                               DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Yuen obtained his bachelor of arts degree in economics from the University of Chicago in June 1975. He is the
chairman of the board of trustees of the Hong Kong Centre for Economic Research, chairman of the board of Ortus
Capital Management Limited, and a trustee emeritus of University of Chicago and a trustee of Fudan University.

Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok, aged 62, is an independent non-executive Director, chairman of the Audit Committee
and a member of the Nomination Committee. Mr. Kwok joined our Group in June 2017 and was appointed as
an independent non-executive Director on November 6, 2017. On November 6, 2024, Mr. Kwok was appointed
as an independent non-executive director, a member of the audit committee, the nomination committee and
the remuneration committee of Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 337)). Since April 29, 2021, Mr. Kwok was appointed as an independent
non-executive director, a member of the audit committee and the nomination and remuneration committee of SF
REIT Asset Management Limited, the manager of SF Real Estate Investment Trust which was listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on May 17, 2021 (stock code: 2191). Since January 2016, Mr. Kwok has been an
independent non-executive director and a member of the audit committee and investment committee of Henderson
Sunlight Asset Management Limited (“Henderson Sunlight”), the manager of Sunlight Real Estate Investment Trust
which was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 435). With effect from November 1, 2018,
Mr. Kwok was appointed as a member of the remuneration and nomination committee of Henderson Sunlight.

While in the banking industry, Mr. Kwok served in a senior capacity in a number of international financial institutions,
including Credit Suisse and Standard Chartered Bank.

Mr. Kwok obtained his bachelor of arts degree from the University of Cambridge in June 1985. He is a fellow of the
Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors.

Ms. Lily Li Dong, aged 55, is an independent non-executive Director, a member of the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Ms. Dong joined our Group in June 2017 and was
appointed as independent non-executive Director on November 6, 2017. Since May 20, 2021, Ms. Dong was
appointed as an independent non-executive director, chairwoman of the audit committee, a member of the
remuneration committee and the nomination committee of Angelalign Technology Inc., a company listed on the Main
Board of the Stock Exchange on June 16, 2021 (stock code: 6699). Ms. Dong carried these roles until April 3, 2023
when she was re-designated to be an executive director and appointed as the chief financial officer of Angelalign
Technology Inc. Ms. Dong was also an independent director of Telink Semiconductor (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (泰凌微
電子(上海)股份有限公司) from January 5, 2021 to December 29, 2023. It was listed on the Science and Technology
Innovation Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688591) on August 16, 2023. Ms. Dong was an
independent non-executive director of 58.com Inc., a company previously listed on the NYSE (stock code: WUBA)
from April 2020 to September 2020. Prior to that, she served as chief financial officer at RDA Microelectronics,
Inc., a fabless semiconductor company previously listed on Nasdaq Global Select Market (stock code: RDA),
from November 2007 to July 2015, and was its director from January 2014 to July 2015. Ms. Dong worked for
Hewlett-Packard in China since 1992, and was the finance operations manager of Hewlett-Packard Technology
(Shanghai) Co., Ltd. when she left in 2005.

Ms. Dong obtained her bachelor’s degree in economics from the Nanjing University of Science and Technology in
July 1992 and her executive master’s degree in business administration from China Europe International Business
School in November 2004. She is an accountant recognized by the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of
China in October 1994.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   39
DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim, aged 64, has been an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit
Committee since February 27, 2025. Mr. Yim has over 30 years of experience in financial auditing. Mr. Yim joined
Ernst & Young in February 1991 and subsequently held various audit positions at Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young
Hua Ming LLP (or its predecessor, as the case may be) until he became an audit partner of such entities in July
2004. Mr. Yim served as an audit partner until December 2021 when he retired from all of such entities. Mr. Yim
is an independent non-executive director of Breton Technology Co., Ltd. (博雷頓科技股份公司), a company listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on May 7, 2025 (stock code: 1333), Beijing Tong Ren Tang Healthcare
Investment Co., Ltd. (北京同仁堂醫養投資股份有限公司) and Neurodawn Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. since April 2024,
June 2024 and September 2025, respectively. Mr. Yim had been an independent non-executive director of Guotai
Junan Securities Co., Ltd. (國泰君安証券股份有限公司), a company listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock
code: 601211) and Hong Kong Stock Exchange (stock code: 2611), from May 2023 to April 2025. Mr. Yim received
a Bachelor’s Degree in Social Science from the University of Hong Kong in November 1984. Mr. Yim has been a
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since April 1988, and a fellow member of the
Association of Chartered Certified Accountants in the United Kingdom since June 1993.

OUR SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. Rui Song, aged 52, joined our Group in January 2019. Mr. Song has been appointed as our Chief Operating
Officer since March 24, 2022, and is primarily responsible for managing auto finance operations of our Group. Mr.
Song previously served as our senior vice president. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Song was employed at DIFU
Holding Group Co., Ltd. from 2017 to 2018, serving as general manager of DIFU Holding Group Co., Ltd. prior to
his departure. Mr. Song was employed at Coca Cola Industries Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. from 1996 to
2017, serving as a sales director of Coca Cola Bottling Plant.

Mr. Song graduated from the foreign languages department of Lanzhou University in July 1995.

Mr. Xiaoguang Yang, aged 50, joined our Group in June 2020 as our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining our
Group, Mr. Yang served as the chief financial officer and a director of Wacai Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (挖財
網絡技術有限公司). Prior to that, Mr. Yang served at Fullerton Credit Services of Fullerton Financial Holdings Pte.
Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Temasek Holdings Pte. Ltd., Singapore, from 2014 to 2016 as chief financial
officer, responsible for corporate finance, equity financing and legal affairs. Mr. Yang also held financial management
positions in Far East Horizon Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
3360) and GE Capital of General Electric Company, a company listed on the NYSE (NYSE: GE).

Mr. Yang holds a bachelor’s degree from Nankai University and a master’s degree in business administration from
Arizona State University.




*     for identification purposes only


40    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                            DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT




COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Man Wah Cheng is the Company Secretary. Mr. Cheng is a Certified Public Accountant of the HKICPA, a
fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, and a Chartered Accountant of Singapore (CA
(Singapore)) with the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants. Additionally, he is a Gemini Certified Educator
recognized by Google for Education. Mr. Cheng has over 20 years of experience in accounting, finance, taxation
and corporate secretarial fields.

CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF THE DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, subsequent to the date of the 2025 interim report of the Company
and up to the date of this annual report, changes in information of Directors are set out below:

Name of Director                Details of Change                                                     Effective Date


Mr. Dong Jiang                  Resigned as an executive Director and the Joint President              March 5, 2026
                                  of the Company
Mr. Zhi Gao                     Appointed as an executive Director and the President                   March 5, 2026
                                  of the Company
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim          Appointed as an independent non-executive director of               September 2025
                                  Neurodawn Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

Save for the information disclosed above, there is no other information required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   41
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board presents its report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year
ended December 31, 2025.

GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on November 19, 2014 as an exempted limited liability
company under the Cayman Companies Law. The Company adopted and carries on business in Hong Kong under
the name of “Yixin Automotive Technology Group Limited”.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Group is principally engaged in the operation of an online automobile finance transaction platform in China.
The Group operates its business in two segments: (i) transaction platform business, where we primarily facilitate
auto loans to consumers offered by our auto finance partners; and (ii) self-operated financing business, where we
primarily provide consumers with auto finance solutions through financing leases.

The analysis of the Group’s revenues and contribution to results by business segments and the Group’s revenues
by geographical areas of operations are set out in Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group during the Reporting Period and a discussion on the Group’s future
business development are set out in the “Chairman’s Statement” and the “Management Discussion and Analysis”
sections of this annual report. Particulars of important events affecting the Group that have occurred during the
Reporting Period are included in the abovementioned sections. Also, the financial risk management objectives and
policies of the Group can be found in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s
performance during the Reporting Period using financial key performance indicators is provided in the “Management
Discussion and Analysis” and “Five-Year Financial Summary” sections of this annual report. Description of principal
risks and uncertainties that the Group may be facing can be found in the “Chairman’s Statement”, “Management
Discussion and Analysis” and “Risks relating to the New Contractual Arrangements” sections of this annual report.

In addition, discussions on the Group’s environmental policies and performance, including compliance with the
relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group, and relationships with its key stakeholders
(including employees, customers and suppliers and others) are included in the section headed “Major Customers and
Suppliers” and the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report, as well as in the “Environmental,
Social and Governance Report and Climate Information Disclosures Report 2025” of the Company. All the review,
discussions and analysis mentioned above form part of this annual report.

RESULTS

The results of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the consolidated income statement of
this annual report.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK10.0 cents per Share and a special dividend
of HK4.0 cents per Share for the year ended December 31, 2025 to Shareholders whose names appear on the
register of members of the Company on Tuesday, May 26, 2026. The total amount of the proposed final and special
dividends is estimated to be approximately HK$950.2 million (equivalent to approximately RMB838.6 million) based
on 6,787,178,701 Shares as at the date of this annual report. The Shareholders are reminded that there is no
assurance that a dividend will be proposed or declared in any subsequent periods. The Board will continue to review
and assess from time to time in accordance with the dividend policy of the Company to determine whether any
dividend payment will be proposed or declared in the future.




42    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




The recommended final dividend of HK10.0 cents per Share and a special dividend of HK4.0 cents per Share will be
considered at the Annual General Meeting.

There was no arrangement under which any Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend during the
Reporting Period.

SHARE CAPITAL

Details of movements in the share capital of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in
Note 22 to the consolidated financial statements.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, 233,550,189 new Shares were issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share
Option Scheme as a result of the exercise of share options by option holders and no Shares were issued pursuant
to the First Share Award Scheme as a result of the grant or vesting of share awards, and 29,500,000 Shares were
issued pursuant to the 2024 Share Scheme as a result of the exercise of share options by option holders.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not hold or sell any treasury Shares.

RESERVES

As at December 31, 2025, the Company had distributable reserves amounting to RMB17,513,795,000 (2024:
RMB18,672,568,000).

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025 are
set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 124 to 125 and in Note 36 to the consolidated
financial statements, respectively.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property and equipment of the Group during the year ended December 31, 2025 are
set out in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.

SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 38 to the consolidated financial statements.

DEBENTURES AND BORROWINGS

As at December 31, 2025, our total borrowings were RMB31.3 billion, compared to RMB26.9 billion as at December
31, 2024. Total borrowings comprised (i) asset-backed securities and notes of RMB11.7 billion; and (ii) bank
loans and borrowings from other institutions of RMB19.6 billion as at December 31, 2025. Details of the Group’s
borrowings are set out in Note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

Save for the issuance of the medium-term notes and the sustainability-linked U.S. dollar-denominated bond in
July 2025 and the issuance of the asset-backed notes in November 2025 (as disclosed in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis – Borrowings and Source of Funds”) and otherwise disclosed in this annual
report, the Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period (2024: the issuance of the offshore bond
in December 2024 (as disclosed in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Borrowings and
Source of Funds”).




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   43
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DONATIONS

During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group made charitable donations amounted to RMB124,700 (2024:
RMB164,400).

SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the condensed consolidated results and financial positions of the Group for the last five financial years
is set out on page 224 of this annual report.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the year ended December 31, 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or
redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale or transfer of treasury Shares, if any).

EMOLUMENT POLICY AND DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

In compliance with the CG Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, the Company has established the
Remuneration Committee to formulate remuneration policies. The remuneration is determined and recommended
based on each Director’s and senior management personnel’s qualification, position and seniority. As for the
independent non-executive Directors, their remuneration is determined by the Board upon recommendation from
the Remuneration Committee. The Directors and the senior management personnel are eligible participants of the
Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the First Share Award Scheme, the Second Share Award Scheme and the 2024
Share Scheme (as defined below). Details of the remuneration of the Directors, senior management and the five
highest paid individuals are set out in Note 33, Note 8(a) and Note 8(b), respectively, to the consolidated financial
statements.

None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any remuneration.

SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

The Company has the following share incentive schemes, namely the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the First Share
Award Scheme, the Second Share Award Scheme and the 2024 Share Scheme.

1.    Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

      The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Board on May 26, 2017, and amended
      on September 1, 2017.

      Purpose

      The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to promote the success and enhance the value of the
      Company, by linking the personal interests of the members of the Board, employees, consultants and other
      individuals to those of the Shareholders and, by providing such individuals with an incentive for outstanding
      performance, to generate superior returns to the Shareholders. The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is further
      intended to provide flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract and retain the services of
      recipients upon whose judgment, interest, and special effort the successful conduct of the Company’s
      operation is largely dependent.




44    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

1.   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Eligible participants

     Any employees, consultants, all members of the Board, and other individuals, as determined, authorized and
     approved by the Board or a committee authorised by the Board (the “Committee”).

     Maximum number of Shares

     The overall limit on the number of options to be granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is
     418,464,263 underlying Shares, after taking into account the Capitalization Issue.

     No further grants under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will be made after the Listing.

     As at December 31, 2025, outstanding options representing 1,550,659 underlying Shares were granted
     to eligible participants pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme. Details of the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme are set out in Note 24(a) to the consolidated financial statements.

     Maximum entitlement for each participant

     Under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of shares which
     may be granted to a single eligible participant.

     Remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

     The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme commenced on May 26, 2017 (the “Effective Date”) and shall be
     valid and effective for 10 years. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Pre-IPO Share
     Option Scheme is less than 4 years unless earlier terminated in accordance with its terms. Any options that
     are outstanding on the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date shall remain in force according to the terms
     of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the applicable award agreement between the Company and the
     participant.

     Consideration

     Nil consideration is required to be paid by the grantees for the grant of options under the Pre-IPO Share
     Option Scheme.

     Option period

     The term of any option granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme shall not exceed 10 years, subject
     to the Shareholders’ approval of extension of the exercise period for an option beyond 10 years from the date
     of grant. The Board shall also determine any conditions, if any, that must be satisfied before all, or part of the
     options may be exercised.

     The Board has the authority to determine the minimum period for which an option must be held before it
     can vest. The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme does not specify any minimum holding period or performance
     targets.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   45
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

1.   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme (Continued)

     Exercise price

     The exercise price per Share subject to an option shall be determined by the Committee and set forth in the
     award agreement and may be a fixed or variable price related to the fair market value of the Shares.

     Details of the movement of the options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme during the year are
     as follows:

                                                                                                         Number of options
                                                                                                                                                        Weighted
                                                                                                                                                         average
                                                                                                                                                    closing price
                                                                                                                                                     immediately
                                                                                                                                                       before the
                                                                              Outstanding                                              Outstanding exercise date
                                                                                     as at     Exercised     Cancelled        Lapsed          as at    during the
     Name or category of                        Exercise           Exercise    January 1,         during        during         during December 31,     Reporting
     option holders             Date of grant   period                price          2025       the year      the year       the year         2025 Period (HK$)


     Director and senior
       management
     Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang        July 3, 2017    10 years from     US$0.0014   168,464,000    (168,464,000)           –             –              –          0.76
                                                  date of grant
                                October 1, 2017 10 years from     US$0.0014    65,002,189     (65,002,189)           –             –              –          0.76
                                                  date of grant
     Mr. Zhifeng Jia (賈志峰)      July 3, 2017    10 years from     US$0.0014       700,000               –            –             –       700,000           N/A
                                                  date of grant

     Other grantees – Employees
     In aggregate               Between July    10 years from     US$0.0014       934,659         (84,000)           –             –       850,659           2.02
                                  3, 2017 and     date of grant
                                  October 1,
                                  2017


     Total                                                                    235,100,848    (233,550,189)           –             –      1,550,659


     Details of the fair value of the options at the date of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted
     are set out in Note 24(a) to the consolidated financial statements. Further details of the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme are set out in the Prospectus and Note 24(a) to the consolidated financial statements.




46   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

2.   First Share Award Scheme

     The First Share Award Scheme was adopted by written resolutions of the Shareholders on May 26, 2017,
     amended on September 1, 2017 and May 6, 2021, effective from the Listing Date. With effect from July
     9, 2024, the First Share Award Scheme, was terminated, upon which no further awards may be granted
     thereunder, while the awards already granted before the termination shall remain valid and continue to vest in
     accordance with the rules of the First Share Award Scheme and the relevant award agreement.

     Purpose

     The purpose of the First Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible participants with those of the
     Group through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase in
     value of the Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible participants to make contributions to the long-term
     growth and profits of the Group.

     Eligible participants

     Any employee, Director (including executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-
     executive Directors), officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent, business
     partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of the Group or any affiliate as the
     Board or its delegate(s) determine.

     Awards

     An award granted by the Board to eligible participants which may vest in the form of Shares or the actual
     selling price of the Shares in cash (“First Award Shares”).

     Granting of awards

     The Board may, from time to time, grant awards to any eligible participant who the Board considers to have
     contributed or will contribute to the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, nil consideration is required to be
     paid by the eligible participants for the grant of awards under the First Share Award Scheme.

     Each grant of an award to any Director or the chairman of the Company shall be subject to the prior approval
     of the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any independent non-executive Director who is a
     proposed recipient of the grant of an award). The Company will comply with the relevant requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for any grant of Shares to connected persons of the Company.

     Maximum number of Shares available for grant

     The aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the First Share Award Scheme
     (excluding First Award Shares granted which have been forfeited in accordance with the First Share Award
     Scheme) will not exceed 285,250,982 Shares without further Shareholders’ approval.

     As at December 31, 2025, 341,217,576 First Award Shares had been granted or agreed to be granted under
     the First Share Award Scheme and the trustee has applied Shares held under the First Share Award Scheme
     which were unallocated or forfeited pursuant to the First Share Award Scheme to partly satisfy the awards
     granted.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   47
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

2.   First Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Vesting of awards

     The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the First Share Award Scheme is in force and
     subject to all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the share awards
     to be vested. The share awards granted or agreed to be granted under the First Share Award Scheme as at
     December 31, 2025 would vest on specific dates, or in equal tranches from the date of grant over two to four
     years, on condition that the employees remain in service without any performance requirements.

     To satisfy the awards, the Company shall (i) issue and allot Shares to the trustee under the specific mandate
     sought from Shareholders at general meeting and/or (ii) transfer to the trustee the necessary funds and
     instruct the trustee to acquire Shares through on-market transactions at the prevailing market price.

     Details of the First Award Shares granted under the First Share Award Scheme and their movements during
     the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                      Number of Awards
                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                   average
                                                                                                                                                    closing
                                                                                                                                                       price
                                                                                                                                    Closing    immediately
                                                                                                                                       price     before the
                                                                                                                    Purchase    immediately    vesting date
                                   Unvested                         Cancelled/                  Unvested             price of     before the     during the
     Name or                           as at   Granted      Vested    forfeited      Lapsed         as at              share         date of     Reporting
     category        Date of      January 1,     during      during      during       during December 31,   Vesting   awards           grant         Period
     of grantee      grant             2025    the year    the year    the year     the year        2025      date     (HK$)          (HK$)           (HK$)


     Other grantees –
        Employees
     In aggregate     14-Sep-21   6,475,928           – (6,355,101)            –    (120,827)          – 31-Aug-25          –          1.69            3.17




48   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

2.           First Share Award Scheme (Continued)

             Vesting of awards (Continued)

                                                                    Number of Awards
                                                                                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                                                                                          average
                                                                                                                                                           closing
                                                                                                                                           Closing            price
                                                                                                                                              price   immediately
                                                                                                                           Purchase    immediately      before the
                               Unvested                           Cancelled/                       Unvested                 price of     before the   vesting date
Name or                            as at   Granted        Vested    forfeited           Lapsed         as at                  share         date of     during the
category          Date of     January 1,     during        during      during            during December 31,       Vesting   awards           grant            year
of grantee        grant            2025    the year      the year    the year          the year        2025          date     (HK$)          (HK$)           (HK$)


In aggregate      22-Dec-21     357,860           –      (107,860)            –        (250,000)            –    31-Aug-25         –          1.24            3.17


In aggregate      19-Apr-22     630,000           –      (630,000)            –               –             –    31-Aug-25         –          0.82            3.17


In aggregate      20-Sep-22   20,500,000          –   (20,500,000)            –               –             –    31-Mar-25         –          0.92            1.98
                  20-Sep-22      827,500          –      (452,500)            –        (375,000)            –    31-Aug-25         –          0.92            3.17


Sub-total                     21,327,500          –   (20,952,500)            –        (375,000)            –


In aggregate      14-Mar-23    1,100,000          –    (1,060,000)            –         (40,000)            –    31-Aug-25         –          1.10            3.17
                  14-Mar-23    1,100,000          –             –             –         (40,000)    1,060,000    31-Aug-26         –          1.10             N/A


Sub-total                      2,200,000          –    (1,060,000)            –         (80,000)    1,060,000


In aggregate      9-May-24      520,000           –             –             –        (520,000)            –    31-Aug-25         –          0.68             N/A
                  9-May-24      520,000           –             –             –        (520,000)            –    31-Aug-26         –          0.68             N/A
                  9-May-24      520,000           –             –             –        (520,000)            –    31-Aug-27         –          0.68             N/A


Sub-total                      1,560,000          –             –             –   (1,560,000)               –                                                  N/A


Total                         32,551,288          –   (29,105,461)            –   (2,385,827)       1,060,000                                                 2.33




                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED            49
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

2.   First Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Maximum entitlement for each participant

     Under the First Share Award Scheme, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of Shares which may
     be granted to a single eligible participant but unvested thereunder.

     Remaining life of the First Share Award Scheme

     The First Share Award Scheme was adopted by written resolutions of the Shareholders on May 26, 2017 and
     shall be valid and effective for 10 years. As at the date of this annual report, the First Share Award Scheme
     has been terminated in accordance with its terms.

     Details of the fair value of the First Award Shares granted under the First Share Award Scheme at the date of
     grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted are set out in Note 24(b) to the consolidated financial
     statements.

     Termination

     The First Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of:

     (a)     the end of the period of ten years commencing on the earlier of the passing of a Shareholders’
             resolution approving the adoption of the First Share Award Scheme or the Listing Date except in
             respect of any non-vested First Award Shares granted hereunder prior to the expiration of the First
             Share Award Scheme, for the purpose of giving effect to the vesting of such First Award Shares or
             otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the First Share Award Scheme; and

     (b)     such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall
             not affect any subsisting rights of any selected participant under the rules of the First Share Award
             Scheme, provided further that for the avoidance of doubt, the change in the subsisting rights of a
             selected participant in this paragraph refers solely to any change in the rights in respect of the First
             Award Shares already granted to a selected participant.

     The Board determined that, conditional upon and with effect from the 2024 Share Scheme taking effect
     on July 9, 2024, the First Share Award Scheme was terminated. After the termination of the First Share
     Award Scheme, no further awards may be granted thereunder, while the awards already granted before the
     termination shall remain valid and continue to vest in accordance with the rules of the First Share Award
     Scheme and the relevant award agreement.

     Further details of the First Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus, the circular of the Company
     dated June 11, 2024 and Note 24(b) to the consolidated financial statements.




50   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

3.   Second Share Award Scheme

     The Second Share Award Scheme was adopted by written resolutions of all the Shareholders on September
     1, 2017 and effective from the Listing Date.

     Purpose

     The purpose of the Second Share Award Scheme is to align the interests of eligible participants with those of
     the Group through ownership of Shares, dividends and other distributions paid on Shares and/or the increase
     in value of the Shares, and to encourage and retain eligible participants to make contributions to the long-
     term growth and profits of the Group.

     Eligible participants

     Any employee, director (including executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive
     Directors), officer, consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent, business partner,
     joint venture business partner or service provider of any member of the Group or any affiliate as the Board or
     its delegate(s) determine.

     Awards

     An award granted by the Board to eligible participants which may vest in the form of Shares or the actual
     selling price of the Shares in cash (“Second Award Shares”).

     Granting of awards

     The Board may, from time to time, grant awards to any eligible participant who the Board considers to have
     contributed or will contribute to the Group. For the avoidance of doubt, nil consideration is required to be
     paid by the eligible participants for the grant of awards under the Second Share Award Scheme.

     Each grant of an award to any Director or the chairman of the Company shall be subject to the prior approval
     of the independent non-executive Directors (excluding any independent non-executive Director who is a
     proposed recipient of the grant of an award). The Company will comply with the relevant requirements under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for any grant of Shares to connected persons of the Company.

     To satisfy the awards, the Company may transfer to the trustee the necessary funds and instruct the trustee
     to acquire Shares through on-market transactions at the prevailing market price.

     Maximum number of Shares available for grant

     The aggregate number of Shares underlying all grants made pursuant to the Second Share Award Scheme
     (excluding Second Award Shares which have been forfeited in accordance with the Second Share Award
     Scheme) will not exceed 5% of the total number of issued Shares without Shareholders’ approval, subject to
     an annual limit of 3% of the total number of issued Shares at the relevant time.

     As at December 31, 2025, 87,976,956 Second Award Shares had been granted or agreed to be granted
     under the Second Share Award Scheme.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   51
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

3.          Second Share Award Scheme (Continued)

            Vesting of awards

            The Board or its delegate(s) may from time to time while the Second Share Award Scheme is in force and
            subject to all applicable laws, determine such vesting criteria and conditions or periods for the share awards
            to be vested. The share awards granted or agreed to be granted under the Second Share Award Scheme as
            at December 31, 2025 would vest on specific dates, or in equal tranches from the date of grant over two to
            four years, on condition that the employees remain in service without any performance requirements.

            Details of the Second Award Shares granted under the Second Share Award Scheme and their movements
            during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                                                                   Number of Awards
                                                                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                                                                    average
                                                                                                                                               closing price
                                                                                                                                               immediately
                                                                                                                                                 before the
                                                                                                                     Purchase    Closing price vesting date
                                  Unvested                           Cancelled/                Unvested               price of    immediately during the
Name or                               as at   Granted        Vested    forfeited    Lapsed         as at                share       before the Reporting
category of         Date of      January 1,     during        during      during     during December 31,     Vesting   awards    date of grant       Period
grantee             grant             2025    the year      the year    the year   the year        2025        date     (HK$)            (HK$)        (HK$)


Director
Mr. Dong Jiang      20-Sep-22     5,000,000          –    (5,000,000)          –         –             –   31-Mar-25         –           0.92          1.98


Other
   grantees –
   Employees
In aggregate        14-Sep-21       445,000          –      (445,000)          –         –             –   31-Aug-25      1.69              –          3.17
                    22-Dec-21     1,000,000          –    (1,000,000)          –         –             –   31-Aug-25      1.24              –          3.17
                    20-Sep-22     4,500,000          –    (4,500,000)          –         –             –   31-Mar-25      0.92              –          1.98


Sub-total                         5,945,000          –    (5,945,000)          –         –             –


Total                            10,945,000          –   (10,945,000)          –         –             –                                               2.08


There were no grants made under the Second Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period.

            Maximum entitlement for each participant

            Under the Second Share Award Scheme, there is no specific limit on the maximum number of Shares which
            may be granted to a single eligible participant but unvested thereunder.




52          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

3.   Second Share Award Scheme (Continued)

     Remaining life of the Second Share Award Scheme

     The Second Share Award Scheme was adopted by written resolutions of the Shareholders on September 1,
     2017 and shall be valid and effective for 10 years. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of
     the Second Share Award Scheme is less than 4 years unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.

     Termination

     The Second Share Award Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of:

     (a)    the end of the period of ten years commencing on the earlier of the passing of a Shareholders’
            resolution approving the adoption of the Second Share Award Scheme or the Listing Date except
            in respect of any non-vested Second Award Shares granted hereunder prior to the expiration of the
            Second Share Award Scheme, for the purpose of giving effect to the vesting of such Second Award
            Shares or otherwise as may be required in accordance with the provisions of the Second Share Award
            Scheme; and

     (b)    such date of early termination as determined by the Board provided that such termination shall not
            affect any subsisting rights of any selected participant under the rules of the Second Share Award
            Scheme, provided further that for the avoidance of doubt, the change in the subsisting rights of a
            selected participant in this paragraph refers solely to any change in the rights in respect of the Second
            Award Shares already granted to a selected participant.

     Details of the fair value of the Second Award Shares granted under the Second Share Award Scheme at the
     date of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted are set out in Note 24(b) to the consolidated
     financial statements.

     Further details of the Second Share Award Scheme are set out in the Prospectus and Note 24(b) to the
     consolidated financial statements.

4.   2024 Share Scheme

     The Company has adopted the 2024 Share Scheme pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed by the
     Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company. The 2024 Share Scheme allows the
     Company to broaden the types of equity incentives it can utilize by allowing the grant of both share awards
     and share options.

     Purpose

     The purpose of the 2024 Share Scheme is (i) to provide the Company with flexible means of remunerating,
     incentivizing, retaining, rewarding, compensating and/or providing benefits to eligible participants; (ii) to align
     the interests of eligible participants with those of the Company and Shareholders by providing such eligible
     participants with the opportunity to acquire shareholding interests in the Company; and (iii) to encourage
     eligible participants to contribute to the long-term growth and profitability of the Company and to enhance
     the value of the Company and its Shares for the benefit of the Company and Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   53
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

4.   2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

     Awards

     An award (the “Award”) may take the form of a share award or a share option, which shall be funded by
     award shares.

     Eligible Participants

     Eligible participants under the 2024 Share Scheme shall include: (i) employee participants, namely, any
     person who is an employee (whether full-time or part-time), director or officer of any member of the Group,
     including persons who are granted Awards under the 2024 Share Scheme as an inducement to enter into
     employment contracts with any member of the Group; provided that a person shall not cease to be an
     employee in the case of (a) any leave of absence approved by the relevant member of the Group; or (b) any
     transfer of employment among members of the Group or any successor, and provided further that a person
     shall, for the avoidance of doubt, cease to be an employee with effect from (and including) the date of
     termination of his/her employment; and (ii) related entity participants, namely, any person who is an employee
     (whether full-time or part-time), director or officer of (a) a holding company of the Company, (b) subsidiaries
     of the holding company other than members of the Group, or (c) an associated company of the Company.

     Maximum number of Shares

     The scheme mandate limit, namely, the total number of Award shares which may be issued pursuant to all
     Awards to be granted under the 2024 Share Scheme together with the number of Shares which may be
     issued pursuant to all options and awards to be granted under any other share schemes of the Company,
     shall initially be the number of Shares representing 10% of the total issued Shares (excluding any treasury
     Shares) as at the date on which the 2024 Share Scheme is first adopted by the Shareholders, being
     652,406,551 Shares.

     Maximum entitlement for each participant

     There is no specific maximum entitlement for each eligible participant under the 2024 Share Scheme. Unless
     approved by the Shareholders in the manner set out in the rules relating to the 2024 Share Scheme, the total
     number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of Awards granted and to be granted under the
     2024 Share Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company to each eligible participant (including both
     exercised and outstanding share options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the total number
     of Shares in issue (excluding any treasury Shares). Any grant of Awards to any Director, chief executive or
     Substantial Shareholder, or any of their respective associates, shall be subject to the prior approval of the
     Remuneration Committee (excluding any proposed recipient of the grant) and the independent non-executive
     Directors of the Company (excluding any proposed recipient of the grant).

     Remaining life of the 2024 Share Scheme

     The term of the 2024 Share Scheme is 10 years commencing on the date on which the 2024 Share Scheme
     is approved by the Shareholders and up to June 26, 2034, unless terminated earlier. The remaining life of the
     2024 Share Scheme is approximately over 9 years.




54   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

4.   2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

     Granting of share awards and share options

     An Award granted under the 2024 Share Scheme may take the form of a share award or a share option,
     which shall be funded by new Shares (including treasury Shares) underlying such award.

     Exercise period

     Subject to the vesting of the share options, the exercise period for share options shall not be longer than 10
     years from the grant date. A share option shall lapse automatically and shall not be exercisable (to the extent
     not already exercised) on the expiry of the tenth anniversary from the grant date.

     Vesting period

     The vesting date in respect of any Award shall be not less than 12 months from the grant date. The
     consideration for the grant of share options is nil.

     Issue price and exercise price

     The issue price for Awards which take the form of share awards shall be such price determined by the
     scheme administrator and notified to the grantee in the Award letter. For the avoidance of doubt, the scheme
     administrator may determine the issue price to be at nil consideration. The scheme administrator shall
     determine the exercise price for such share options in which it shall in any event be no less than the higher
     of: (i) the closing price of the shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange on
     the grant date; and (ii) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued
     by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the grant date.

     Acceptance

     The scheme administrator may determine the amount (if any) payable on application or acceptance of an
     Award and the period within which any such payments must be made, which amounts (if any) and periods
     shall be set out in the Award letter. Unless otherwise specified in the Award letter, the grantee shall have 20
     business days from the grant date to accept the Award, following which, the portion not accepted by the
     grantee shall automatically lapse.

     Termination

     The 2024 Share Scheme shall terminate on the earlier of (a) the 10th anniversary of the date on which the
     2024 Share Scheme is approved by the Shareholders; and (b) such date of early termination as determined
     by the Board, provided that notwithstanding such termination, the 2024 Share Scheme and the scheme rules
     shall continue to be valid and effective to the extent necessary to give effect to the vesting and exercise of
     any Awards granted prior to the termination of the 2024 Share Scheme and such termination shall not affect
     any subsisting rights already granted to any grantee thereunder.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   55
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

4.          2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

            Details of the share options granted under the 2024 Share Scheme and their movements during the Reporting
            Period are as follows:

                                                                                                                            Number of options
                                                                                                                                                                                            Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                             average
                                                                                                                                                                          Closing price closing price
                                                                                                                                                                           immediately immediately
                                                                                                                                                                             before the    before the
                                                                                                                                 Cancelled        Lapsed                        date of exercise date
                       Date of                                           Outstanding                 Granted        Exercised       during         during Outstanding            grant/    during the
Name or category       grant/                             Exercise              as at              during the       during the         the            the        as at      conditional    Reporting
of option              conditional Exercise                   price       January 1,               Reporting        Reporting    Reporting      Reporting December 31,            grant        Period
holders                grant       period                    (HK$)              2025                   Period           Period      Period         Period        2025            (HK$)          (HK$)

Directors
Mr. Andy               May 9,       7 years from the          0.70 117,000,000(1) and (2)                      –             –           –             –    117,000,000           0.68           N/A
  Xuan Zhang             2024         date of the
                                      conditional grant
                       March 25,    10 years from the        1.694                    – 101,363,921(3) and (5)               –           –             –    101,363,921          1.678           N/A
                         2025         date of grant

Mr. Dong               May 9,       10 years from             0.70        10,000,000(1)                        –             –           –             –     10,000,000           0.68           N/A
  Jiang                  2024         the date of the
                                      conditional grant

Mr. Zhi Gao             May 9,      10 years from              0.7        52,000,000(1)                        – (13,000,000)            –             –     39,000,000           0.68           2.51
  (appointed as an        2024        the date of the
  executive Director on               conditional grant
  March 5, 2026)
                        March 25,   10 years from the        1.694                    –     25,800,000(4) and (5)            –           –             –     25,800,000          1.678           N/A
                          2025        date of grant

Sub-total                                                                 179,000,000            127,163,921 (13,000,000)                –             –    293,163,921

Other Employee
   Participants
In aggregate           May 9,       10 years from             0.70        71,000,000(1)                        – (16,500,000)            –             –     54,500,000           0.68           2.51
                         2024         the date of the
                                      conditional grant
In aggregate           March 25,    10 years from the        1.694                    –          24,000,000(5)               –           –             –     24,000,000          1.678           N/A
                         2025         date of grant

Total                                                                     250,000,000            151,163,921 (29,500,000)                –             –    371,663,921                          2.51




56          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

4.   2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

     Note 1: On May 9, 2024, conditional upon the 2024 Share Scheme taking effect, the Company proposed to grant: (a) a total of
             117,000,000 share options under the 2024 Share Scheme to Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang, which was also conditional upon the approval
             of Shareholders; (b) a total of 10,000,000 share options under the 2024 Share Scheme to Mr. Dong Jiang; and (c) a total of
             123,000,000 share options under the 2024 Share Scheme to the employee participants. Following the approval of the 2024 Share
             Scheme at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on June 27, 2024, the Listing Committee granted approval for the
             listing of, and permission to deal in, the Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to share options or awards granted under the
             2024 Share Scheme on July 9, 2024.

     Note 2: Following the 2024 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang, the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards
             granted to Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the applicable share scheme) in the
             12-month period up to and including the date of such grant exceeded the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing
             Rules. The 2024 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of
             the Company on June 27, 2024.

     Note 3: Following the 2025 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang, the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and
             awards granted to Mr. Zhang (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the applicable share scheme) in the
             12-month period up to and including the date of such grant exceeded the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing
             Rules. Furthermore, the 2025 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang (excluding the grant of Share Options) would result in the
             Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all awards granted to him (excluding any awards lapsed in accordance with the terms
             of the applicable scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant to Mr. Zhang representing in aggregate
             over 0.1% of the Shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) pursuant to Rule 17.04(2) of the Listing Rules. The 2025 Director
             Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on May 13,
             2025.

     Note 4: Following the 2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao, and taking into account the previous grant of Share Options to Mr. Zhi Gao
             under the 2024 Scheme on May 9, 2024, the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all options and awards granted to Mr.
             Gao (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the applicable share scheme) in the 12-month period up to and
             including the date of the 2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao exceeded the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1) of the Listing
             Rules. The 2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the
             Company on May 13, 2025.

     Note 5: The vesting of the Share Options granted by the Company during the Reporting Period is subject to the Company’s achievement of
             performance targets in relation to its adjusted net profits (non-IFRSs financial measures), with details disclosed in the announcement
             of the Company dated March 25, 2025.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED        57
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

4.          2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

            Details of the share awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme and their movements during the Reporting
            Period are as follows:

                                                                   Number of Awards
                                                                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                                                                                                        average
                                                                                                                                                   closing price
                                                                                                                                        Closing     immediately
                                                                                                                                           price      before the
                                                                                                                        Purchase    immediately     vesting date
                                                                     Cancelled/               Outstanding                price of     before the      during the
Name or                                        Granted       Vested    forfeited     Lapsed          as at                 share         date of      Reporting
category of                  Date of             during       during      during      during December 31,       Vesting   awards           grant          Period
grantee                      grant             the year     the year    the year    the year         2025         date     (HK$)          (HK$)            (HK$)

Director and senior
  management
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang          25-Mar-25       13,515,189           –            –           –     13,515,189   25-Mar-26         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       13,515,189           –            –           –     13,515,189   25-Mar-27         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       13,515,189           –            –           –     13,515,189   25-Mar-28         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       13,515,189           –            –           –     13,515,189   25-Mar-29         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       13,515,191           –            –           –     13,515,191   25-Mar-30         –         1.678             N/A

Sub-total                                   67,575,947(1)         –            –           –     67,575,947

Mr. Zhi Gao                  25-Mar-25        3,440,000           –            –           –      3,440,000   25-Mar-26         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25        3,440,000           –            –           –      3,440,000   25-Mar-27         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25        3,440,000           –            –           –      3,440,000   25-Mar-28         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25        3,440,000           –            –           –      3,440,000   25-Mar-29         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25        3,440,000           –            –           –      3,440,000   25-Mar-30         –         1.678             N/A

Sub-total                                   17,200,000(1)         –            –           –     17,200,000

Other grantees –
   Employees
In aggregate                 25-Mar-25       26,356,000           –     (120,000)   (688,000)    25,548,000   25-Mar-26         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       26,356,000           –     (120,000)   (688,000)    25,548,000   25-Mar-27         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       26,356,000           –     (120,000)   (688,000)    25,548,000   25-Mar-28         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       26,356,000           –     (120,000)   (688,000)    25,548,000   25-Mar-29         –         1.678             N/A
                             25-Mar-25       26,356,000           –     (120,000)   (688,000)    25,548,000   25-Mar-30         –         1.678             N/A

Sub-total                                  131,780,000(1)         –     (600,000) (3,440,000)   127,740,000




58          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                               REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

4.          2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

                                                                      Number of Awards
                                                                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                average
                                                                                                                                                           closing price
                                                                                                                                                Closing     immediately
                                                                                                                                                   price      before the
                                                                                                                                Purchase    immediately     vesting date
                                                                        Cancelled/               Outstanding                     price of     before the      during the
Name or                                         Granted         Vested    forfeited     Lapsed          as at                      share         date of      Reporting
category of                Date of                during         during      during      during December 31,            Vesting   awards           grant          Period
grantee                    grant                the year       the year    the year    the year         2025              date     (HK$)          (HK$)            (HK$)

Other grantees –
  Employees
                                                                                                                        (Note 2)
In aggregate               13-May-25             800,000             –            –           –        800,000        25-Mar-26         –         2.047             N/A
                           13-May-25             800,000             –            –           –        800,000        25-Mar-27         –         2.047             N/A
                           13-May-25             800,000             –            –           –        800,000        25-Mar-28         –         2.047             N/A
                           13-May-25             800,000             –            –           –        800,000        25-Mar-29         –         2.047             N/A
                           13-May-25             800,000             –            –           –        800,000        25-Mar-30         –         2.047             N/A

Sub-total                               4,000,000(1) and (2)         –            –           –     4,000,000(1)

Other grantees –
   Employees
In aggregate               2-Dec-25            1,600,000             –            –           –      1,600,000         2-Dec-26         –            2.4            N/A
                           2-Dec-25            1,600,000             –            –           –      1,600,000         2-Dec-27         –            2.4            N/A
                           2-Dec-25            1,600,000             –            –           –      1,600,000         2-Dec-28         –            2.4            N/A
                           2-Dec-25            1,600,000             –            –           –      1,600,000         2-Dec-29         –            2.4            N/A
                           2-Dec-25            1,600,000             –            –           –      1,600,000         2-Dec-30         –            2.4            N/A

Sub-total                                      8,000,000             –            –           –      8,000,000

Total                                       228,555,947              –     (600,000) (3,440,000)   224,515,947


Note 1: The vesting of the share awards granted by the Company during the Reporting Period is subject to the Company’s achievement of
        performance targets in relation to its adjusted net profit (non-IFRSs financial measures), with details disclosed in the announcements of the
        Company dated March 25, 2025 and May 13, 2025.

Note 2: Due to administrative reasons, the vesting period of 4,000,000 share awards granted to a grantee (who is an employee participant and not
        a Director nor a senior manager as defined in Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules) has been amended from “five equal installments on each of
        the first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date of the grant” to “five equal installments on March 25, 2026, 2027, 2028,
        2029 and 2030”, subject to the fulfilment of the relevant performance targets as disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated May
        13, 2025 (the “May 13 Announcement”). For the avoidance of doubt, such amendments are allowed under the rules of the 2024 Share
        Scheme. Details of the grants are set out in the May 13 Announcement.


Details of the fair value of the Share Options and share awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme at the date
of grant and the accounting standard and policy adopted are set out in Note 24(a) to the consolidated financial
statements.

Further details of the 2024 Share Scheme are set out in the circular of the Company dated June 11, 2024 and Note
24 to the consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED           59
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)

5.   Additional Information of the Share Schemes

     On the one hand, the grant of awards under the First Share Award Scheme may be satisfied by either new
     Shares or existing Shares, and the grant of awards (whether in the form of share awards or share options)
     under the 2024 Share Scheme may be satisfied by new Shares (including treasury Shares). On the other
     hand, the grant of awards under the Second Share Award Scheme may only be satisfied by existing Shares.

     As of January 1, 2024, the First Share Award Scheme was the share scheme of the Company involving the
     issue of new Shares. Following the approval of the 2024 Share Scheme at the extraordinary general meeting
     of the Company on June 27, 2024, and the 2024 Share Scheme Listing Approval, the First Share Award
     Scheme has been terminated and the 2024 Share Scheme has taken effect. As a result, for the Reporting
     Period, the 2024 Share Scheme has become the current share scheme of the Company involving the issue
     of new Shares. After the termination of the First Share Award Scheme, no further awards may be granted
     thereunder, while the awards already granted before the termination shall remain valid and continue to vest in
     accordance with the rules of the First Share Award Scheme and the relevant award agreement.

     In respect of the 2024 Share Scheme, the number of options and awards available for grant under the
     scheme mandate of the Company was 402,406,551 Shares as of January 1, 2025 and 22,686,683 Shares as
     of December 31, 2025.

     The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under the 2024 Share
     Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue
     (excluding any treasury Shares) for the Reporting Period is approximately 5.62%.

     As of January 1, 2025, 652,406,551 new Shares were available for issue under the scheme mandate of the
     2024 Share Scheme. As of December 31, 2025, 618,866,551 new Shares were available for issue under
     the scheme mandate of the 2024 Share Scheme. As of March 5, 2026 (the date of this annual report),
     618,566,551 new Shares were available for issue under the scheme mandate of the 2024 Share Scheme,
     representing approximately 9.11% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury Shares, if any) as of March 5,
     2026.




60   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes”, no equity-linked agreement was entered into
by the Group, or existed during the Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS

The Directors who held office during the year ended December 31, 2025 and up to the date of this annual report
are:

Executive Directors:

Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang (Vice Chairman) (appointed on February 27, 2025)
Mr. Dong Jiang (Joint President) (resigned on March 5, 2026)
Mr. Zhi Gao (President) (appointed on March 5, 2026

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. Qin Miao (resigned on January 13, 2025)
Mr. Qing Hua Xie (retired on May 12, 2025)
Ms. Amanda Chi Yan Chau (retired on May 12, 2025)
Mr. Wai Yip Tsang (appointed on May 13, 2025)

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. Tin Fan Yuen
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok
Ms. Lily Li Dong
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim (appointed on February 27, 2025)

Pursuant to paragraph 4(2) of Appendix A1 to the Listing Rules and Article 16.2 of the Articles of Association,
any Director so appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall hold office only until the
first annual general meeting of the Company after his appointment and shall then be eligible for re-election at that
meeting. Mr. Zhi Gao and Mr. Wai Yip Tsang who were appointed as an executive Director on March 5, 2026 and a
non-executive Director on May 13, 2025, respectively, shall hold office until the first general meeting of the Company
following their appointments, i.e. the Annual General Meeting and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election
at the Annual General Meeting.

Pursuant to Article 16.19 of the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors shall retire from office by rotation
at each annual general meeting of the Company and will be eligible for re-election at that meeting. Every Director
(including those appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
years. Accordingly, Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang and Mr. Tin Fan Yuen shall retire by rotation at the Annual General
Meeting and, all being eligible, offer themselves for re-election.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   61
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the Annual General Meeting has a service contract with any
member of the Group that is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation,
other than statutory compensation.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected Transactions”
below and Note 33 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group, neither the Directors nor any entity
connected with the Directors had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or
contracts of significance to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
was a party subsisting during or at the end of the year ended December 31, 2025.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Pursuant to the Articles of Association and subject to the applicable laws and regulations, every Director shall be
indemnified and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges,
losses, damages and expenses which he/she may incur or sustain by the execution of he/she duty in their offices or
otherwise in relation thereto. A permitted indemnity provision as required by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
is currently in force and was in force for the benefit of the Directors throughout the year ended December 31, 2025.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the Directors in connection with the discharge of their
responsibilities.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

Save for service contracts of the Directors, no contract concerning the management and administration of the whole
or any substantial part of the business of the Company was entered into by the Company or existed during the
Reporting Period.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in this annual report regarding the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the First Share Award Scheme,
the Second Share Award Scheme and the 2024 Share Scheme, at no time during the Reporting Period was the
Company or its holding company of any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to
enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or
any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any
right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any
such right.




62    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning
of Part XV of the SFO, which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
to the Model Code were as follows:

(i)   Interests in the Shares and underlying Shares

                                                                                       Number of Shares
                                                                                                          Number of                         Approximate
                                                                                                          underlying                         percentage
                                               Personal          Corporate                 Other              Shares               Total       of issued
      Name of Director                        interest(6)         interest(6)          interest(6)       interested(6)         interests        Shares(7)


      Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang                153,466,189 (L)    80,000,000 (L)(2)                        285,939,868 (L)(1)   519,406,057 (L)         7.65%
                                                            80,000,000 (S)(2)                                              80,000,000 (S)         1.18%
      Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang          113,871,952 (L)    65,425,748 (L)(3)   573,885,842 (L)(4)                   –    753,183,542 (L)        11.10%
      Mr. Dong Jiang                      28,657,810 (L)                                              10,000,000 (L)(5)    38,657,810 (L)         0.57%

      Notes:

      (1)      Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang’s entitlement to receive up to 218,363,921 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options as well as 67,575,947
               award Shares granted to him under the 2024 Share Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those
               options and awards.

      (2)      The corporate interest of Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang arises through his interest in INIPEAC Limited which is wholly-owned by Mr. Andy
               Xuan Zhang holds 80,000,000 Shares in long position and 80,000,000 Shares in short position.

      (3)      The corporate interest of Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang arises through his interest in each of HCM IV Limited and Hammer Capital
               Management Limited. HCM IV Limited which holds 3,318,738 Shares, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hammer Capital Management
               Limited. Hammer Capital Management Limited which also holds 62,107,010 Shares, is wholly-owned by Mr. Tsang Ling Kay
               Rodney. Accordingly, Mr. Tsang Ling Kay Rodney is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which HCM IV
               Limited and Hammer Capital Management Limited are interested under the SFO.

      (4)      The other interest of Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang arises through his deemed interest in the Shares pursuant to the Voting Agreement
               as defined under note 1 to the section headed “Substantial Shareholders’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
               Shares of the Company” of this annual report. Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV
               Limited, is entitled to the votes attached to 573,885,842 Shares. Accordingly, Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited,
               is deemed to be interested in such Shares under the SFO.

      (5)      Such interest represents the 10,000,000 Shares pursuant to the exercise of options granted to Mr. Dong Jiang under the 2024
               Share Scheme, subject to the conditions (including vesting conditions) of those options.

      (6)      The letters “L” and “S” denote long position and short position in such Shares or underlying Shares, respectively.

      (7)      The percentages are calculated on the basis of 6,787,178,701 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2025.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED          63
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS (CONTINUED)

(ii)   Interests in the shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                    Number of ordinary shares in Yiche Holding
                                              Beneficiary of
                                                      a trust                                 Number of                       Approximate
                                               (other than a                                  underlying                     percentage of
                                               discretionary             Personal                 shares               Total        issued
       Name of Director                             interest)             interest           interested(3)         interests      shares(4)


       Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang                                      –               –           4,630,000(L)(1)    4,630,000(L)                  7.17%
       Mr. Wai Yip Tsang                                        –       155,482(L)            147,918(L)(2)      303,400(L)                  0.01%

       Notes:

       (1)      Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang’s entitlement to shares related to outstanding (i) 1,680,000 underlying shares in respect of the restricted
                stock units granted; and (ii) 2,950,000 underlying shares in respect of the options granted under Yiche Holding’s employee incentive
                plan.

       (2)      Mr. Wai Yip Tsang’s entitlement to shares related to outstanding (i) 48,541 underlying shares in respect of the restricted share units
                granted by Tencent; and (ii) 99,377 underlying shares in respect of the options granted by Tencent.

       (3)      The letter “L” denotes long position in such shares or underlying shares.

       (4)      The percentage is calculated on the basis of 64,608,739 ordinary shares of Yiche Holding held by Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang and
                9,120,235,999 ordinary shares of Tencent, held by Mr. Wai Yip Tsang in issue as at December 31, 2025.


       Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, so far as was known to the Directors and chief executive
       of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions
       in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which were
       required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV
       of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to be interested under
       such provisions of the SFO); or (b) recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
       Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




64     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                     REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As at December 31, 2025, so far as was known to the Directors or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
SFO:

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                             Number of                  percentage
Name of substantial                                                                                              Shares                   of issued
shareholder                                        Nature of interest                                       interested(2)                  Shares(3)


Tencent Mobility Limited(1)                        Beneficial owner                                     489,922,607 (L)                      7.22%
THL H Limited(1)                                   Beneficial owner                                     931,604,940 (L)                     13.73%
Morespark(1)                                       Beneficial owner                                   2,093,833,612 (L)                     30.85%
                                                   Beneficial owner                                      21,106,272 (S)                      0.31%
Tencent(1)                                         Interest of controlled corporation                 3,515,361,159 (L)                     51.79%
                                                   Interest of controlled corporation                    21,106,272 (S)                      0.31%
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang                          Beneficial owner                                     113,871,952 (L)                      1.68%
                                                   Interest of controlled corporation                   639,311,590 (L)                      9.42%

Notes:

(1)      Tencent Mobility Limited which holds 489,922,607 Shares, THL H Limited which holds 931,604,940 Shares, and Morespark which holds
         2,093,833,612 Shares in long position and 21,106,272 Shares in short position, are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Tencent. Accordingly,
         Tencent is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which Tencent Mobility Limited, THL H Limited and Morespark are
         interested under the SFO. Pursuant to a voting agreement dated March 1, 2025 (the “Voting Agreement”), Tencent has granted a voting
         proxy to HCM IV Limited in relation to 573,885,842 Shares, representing approximately 8.46% of the issued share capital of the Company as
         at December 31, 2025.

(2)      Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang who holds 113,871,952 Shares. HCM IV Limited which holds 3,318,738 Shares, is a wholly-owned subsidiary
         of Hammer Capital Management Limited. Hammer Capital Management Limited which also holds 62,107,010 Shares, is wholly-owned by
         Mr. Tsang Ling Kay Rodney. Accordingly, Mr. Tsang Ling Kay Rodney is deemed to be interested in the same number of Shares in which
         HCM IV Limited and Hammer Capital Management Limited are interested under the SFO. In addition, pursuant to the Voting Agreement (as
         described in note 1 above), Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited, is entitled to the votes attached to 573,885,842 Shares.
         Accordingly, Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang, through HCM IV Limited, is deemed to be interested in such Shares under the SFO.

(3)      The letters “L” and “S” denote the substantial shareholder’s long position and short position in such Shares, respectively.

(4)      Unless otherwise stated, the percentages are calculated on the basis of 6,787,178,701 Shares in issue as at December 31, 2025.

(5)      Save as disclosed in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this annual report, as at the date of this annual report, none
         of the Directors was a director or employee of a company which had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying Shares which
         would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


Certain numbers and percentage figures included in the table above have been subject to rounding adjustments.
Any discrepancies in the table between totals and sums of amounts listed therein are due to rounding.

Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than
the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or as
recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      65
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the Cayman Companies Law
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding
of the Company’s securities.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Save and except for the interests of our Controlling Shareholders in the Company, during the year ended December
31, 2025, neither our Controlling Shareholders nor any of our Directors had any interest in a business, apart from
the business of our Group, which competes or is likely to compete, directly or indirectly, with our business, which
would require disclosure under Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules.

The Directors are fully aware of, and have been discharging, their fiduciary duty to the Company. The Company
and the Directors would comply with the relevant requirements of the Articles of Association and the Listing Rules
whenever a Director has any conflict of interest in the transaction(s) with the Company.

CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

Save as disclosed in the sections headed “Connected Transactions” and “Continuing Connected Transactions”
below and Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements in relation to the related party transactions of the Group
during the Reporting Period, no contract of significance, or contract of significance for the provision of services,
between the Company or any of its subsidiaries or the Consolidated Affiliated Entity and the Controlling Shareholders
or any of their subsidiaries has been entered into during the Reporting Period or subsisted as at the end of the
Reporting Period.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance through its continuous effort
in improving its corporate governance practices. Details about the corporate governance practices adopted by the
Company are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” contained in this annual report.




66    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the Reporting Period, the Group engaged in certain transactions with the following persons (and/or their
respective associates as defined under Rules 14A.07, 14A.12 and 14A.13 as appropriate) that constituted
connected transactions under the Listing Rules.

•     Bitauto is considered a “connected person” under the Listing Rules by virtue of it being a subsidiary of
      Tencent, which is the Controlling Shareholder. Bitauto was the Controlling Shareholder until March 5, 2021.
      Any transactions between the Company and Bitauto and/or its associates are considered as connected
      transactions pursuant to Rule 14A.25.

•     Tencent is considered a “connected person” under the Listing Rules by virtue of it being the Controlling
      Shareholder. Any transactions between the Company and Tencent and/or its associates are considered as
      connected transactions pursuant to Rule 14A.25.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

We set out below a summary of the continuing connected transactions for our Group during the Reporting
Period, which are subject to the reporting, annual review and announcements but are exempt from independent
Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

1.    Used auto services agreements with Beijing Jingzhengu Information Technology Co., Ltd.
      (北京精真估信息技術有限公司) (“Jingzhengu”)

      On July 31, 2017, Shanghai Yixin, Beijing Xulu, Beijing KKC and Jingzhengu (an associate of Bitauto) entered
      into a used auto valuation and inspection services strategic cooperation agreement (“Used Auto Services
      Strategic Cooperation Agreement”) whereby Jingzhengu provides (i) onsite and online used car valuation
      and used car inspection services for the used cars financed or facilitated by us for a fixed fee per car, and
      (ii) a free portal on our website taoche.com that our consumers can use to compute or solicit a quotation for
      the value of a vehicle. The term of the Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement commenced
      on the date of the agreement and expired on December 31, 2019. On December 12, 2019, the Company
      (through Beijing Xulu) renewed the Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement by entering into
      the 2020-2022 Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement (“2020-2022 Used Auto Services
      Strategic Cooperation Agreement”) for three years with the expiration date on December 31, 2022. On
      December 19, 2022, the Company (through Shanghai Yixin) renewed the above 2020-2022 agreement by
      entering into the 2023-2025 Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement (“2023-2025 Used Auto
      Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement”) with Jingzhengu (a subsidiary of Tencent). The term of the
      2023-2025 Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement is for three years and commenced on
      January 1, 2023. Aside from the new annual caps described below, the terms of the 2023-2025 Used Auto
      Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement (including the pricing policy) are substantially the same as those of
      the 2020-2022 Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement. On December 8, 2025, the Company
      (through Shanghai Changtu) renewed the 2023-2025 Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement
      by entering into the renewed Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement (“Renewed Used Auto
      Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement”) with Jingzhengu. The term of the Renewed Used Auto
      Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement is for three years and commenced on January 1, 2026.

      Jingzhengu provides services to the Group in relation to our used auto business, including onsite and online
      valuation and inspection. We require inspection services in order to meet our customers’ demand for used
      automobile inspection services, as well as valuation services for the majority of used automobiles we finance
      as part of our risk management process and in order to accurately value our cars when they are leased to
      our customers.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   67
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

1.   Used auto services agreements with Beijing Jingzhengu Information Technology Co., Ltd.
     (北京精真估信息技術有限公司) (“Jingzhengu”) (Continued)

     The fees payable by us to Jingzhengu outlined above has been determined based on arm’s length
     discussions and by reference to rates charged by other independent third party service providers for
     comparable services. The service fee and calculation method were agreed between the parties based on the
     specific type and usage of the services in each transaction.

     The annual cap for and the aggregate fees paid by the Group pursuant to the 2023-2025 Used Auto Services
     Strategic Cooperation Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB50,000,000 and amounted
     to approximately RMB40,560,000, respectively.

     Further details of the 2023-2025 Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement and the Renewed
     Used Auto Services Strategic Cooperation Agreement are set out in the announcements of the Company
     dated December 19, 2022 and December 8, 2025, respectively.

2.   Advertising Framework Agreement with Beijing Bitauto Interactive

     On December 12, 2019, Beijing Xulu entered into the advertising framework agreement (the “Advertising
     Framework Agreement”) with Beijing Bitauto Interactive (an associate of Bitauto), pursuant to which
     Beijing Bitauto Interactive or its affiliated companies shall provide certain services to the Group including but
     not limited to brand, product and website promotion on online and offline platforms which Beijing Bitauto
     Interactive or its affiliated companies operates, controls or cooperates with. In exchange, the Group shall pay
     Beijing Bitauto Interactive or its affiliated companies a fee. The term of the Advertising Framework Agreement
     is for three years and commenced on January 1, 2020. On December 16, 2022, the Company, through
     Xinjiang Wanhong, renewed the above agreement by entering into the renewed Advertising Framework
     Agreement (“Renewed Advertising Framework Agreement”) with Beijing Bitauto Interactive (a subsidiary
     of Tencent). The term of the Renewed Advertising Framework Agreement is for three years and commenced
     on January 1, 2023. Aside from the new annual caps described below, the terms of the Renewed Advertising
     Framework Agreement (including the pricing policy) are substantially the same as those of the Advertising
     Framework Agreement.

     The fee payable by the Group under the Renewed Advertising Framework Agreement was determined after
     arm’s length negotiation between the parties and with reference to the market rates for advertising services
     of comparable specifications, for a similar number of days, time and format of advertisement. The terms
     were no less favourable to the Company than those which could be obtained from independent third party
     suppliers. With regard to advertising services, the service fees are calculated based on the cost per click, the
     cost per reach, the cost per download, the cost for the duration of advertising, the cost per sales made from
     the advertising, the complexity of the advertisement and the distribution means of the advertisement.

     The annual cap for and the aggregate fees paid by the Group pursuant to the Renewed Advertising
     Framework Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB110,000,000 and amounted to
     approximately RMB27,000, respectively.




68   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

2.   Advertising Framework Agreement with Beijing Bitauto Interactive (Continued)

     By entering into the Renewed Advertising Framework Agreement, the Group can utilise the leading automobile
     promotion platform of Beijing Bitauto Interactive and its associates and increase its potential to reach new
     customers.

     Further details of the Renewed Advertising Framework Agreement are set out in the announcement of the
     Company dated December 16, 2022.

3.   Promotional Services Framework Agreement with Tencent Computer

     On August 22, 2022, Tianjin Hengtong entered into a supplemental agreement (“Supplemental Agreement”)
     with Tencent Computer (an associate of Tencent), which is a supplemental agreement to the previous
     cooperation agreement (“Previous Cooperation Agreement”) previously entered into by the same parties.
     Pursuant to the Previous Cooperation Agreement, Tencent Computer shall provide certain promotional
     services to the Group in return for a service fee and the term of which expired on December 31, 2022
     (subject to renewal). As there is a strong business need to establish a long term business relationship
     with Tencent, the parties entered into the Supplemental Agreement which provides a framework for the
     continued provision of the promotional services, sets the annual caps, and extends the original term under
     the Previous Cooperation Agreement to December 31, 2024. On December 4, 2024, the Company (through
     Tianjin Hengtong) renewed the Previous Cooperation Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the
     Supplemental Agreement) by entering into the Promotional Services Framework Agreement (“Promotional
     Services Framework Agreement”) with Tencent Computer. The term of the Renewed Promotional Services
     Framework Agreement is for three years and commenced on January 1, 2025.

     The service fees payable by the Group under the subsequent agreement to be entered into under the
     Promotional Services Framework Agreement were determined after arm’s length negotiation between the
     parties and with reference to, including but not limited to, (i) the market rates for promotional services of a
     similar nature, (ii) the number of customers who successfully applied for the financial products of the Group
     through the certain online websites and platforms of Tencent Computer (“Tencent Platforms”), (iii) the total
     financing amount of such financial products successfully applied for through the Tencent Platforms, and
     (iv) the scope of services and terms and conditions under each subsequent cooperation agreement. The
     service fees shall be calculated as a percentage of the financing amount of the financial products successfully
     applied for by customers of Tianjin Hengtong (or any of its associates) through the Tencent Platforms. The
     aforementioned percentage shall be determined based on the official price lists or business policies issued by
     Tencent Computer from time to time that are applicable to all of its other independent third party customers.

     The annual caps for the Promotional Services Framework Agreement for each of the three years ending
     December 31, 2025, 2026 and 2027 are RMB20,000,000, RMB30,000,000 and RMB40,000,000,
     respectively. The aggregate fee paid by the Group pursuant to the Promotional Services Framework
     Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately RMB456,000.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   69
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

3.   Promotional Services Framework Agreement with Tencent Computer (Continued)

     By entering into the Promotional Services Framework Agreement, the Company can leverage Tencent’s large
     user base and attract more consumers to the products and services of the Group in order to enlarge the
     customer base of the Group and enhance business growth.

     Further details of the Previous Cooperation Agreement (as amended and supplemented by the Supplemental
     Agreement) and the Promotional Services Framework Agreement are set out in the announcements of the
     Company dated August 22, 2022 and December 4, 2024, respectively.

4.   PRC Tencent Cloud Services Agreement with Beijing Tencent Cloud

     On December 21, 2023, Shanghai Yixin and Beijing Tencent Cloud (an associate of Tencent) entered into a
     framework agreement (“PRC Tencent Cloud Services Agreement”) in relation to the provision of certain
     Tencent cloud services, such as internet resources ancillary services, which include but are not limited to
     computing and storage services and database services, by Beijing Tencent Cloud to the Group for a term of
     three years commencing from January 1, 2024. The Group shall in return pay service fees to Beijing Tencent
     Cloud.

     The service fee shall be determined based on (i) a predetermined pricing mechanism set by Beijing Tencent
     Cloud, which is published on Beijing Tencent Cloud’s official website and similar to fee rates offered to other
     third parties, (ii) the exact type of services involved, the scope of the services to be provided and the terms
     and conditions of such services, (iii) the specific duration or frequency of each services to be provided, and (iv)
     the specific terms and conditions of each services to be provided.

     The annual caps for the transaction amounts under the PRC Tencent Cloud Services Agreement for the year
     ended December 31, 2025 and the year ending December 31, 2026 are RMB9,600,000 and RMB11,600,000
     respectively. The aggregate fees paid by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to
     approximately RMB5,513,000.

     The Company believes that the procurement of high-quality technological products and services from
     Tencent, its subsidiaries and controlled entities (the “Tencent Group”), especially cloud services provided by
     Beijing Tencent Cloud, will provide the Group with the necessary technologies to further develop its business,
     and obtaining such outsourced services from an integrated service provider is a cost-effective alternative to
     building all of the supporting technology infrastructure internally. Through the PRC Tencent Cloud Services
     Agreement, the Group will be able to reduce unnecessary management resources and costs incurred from
     reconciling and integrating its various operating systems, purchasing additional technology hardware and
     tools, as well as recruiting additional full-time information technology and maintenance staff.

     Further details of the PRC Tencent Cloud Services Agreement are set out in the announcement of the
     Company dated December 21, 2023.




70   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

5.   Singapore Tencent Cloud Services Agreement with Singapore Tencent Cloud

     On December 29, 2023, X Star and Singapore Tencent Cloud (an associate of Tencent) entered into a
     framework agreement (“Singapore Tencent Cloud Services Agreement”) in relation to the provision
     of certain Tencent cloud services, such as internet resources ancillary services, which include but are not
     limited to computing and storage services and database services, by Singapore Tencent Cloud to the Group
     for a term of three years commencing from January 1, 2024. The Group shall in return pay service fees to
     Singapore Tencent Cloud.

     The service fee shall be determined based on (i) a predetermined pricing mechanism set by Singapore
     Tencent Cloud, which is published on Singapore Tencent Cloud’s official website and similar to fee rates
     offered to other third parties, (ii) the exact type of services involved, the scope of the services to be provided
     and the terms and conditions of such services, (iii) the specific duration or frequency of each services to be
     provided, and (iv) the specific terms and conditions of each services to be provided.

     The annual caps for the transaction amounts under the Singapore Tencent Cloud Services Agreement for
     the year ended December 31, 2025 and the year ending December 31, 2026 are USD608,000 (equivalent to
     approximately RMB4,300,000) and USD975,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB6,900,000) respectively.
     The aggregate fees paid by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to approximately
     USD19,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB137,000).

     The Company believes that the procurement of high-quality technological products and services from the
     Tencent Group, especially cloud services provided by Singapore Tencent Cloud, will provide the Group
     with the necessary technologies to further develop its business, and obtaining such outsourced services
     from an integrated service provider is a cost-effective alternative to building all of the supporting technology
     infrastructure internally. Through the Singapore Tencent Cloud Services Agreement, the Group will be able to
     reduce unnecessary management resources and costs incurred from reconciling and integrating its various
     operating systems, purchasing additional technology hardware and tools, as well as recruiting additional
     full-time information technology and maintenance staff.

     Further details of the Singapore Tencent Cloud Services Agreement are set out in the announcement of the
     Company dated December 29, 2023.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   71
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

6.   Technical Support and Consulting Services Agreements with Beijing Bitcar Interactive

     On December 4, 2024, Xinjiang Wanxing and Beijing Bitcar Interactive (an associate of Tencent) entered into
     a supplemental agreement in relation to the previous services agreement in respect of the Technical Support
     and Consulting Services, which was due to expire on December 31, 2024 (collectively, the “Technical
     Support and Consulting Services Agreements”). The Technical Support and Consulting Services
     Agreements provided for the continued provision of the Technical Support and Consulting Services, set
     the annual caps, and extended the original term under the previous services agreement to December 31,
     2025. On December 11, 2025, the Company (through Xinjiang Wanxing) renewed the Technical Support and
     Consulting Services Agreements by entering into the renewed Technical Support and Consulting Services
     Agreement (“Renewed Technical Support and Consulting Services Agreement”) with Beijing Bitcar
     Interactive (a subsidiary of Tencent). The term of the Renewed Technical Support and Consulting Services
     Agreement is for three years and commenced on January 1, 2026.

     The services fees payable by Beijing Bitcar Interactive to Xinjiang Wanxing comprise two components, namely
     (i) the service fee payable for each of the fraud warning messages generated by the anti-fraud system and (ii)
     the basic annual service fee. The service fee for fraud warning messages generated by the anti-fraud system
     shall be calculated by multiplying the pre-determined rate of RMB0.45 per warning message with the actual
     usage volume as recorded in the anti-fraud system of Xinjiang Wanxing for each quarter. Such service fee
     shall be settled by Beijing Bitcar Interactive on a quarterly basis within the prescribed time limit after Beijing
     Bitcar Interactive has verified the particulars of usage volume and Xinjiang Wanxing has issued quarterly
     invoice to Beijing Bitcar Interactive. The basic annual service fee shall be a fixed sum of RMB16,200, which
     shall be settled by Beijing Bitcar Interactive on an annual basis within the prescribed time limit after its receipt
     of invoice and payment notification from Xinjiang Wanxing.

     The annual cap for and the aggregate fees paid by the Group pursuant to the Technical Support and
     Consulting Services Agreements for the year ended December 31, 2025 is RMB11,000,000 and amounted to
     approximately RMB11,000,000, respectively.

     As part of the Group’s FinTech (SaaS) business, the Group continuously enhances its technological
     innovation capabilities and leverages artificial intelligence and other technologies to offer multitiered software
     products to industry partners. In particular, one of the core competitive advantages of the Group is its robust
     risk control technology, including but not limited to the anti-fraud system of Xinjiang Wanxing. The Technical
     Support and Consulting Services Agreements enables the Group to leverage on its expertise and benefit
     from the increased revenues generated from the continued provision of the Technical Support and Consulting
     Services to Beijing Bitcar Interactive for a longer term, as well as to set the annual caps which better reflect
     the current anticipation of increased demand for such services.

     Further details of the Technical Support and Consulting Services Agreements and the Renewed Technical
     Support and Consulting Services Agreement are set out in the announcements of the Company dated
     December 4, 2024 and December 11, 2025, respectively.




72   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transactions mentioned under
sections (1) to (6) above (the “Continuing Connected Transactions”), and confirmed that the Continuing
Connected Transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   on normal commercial terms or better; and

(c)   according to relevant agreements governing them, on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests
      of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

Confirmation from the Auditor

Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged the Auditor to conduct certain procedures
in respect of the continuing connected transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, in
accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements
Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the HKICPA.

Pursuant to the waiver dated November 2, 2017 granted by the Stock Exchange from strict compliance with the
requirements of setting an annual cap under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules for the transactions with Beijing Xulu
under the contractual arrangements, the Auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the
aforesaid continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025:

(a)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
      transactions have not been approved by the Board;

(b)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
      that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
      pricing policies of the Group;

(c)   nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into,
      in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions;

(d)   with respect to the aggregate amount of the continuing connected transactions other than those transactions
      with Beijing Xulu set out in the section headed “New Contractual Arrangements” in this Report of the
      Directors, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing
      connected transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company; and

(e)   with respect of the disclosed continuing connected transactions with Beijing Xulu under the New Contractual
      Arrangements, nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that dividends or other
      distributions have been made by Beijing Xulu to the holders of the equity interests of Beijing Xulu which are
      not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   73
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Confirmation from the Auditor (Continued)

A summary of all significant transactions with related parties (the “Related Party Transactions”) entered into by
the Group during the Reporting Period is contained in Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements. During
the Reporting Period, only (i), (iv), (v) of the Related Party Transactions in Note 32(c) therein constituted connected
transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company which should be disclosed pursuant to the
Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the requirements prescribed in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules with
respect to the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions entered into by the Group during the
year under review.

7.         New Contractual Arrangements

           Reference is made to the waiver granted by the Stock Exchange to the Company from the strict compliance
           with the applicable disclosure, reporting and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter
           14A of the Listing Rules after the completion of the Listing.

           For the purposes of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and in particular the definition of “connected person”,
           the Consolidated Affiliated Entity was treated as the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, and its directors,
           chief executives or Substantial Shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) and their respective associates
           are treated as the Company’s “connected person”.

           Reasons for the New Contractual Arrangements

           Our Company operates an online automobile transaction platform in China and is primarily engaged in
           providing automobile transaction platform and self-operated automobile financing services, through its online
           channels, transaction service teams, and auto dealer cooperative network across China. The operation of
           mobile apps and the provision of online information services (the “Relevant Businesses”) are subject to
           foreign investment restrictions under PRC law.

           Our Consolidated Affiliated Entity was established under the laws of the PRC. We do not directly own any
           equity interest in Beijing Xulu, which is currently held by Tianjin Jushen Information Technology Co., Ltd. (天
           津聚莘信息技術有限公司) (“Tianjin Jushen”), Shenzhen Tencent Industry Investment Fund Co., Ltd., (深圳
           市騰訊產業投資基金有限公司) (“Shenzhen Tencent”) and Beijing Jiasheng Investment Management Co.,
           Ltd. (北京甲盛投資管理有限公司) (“Beijing JD”) as to 55.7%, 26.6% and 17.7%, respectively (the “Nominal
           Shareholders”). Shenzhen Tencent, Beijing JD and Tianjin Jushen are all domestic companies of the PRC.
           Tianjin Jushen is wholly-owned by Mr. Bi Jianjun (畢建軍), who is a PRC citizen and the senior vice president
           of the asset management department of the Group.

           Beijing Xulu was established on January 9, 2015, with its company name changed from Beijing Yixin
           Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京易鑫信息科技有限公司) to Beijing Xulu Information Technology Co.,
           Ltd.* (北京序祿信息科技有限公司) with effect from October 21, 2024. The main business of Beijing Xulu is the
           provision of internet information services through mobile-based apps including Yixin Finance (易鑫金融), and
           websites, including daikuan.com. Beijing Xulu currently holds a value-added telecommunications business
           operating license.




*
     for identification purposes only


74        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     Reasons for the New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     Since the Relevant Businesses are classified as foreign investment restricted under applicable PRC laws,
     regulations or rules and there is no clear guidance or interpretation on applicable qualification requirements,
     we cannot hold any direct interest in Beijing Xulu, which currently holds and is expected to hold certain
     licenses and permits required for the operation of the Relevant Businesses.

     In order to comply with PRC laws and regulations and maintain effective control over all of our operations, we
     entered into the Contractual Arrangements on August 10, 2017. Under the Contractual Arrangements, Beijing
     KKC had acquired effective control over the financial and operational policies of Beijing Xulu and had become
     entitled to all the economic benefits derived from its operations. On October 4, 2018, we entered into the
     New Contractual Arrangements (which have terms and conditions substantially the same as the Contractual
     Arrangements) mainly for the change of one of the nominal shareholders of Beijing Xulu from Mr. Bo Han
     to Tianjin Jushen. The Contractual Arrangements were terminated concurrently. We believe that the New
     Contractual Arrangements are narrowly tailored as they are used to enable the Group to conduct businesses
     in industries that are subject to foreign investment restrictions in the PRC.

     Our Directors believe that the New Contractual Arrangements are fair and reasonable because: (i) the New
     Contractual Arrangements were freely negotiated and entered into between the parties thereto, (ii) by entering
     into the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement (as defined in the section headed “Continuing Connected
     Transactions” in this annual report) with Tianjin Kars (which is a PRC subsidiary of the Company), Beijing Xulu
     will enjoy better economic and technical support from us, as well as a better market reputation, and (iii) a
     number of other companies use similar arrangements to accomplish the same purpose.

     Risks relating to the New Contractual Arrangements

     We believe the following risks are associated with the New Contractual Arrangements. Further details of these
     risks are set out on pages 57 to 64 of the Prospectus and the announcement of the Company dated October
     4, 2018.

     •     If the PRC government finds that the contractual agreements that establish the structure for operating
           certain of our businesses in China do not comply with applicable PRC governmental restrictions
           on foreign investment in these businesses, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing
           regulations change in the future, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our
           interests in those operations.

     •     We rely on contractual arrangements with our variable interest entity and its nominal shareholders for
           certain of our business operations in China, which may not be as effective in providing operational
           control or enabling us to derive economic benefits as through ownership of controlling equity interest.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   75
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     Risks relating to the New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     •       We conduct our online business operation in the PRC through our Consolidated Affiliated Entity by way
             of the contractual arrangements, but certain of the terms of the contractual arrangements may not be
             enforceable under PRC laws and our ability to enforce the contractual agreements between us and the
             variable interest entity’s nominal shareholders may be subject to limitations based on PRC laws and
             regulations.

     •       The nominal shareholders of our Consolidated Affiliated Entity may have potential conflicts of interest
             with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.

     •       Contractual arrangements with our Consolidated Affiliated Entity and our principal shareholders
             may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and may result in a finding that we and our
             Consolidated Affiliated Entity owe additional taxes or are ineligible for tax exemption, or both, which
             could substantially increase our taxes owed and thereby reduce our net income.

     •       Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the Foreign
             Investment Law of the PRC and the Implementing Regulations of the Foreign Investment Law of the
             PRC and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and
             business operations.

     New Contractual Arrangements in place

     The New Contractual Arrangements which were in place during the Reporting Period and a brief description
     of the major terms of the structured contracts under the New Contractual Arrangements are as follows:

     1.      Exclusive business cooperation agreements

             Beijing Xulu entered into a new exclusive business cooperation agreement with Tianjin Kars on October
             4, 2018 (the “Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement”), pursuant to which Beijing Xulu
             agreed to engage Tianjin Kars as its exclusive provider of business support, technical and consulting
             services, including technical services, network support, business consultation, equipment, leasing,
             marketing consultancy, customer order management and customer services, system integration and
             maintenance, in exchange for service fees. Under these arrangements, the service fees shall consist
             of an amount to be determined by Tianjin Kars and Beijing Xulu in writing through negotiation after
             consideration of certain factors.

             As of December 31, 2024, the accumulated losses of Beijing Xulu amounted to RMB1,666 million
             (2023: RMB1,444 million). Tianjin Kars enjoys all the economic benefits derived from the businesses of
             Beijing Xulu and bears Beijing Xulu’s business risks. If Beijing Xulu runs into financial deficit or suffers
             severe operation difficulties, Tianjin Kars will provide financial support to Beijing Xulu.




76   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     New Contractual Arrangements in place (Continued)

     2.    Exclusive option agreements

           Beijing Xulu and each of the Nominal Shareholders entered into a new exclusive option agreement
           with Tianjin Kars on October 4, 2018 (the “Exclusive Option Agreements”), pursuant to which
           each Nominal Shareholder granted Tianjin Kars an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase, or
           designate one or more persons (each, a “designee”) to purchase the equity interests in Beijing Xulu
           (the “Optioned Interests”) then held by such Nominal Shareholder once or at multiple times at any
           time in part or in whole at Tianjin Kars’s sole and absolute discretion, to the extent permitted under
           the applicable PRC laws. Where Tianjin Kars chooses to purchase the Optioned Interest, each of the
           Nominal Shareholders shall cause Beijing Xulu to promptly convene a shareholders’ meeting, at which
           a resolution shall be adopted approving the Nominal Shareholder’s transfer of the Optioned Interests
           to Tianjin Kars and/or its designee.

     3.    Equity interest pledge agreements

           Tianjin Kars, each of the Nominal Shareholders and Beijing Xulu entered into a new equity pledge
           agreements on October 4, 2018 (the “Equity Interest Pledge Agreements”), pursuant to which each
           of the Nominal Shareholders agreed to pledge all their respective equity interests in Beijing Xulu that
           they own, including any interest or dividend paid for the shares, to Tianjin Kars as a security interest to
           guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding debts of Beijing
           Xulu and each of the Nominal Shareholders under the Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, the
           Exclusive Option Agreements and the Powers of Attorney (as defined below).

     4.    Powers of attorney

           Beijing Xulu, each of the Nominal Shareholders and Tianjin Kars entered into a new power of attorney
           on October 4, 2018 (the “Powers of Attorney”), pursuant to which each of the Nominal Shareholders
           irrevocably appointed Tianjin Kars (as well as its successors, including a liquidator, if any, replacing
           Tianjin Kars) or its designee(s) (including its directors) as its exclusive agent and attorney to act on its
           behalf on all matters concerning Beijing Xulu and to exercise all of its rights as a registered shareholder
           of Beijing Xulu.

           The following simplified diagram illustrates the flow of economic benefits from Beijing Xulu to our
           Group stipulated under the New Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                  (2)
                                                                                Nominal Shareholders(1)


                                            Tianjin Kars                                     100%
                                                                  (2)

                                                                  (3)                Beijing Xulu



                                 Legal and beneficial ownership
                                 Contractual relationship




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   77
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     New Contractual Arrangements in place (Continued)

     Notes:

     (1)      The Nominal Shareholders of Beijing Xulu are Tianjin Jushen, Shenzhen Tencent and Beijing JD holding 55.7%, 26.6% and 17.7%
              of the equity interests in Beijing Xulu, respectively.

     (2)      The Nominal Shareholders executed the powers of attorney in favor of Tianjin Kars to exercise all shareholders’ rights in Beijing
              Xulu. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 4, 2018 for further details.

              The Nominal Shareholders executed exclusive options in favor of Tianjin Kars to acquire all or part of the equity interest in and/or
              assets of Beijing Xulu. Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 4, 2018 for further details.

              The Nominal Shareholders granted first priority security interest in favor of Tianjin Kars over the entire equity interest in Beijing Xulu.
              Please refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 4, 2018 for further details.

     (3)      Beijing Xulu will pay services fees to Tianjin Kars in exchange for business support and technical and consulting services. Please
              refer to the announcement of the Company dated October 4, 2018 for further details.


     There are neither other new contractual arrangements entered into, renewed or reproduced between the
     Group and the Consolidated Affiliated Entity during the financial year ended December 31, 2025, nor material
     change in the New Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted for
     the year ended December 31, 2025.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, none of the New Contractual Arrangements has been unwound
     as none of the restrictions that led to the adoption of structured contracts under the New Contractual
     Arrangements has been removed.

     We have been advised by our PRC Legal Advisor that the New Contractual Arrangements do not violate the
     relevant PRC laws and regulations.

     The revenue of Beijing Xulu for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were RMB0.05 million and
     RMB0.11 million, respectively.

     For the year ended December 31, 2025, the revenue of Beijing Xulu amounted to approximately 0.00% (2024:
     0.00%) of the revenue of the Group.

     Mitigation actions taken by the Company

     Our management works closely with Tianjin Jushen, Shenzhen Tencent and Beijing JD and our external legal
     counsels and advisors to monitor the regulatory environment and developments in PRC laws and regulations
     to mitigate the risks associated with the New Contractual Arrangements during the Reporting Period. We
     also continue to expand our experience in the value-added telecommunications business overseas, as further
     discussed under the section headed “Continuing Connected Transactions” of this annual report.




78   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     The extent to which the New Contractual Arrangements relate to requirements other than the foreign
     ownership restriction

     All of the New Contractual Arrangements are subject to the restrictions as set out on pages 57 to 64 of the
     Prospectus and the announcement of the Company dated October 4, 2018.

     Listing Rules Implications

     The highest applicable percentage ratios (other than the profits ratio) under the Listing Rules in respect of
     the transactions associated with the New Contractual Arrangements are expected to be more than 5%.
     As such, the transactions will be subject to the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent
     Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     Waiver from the Stock Exchange and annual review

     The Stock Exchange has granted the Company a waiver (the “IPO Waiver”) pursuant to Rule 14A.105 of
     the Listing Rules from strict compliance with (i) the announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of the transactions under the Contractual
     Arrangements; (ii) the requirement of setting a maximum aggregate annual value, i.e. an annual cap, under
     Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules for the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements; and (iii) the
     requirement of limiting the term of the Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52
     of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange subject to the following
     conditions:

     (a)    no change to the Contractual Arrangements without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

     (b)    no change to the Contractual Arrangements without independent Shareholders’ approval;

     (c)    the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic benefits
            derived by the Consolidated Affiliated Entity;

     (d)    the Contractual Arrangements may be renewed and/or reproduced upon expiry or when justified by
            business expediency, without obtaining the approval of the Shareholders, on substantially the same
            terms and conditions as the Contractual Arrangements; and

     (e)    our Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

     Since the New Contractual Arrangements are reproduced from the Contractual Arrangements as provided
     under the conditions of the IPO Waiver, the Company has sought confirmation from the Stock Exchange,
     and the Stock Exchange has confirmed, that the transactions contemplated under the New Contractual
     Arrangements would fall within the scope of the waiver from the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules as set out in the IPO Waiver and are exempt from (i) the announcement, circular and the independent
     Shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, (ii) the requirement of setting an
     annual cap for the transactions under the New Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing
     Rules, and (iii) the requirement of limiting the term of the New Contractual Arrangements to three years or
     less under 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, for so long as the Shares are listed on the Stock Exchange, subject to
     compliance with the same conditions of the IPO Waiver.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   79
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     Qualification requirements

     PRC law currently limits foreign ownership of companies that provide value-added telecommunications
     services (including internet information services other than operating e-commerce business, domestic
     multi-party communication services, store-and-forward business, and call center business) in the PRC for
     not more than 50%. Pursuant to the Provisions on Administration of Foreign Invested Telecommunications
     Enterprises promulgated by the State Council on December 11, 2001 and amended on February 6,
     2016 (the “FITE Regulation (2016 version)”), for a foreign investor to obtain any equity interest in a
     value-added telecommunications company in China, it must satisfy the Certain Qualification Requirements.
     Foreign investors that meet these requirements must obtain approvals from the MIIT or its authorized local
     counterparts, which retain considerable discretion in granting such approvals. On March 29, 2022, the
     Decision of the State Council on Revising and Repealing Certain Administrative Regulations, which took effect
     on May 1, 2022, was promulgated to amend certain provisions of regulations including the FITE Regulation
     (2016 Version). Pursuant to the revised Provisions on Administration of Foreign Invested Telecommunications
     Enterprises (the “FITE Regulation (2022 Version)”), the foreign investor contemplating to acquire equity
     interests in a value-added telecommunications services provider in China will not be required to demonstrate
     good track records and experience in operating a value-added telecommunication business overseas.
     Additionally, on April 8, 2024, the MIIT issued the Notice on Carrying Out the Pilot Work of Expanding the
     Opening up of Value-Added Telecommunications Services, which provides, among others, the removal
     of foreign ownership ratio restrictions for specific value-added telecommunications services (including
     Internet Data Centers (IDC), Content Delivery Networks (CDN), Internet Access Services (ISP), online data
     processing and transaction processing services, and information release platform and transmission services
     (excluding internet news information, online publishing, online audio-visual, and internet cultural operation),
     and information protection and processing services under catalog of information services) in the pilot
     areas of Beijing, Shanghai, Hainan, and Shenzhen. Foreign-invested companies that plan to carry out the
     aforementioned value-added telecommunications services in the pilot areas and meet specific business
     operation requirements should apply to the MIIT for a pilot approval of value-added telecommunications
     business operations. The MIIT will have discretion as to whether to grant the license. However, there
     remains substantial uncertainties as to whether in practice the Certain Qualification Requirements will still
     be applicable, and whether and what other qualification requirements will be imposed on or applicable to,
     a foreign investor with respect to holding equity interest in a value-added telecommunications services
     provider in China, as well as with the interpretation and implementation of existing and future regulations in
     this regard. If it is determined in the future that there is no substantial restriction on issuance of value-added
     telecommunications business operating licenses to foreign-invested companies, it is uncertain whether
     we can, or how long it will take us to, reorganize the equity structure of Beijing Xulu and obtain a new
     value-added telecommunications business operating license from the MIIT.




80   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     Efforts and actions undertaken to comply with the Certain Qualification Requirements

     Despite the lack of clear guidance or interpretation on the Certain Qualification Requirements and the
     abolition of such requirements under the FITE Regulation (2022 Version), we have been gradually building
     up our track record of overseas value-added telecommunications business operations for the purposes of
     being qualified, as early as possible, to acquire equity interests in Beijing Xulu when the relevant PRC laws
     allow foreign investors to invest and to hold a majority interest in value-added telecommunications enterprises
     in the PRC. We are in the process of expanding our overseas value-added telecommunications business
     through our overseas subsidiaries. We have taken the following measures to meet the Certain Qualification
     Requirements:

     1.    Yixin HK has been incorporated in Hong Kong since November 2014 for the purposes of establishing
           and expanding our operations overseas;

     2.    We have registered several trademarks outside the PRC for the promotion of our Relevant Businesses
           overseas;

     3.    Yixin HK has set up an office and employed staff in Hong Kong for the expansion of our operations
           overseas;

     4.    Our Company has constructed its overseas website, www.yixincars.com, which is primarily for
           introducing our Group’s business to users and investor relations purpose. The Company plans to
           utilize this website to help overseas investors to better understand our products and business, and our
           website will have links to re-direct the users to our domestic website. Through this overseas website,
           we can capture and analyze overseas user data in order to provide helpful insights for our overseas
           expansion plans; and

     5.    Our Company has commenced feasibility studies on the further development of marketing to overseas
           markets and potential investments or acquisitions in order to optimize its strategic plan for expanding
           its current businesses to overseas markets.

     Subject to the discretion of the competent authority on a case-by-case basis whether the Group has fulfilled
     the Certain Qualification Requirements and other qualification requirements (if any), our PRC Legal Advisor
     is of the view that the above steps taken by us are reasonable and appropriate for gradually building up
     a track record to meet the Certain Qualification Requirements as our Company will have experience in
     providing value-added telecommunications services in overseas markets, which is in accordance with the
     FITE Regulations (2016 Version). In addition, we will remain abreast of any regulatory developments and
     continuously assess whether we meet all qualification requirements, with a view to unwinding the New
     Contractual Arrangements wholly or partially as and when practicable and permissible under the prevailing
     PRC laws.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   81
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     An overview of the relevant PRC laws and regulations

     Since foreign investment in certain areas of the industry in which we currently operate is subject to
     restrictions under current PRC laws and regulations outlined above and there is significant uncertainty as to
     whether our Company will obtain a pilot approval of value-added telecommunications business operations, we
     determined that it was not viable for our Company to hold our Consolidated Affiliated Entity directly through
     equity ownership. Instead, we decided that, in line with common practice in industries in the PRC subject to
     foreign investment restrictions and qualification requirements, the Company would gain effective control over,
     and receive all the economic benefits generated by the businesses currently operated by our Consolidated
     Affiliated Entity through the New Contractual Arrangements between Tianjin Kars, the Company’s
     wholly-owned subsidiaries in the PRC, on the one hand, and Beijing Xulu and its nominal shareholders, on
     the other hand. The New Contractual Arrangements allow the results of operations and assets and liabilities
     of Beijing Xulu and its subsidiaries to be consolidated into our results of operations and assets and liabilities
     under IFRSs as if they were wholly-owned subsidiaries of our Group.

     On July 6, 2021, certain PRC regulatory authorities issued Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal
     Securities Activities (
                           《關於依法從嚴打擊證券違法活動的意見》                     ) which further emphasized the need to
     strengthen cross-border collaboration on law enforcement and regulation of securities law in three ways:

     (i) strengthening joint regulatory oversight, including improving relevant laws and regulations on data
     security, cross-border data flow, classified information management etc. and strengthening the standardized
     management of cross-border data transmission mechanism and process; (ii) strengthening the supervision
     of China-based overseas-listed companies, including promoting the construction of relevant regulatory
     systems to deal with the risks and emergencies of China-based overseas-listed companies; (iii) establishing
     a comprehensive overseas regulatory system for overseas capital markets, including formulating the judicial
     interpretation and supplementary rules for provisions of the securities law that are applicable overseas.




82   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     An overview of the relevant PRC laws and regulations (Continued)

     Subsequently, on February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the “CSRC”) promulgated
     the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (          《境
     內企業境外發行證券和上市管理試行辦法》                            ) (the “Overseas Listing Trial Measures”), and the relevant
     guidelines, which took effect on March 31, 2023. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures comprehensively
     improved and reformed the existing regulatory regime for overseas securities offering and listing activities
     by PRC domestic companies and regulate both direct and indirect overseas securities offering and listing
     activities by PRC domestic companies by adopting a filing-based regulatory regime. On the same day, the
     CSRC also held a press conference for the release of the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and issued the
     Notice on Administration for the Filing of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (        《關於境內
     企業境外發行上市備案管理安排的通知》                          ), which, among others, clarifies that those domestic companies that
     fall within the scope to fulfil the filing procedure and have been listed overseas before March 31, 2023 shall
     be regarded as “existing issuers”. Such existing issuers are not required to perform the filing procedures
     immediately but shall fulfill the filing procedures as required if they conduct follow-on financing or are involved
     in other activities which require filing with the CSRC in the future. The Overseas Listing Trial Measures also
     require subsequent reports to be filed with the CSRC on material events, such as change of control or
     voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer(s) who have completed overseas offerings and listings. In addition,
     on February 24, 2023, the CSRC, together with other PRC government authorities, released the Provisions
     on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related to the Overseas Securities Offering
     and Listing by Domestic Enterprises (         《關於加強境內企業境外發行證券和上市相關保密和檔案管理工作的規
     定》   ) (the “Confidentiality and Archives Administration Provisions”), which came into effect on March
     31, 2023. The Confidentiality and Archives Administration Provisions require, among others, that PRC
     domestic enterprises seeking to offer and list securities in overseas markets, either directly or indirectly,
     shall establish the confidentiality and archives system, and shall complete approval and filing procedures
     with competent authorities, if such PRC domestic enterprises or their overseas listing entities provide or
     publicly disclose documents or materials involving state secrets and work secrets of PRC government
     agencies to relevant securities companies, securities service institutions, overseas regulatory agencies
     and other entities and individuals. It further stipulates that providing or publicly disclosing documents and
     materials which may adversely affect national security or public interests, and accounting files or copies
     of important preservation value to the state and society shall be subject to corresponding procedures in
     accordance with relevant laws and regulations. Given that the Overseas Listing Trial Measures and the
     Confidentiality and Archives Administration Provisions were recently promulgated, there remain uncertainties
     as to their interpretation, application, and enforcement and how they will affect our operations and our
     future financing. If it is determined that we are subject to any CSRC approval, filing, other governmental
     authorization or requirements for future capital raising activities, we may fail to obtain such approval or
     meet such requirements in a timely manner or at all. Such failure may adversely affect our ability to finance
     the development of our business and may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
     conditions.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   83
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     An overview of the relevant PRC laws and regulations (Continued)

     In addition, on December 28, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China (the “CAC”) and several other
     administrations jointly issued the Measures for Cybersecurity Review ( 《網絡安全審查辦法》            ) (the “Measures”),
     which became effective on February 15, 2022. According to the Measures, among others, if an “online
     platform operator” that is in possession of personal data of more than one million users intends to list in
     a foreign country, it must report to the relevant cybersecurity review office for a cybersecurity review. In
     addition, the Measure also provides that if the relevant authorities consider that certain network products
     and services, data processing activities and overseas listing activities affect or may affect national security,
     the authorities may initiate a cybersecurity review even if the companies do not have an obligation to report
     for a cybersecurity review under such circumstances. On September 24, 2024, the State Council published
     the Regulation on Network Data Security Management (    《網絡數據安全管理條例》                ) (the “Regulations”), which
     took effect on January 1, 2025. The Regulations set out general guidelines for the protection of personal
     information, security of important data, security management of cross-border data transfer, obligations of
     internet platform operators, supervision and management, and legal liabilities. The Regulations stipulate that
     data processors which process important data shall conduct an annual data security review, and submit
     the annual risk assessment report to the relevant competent authorities at or above the provincial level. It is
     uncertain how the foregoing regulations will be interpreted or implemented, whether such regulations may
     have retroactive effect and how they will affect us. Furthermore, if there would be any approval, filings and/
     or other administration procedures to be obtained from or completed with the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC
     regulatory authorities as required by any new laws and regulations, while we will use our best endeavors to
     comply with the requirements of such new laws and regulations and avoid or mitigate any related adverse
     effects, we cannot assure that we can obtain the required approval or complete the required filings or other
     regulatory procedures in a timely manner, or at all. Any failure to obtain the relevant approval or complete the
     filings and other relevant regulatory procedures may subject us to regulatory actions or other sanctions from
     the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which may have a material adverse effect on our
     business, operation or financial conditions.




84   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                            REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

7.   New Contractual Arrangements (Continued)

     Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

     Our independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the New Contractual Arrangements and confirmed
     that:

     (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance with
             the relevant provisions of the New Contractual Arrangements;

     (ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by our Consolidated Affiliated Entity to the holders
             of its equity interests which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to our Group;

     (iii)   no new contracts were entered into, renewed or reproduced between our Group and the Consolidated
             Affiliated Entity during the Reporting Period; and

     (iv)    the New Contractual Arrangements are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as
             a whole.

     Confirmation from the Auditor

     Pursuant to Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged the Auditor to conduct certain
     procedures in respect of the transactions carried out pursuant to the New Contractual Arrangements of the
     Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, in accordance with the Hong Kong Standard on Assurance
     Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
     Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
     Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the HKICPA. The Auditor has confirmed in a letter
     to the Board that, with respect to the transactions carried out pursuant to the New Contractual Arrangements
     during the Reporting Period:

     (a)     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the New Contractual
             Arrangements have not been approved by the Board;

     (b)     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered
             into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements under the New Contractual
             Arrangements governing such transactions; and

     (c)     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that dividends or other distributions
             have been made by Beijing Xulu to the holders of the equity interests of Beijing Xulu which are not
             otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.

     The actual amount of the transactions pursuant to the New Contractual Arrangements during the Reporting
     Period, which are eliminated in the consolidated financial statements of the Group, is RMB105,714,000.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   85
REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

Customers

For our transaction platform businesses, our customers primarily include consumers and auto finance partners for
loan facilitation services, consumers for guarantee service and after-market services, and automakers, auto dealers,
auto finance partners, and insurance companies for advertising and other services.

For our financing and leasing business, our customers primarily include consumers.

For the year ended December 31, 2025, the amounts of revenue from the Group’s five largest customers accounted
for 38% (2024: 44%) of the Group’s total revenue and the amount of revenue from our single largest customer
accounted for 11% (2024: 23%) of the Group’s total revenue.

During the year ended December 31, 2025, our largest customer from which we derived 11% of our revenues was
Bank of Shanghai.

During the Reporting Period, none of our Directors, or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (who or
which to the best knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued Shares, excluding
treasury Shares, if any) had any interest in any of the Group’s five largest customers.

Suppliers

Our suppliers primarily include auto dealers, which supply us or our customers with automobiles and facilitate our
financed transactions with our customers, as well as banks and other financial institutions, which primarily fund our
self-operated financing business. To a lesser extent, our suppliers also include online traffic suppliers, data suppliers,
hardware vendors, used car valuation service providers, and auto asset management professionals.

We are dedicated to working closely with our top suppliers to strengthen our relationships with them. Purchases
from our five largest suppliers excluding banks, financial institutions and holders of asset-backed securities and
notes for the year ended December 31, 2025 accounted for approximately 24% (2024: 21%) of our total purchase
amount. Our largest supplier for the year ended December 31, 2025 accounted for approximately 17% (2024: 12%)
of our total purchase amount.

During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or any of their close associates or any Shareholders (who or
which to the best knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued Shares, excluding
treasury Shares, if any) had any interest in any of the Group’s five largest suppliers.

AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, who will retire
and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment at the Annual General Meeting.

IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

From January 1, 2026 to the date of this annual report, save as disclosed in the discloseable transaction
announcement of the Company dated March 2, 2026 in relation to the Company’s exercise of its conversion right
pursuant to the convertible notes issued by Yusheng, there was no material event or transaction affecting the Group
and which is required to be disclosed by the Company to its Shareholders.




86    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS




ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development, protecting
the environment and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth. For details of the Company’s
environment policy and performance, please refer to the “2025 Environmental, Social and Governance Report
and Climate Information Disclosures Report”, which will be published on the websites of the Stock Exchange
(www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.yixincars.com/en/page_finreports_en.html) under the section of
“Investor Relations-Financial Reports & ESG Reports”.

PUBLIC FLOAT

The Company has obtained a waiver from the Stock Exchange and the Stock Exchange has accepted, under Rule
8.08 (1)(d) of the Listing Rules, a lower public float percentage of 22.99% of our issued share capital.

As at the date of this annual report and based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and to
the best knowledge of the Directors as at the latest practicable date prior to the despatch of this annual report, the
Company has maintained the minimum public float as permitted by the Stock Exchange.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, the register of members
of the Company will be closed from Monday, April 20, 2026 to Thursday, April 23, 2026, both dates inclusive,
during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the Annual
General Meeting, all duly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
with the Hong Kong Share Registrar at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, April 17, 2026. The record date on which
the Shareholders are qualified to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting is Thursday, April 23, 2026.

For determining the entitlement to the proposed final and special dividends, the Register of Members of the
Company will be closed from Wednesday, May 20, 2026 to Tuesday, May 26, 2026, both dates inclusive, during
which period no transfer of shares will be registered. The record date on which the shareholders of the Company
are qualified to receive the proposed final and special dividends is Tuesday, May 26, 2026 (ex-dividend date:
Monday, May 18, 2026). In order to be qualified for the proposed final and special dividends, unregistered holders of
shares of the Company shall ensure that all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must
be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, May 19, 2026.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant
impact on the Group in all material respects.

                                                                                        By the Order of the Board
                                                                                           Andy Xuan Zhang
                                                                                                Chairman

                                                                                               March 5, 2026




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining and promoting stringent corporate governance. The principle of the
Company’s corporate governance is to promote effective internal control measures, uphold a high standard of
ethics, transparency, responsibility and integrity in all aspects of business, to ensure that its affairs are conducted in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations and to enhance the transparency and accountability of the Board
to Shareholders.

The Board believes that good corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the
Company to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value and formulate its business strategies
and policies.

The Company adopted the code provisions as set out in the CG Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules
that are applicable during the Reporting Period. In the opinion of the Directors, throughout the Reporting Period,
the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions set out in the CG Code, save and except for code
provision C.2.1 which stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not
be performed by the same individual. Details of the deviation are set out in the section headed “Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer” in this Corporate Governance Report.

The Board will continue to regularly review and monitor its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance
with the CG Code, and maintain a high standard of corporate governance practices of the Company.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has devised its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions (the “Company’s Securities
Dealing Code”), regarding Directors’ and relevant employees’ dealings in the Company’s securities on terms no
less exacting than those set out in the Model Code. Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors, and save
as disclosed below, the Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Company’s Securities Dealing
Code throughout the Reporting Period.

During the black-out period in relation to the publication of the annual results announcement of the Company dated
March 5, 2026, Mr. Dong Jiang, who was an executive Director at that time, inadvertently disposed of 500 ordinary
shares of the Company (representing approximately 0.0013% of his interests in the shares of the Company) on
February 26, 2026 through an online trading platform.

Upon becoming aware of the execution, Mr. Jiang attempted to unwind the transaction but was informed that the
transaction could not be reversed. Mr. Jiang subsequently notified the Company and the Company took immediate
steps, including seeking advice from its legal advisers and informing the Stock Exchange of the incident. The
Company understands that the relevant disclosure of interests form has been prepared and filed in relation to
the incident. The disposal by Mr. Jiang constituted a dealing in the securities of the Company that fell within its
black-out period and was in breach of paragraphs A.3(a)(i) and B.8 of the Model Code. Mr. Jiang confirmed to the
Company that the incident was an inadvertent oversight.

The Company takes compliance with the Listing Rules and the Model Code seriously and will continue to enhance
its internal control measures relating to directors’ dealings. In view of the above incident, the Company has taken
remedial actions, including (i) re-circulating the Model Code and reminding the Directors on a more frequent basis
of the requirements of the Model Code and the importance of compliance with such provisions; and (ii) providing
appropriate regular training to Directors on their obligations under the Model Code with a view to avoiding
recurrence.

The Company’s Securities Dealing Code also applies to all relevant employees of the Company who are likely to be
in possession of inside information of the Company. No incident of non-compliance of the Company’s Securities
Dealing Code by the relevant employees was noted by the Company.


88    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The Board oversees the Group’s businesses, strategic decisions and performance and should make decisions
objectively in the best interests of the Company.

The Board should regularly review the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities
to the Company, and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them. The Board recognizes
the importance and benefits of conducting regular evaluation of its performance. An internal Board evaluation
was conducted annually in the form of questionnaire with the aim of soliciting valuable feedback, improving the
effectiveness and enhancing accountability of the Board. The scope of the evaluation focused on the composition
and diversity, as well as effectiveness of the performance of the Board. The evaluation questionnaire consisted
of both quantitative elements based on the ratings, as well as qualitative recommendations on any areas of
improvement. The evaluation results had been presented to the Board for follow-up actions of improvement.

The evaluation results indicated that the members of the Board broadly agreed that the Board had operated
satisfactorily. They were also satisfied, in general, with the composition and effectiveness of the Board.

The Board has established the Group’s purpose, values and strategy, and has satisfied itself that the Group’s
culture is aligned. Acting with integrity and leading by example, the Directors promote the desired culture to instill
and continually reinforce across the Group the values of acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly. The Group has
adopted anti-corruption and whistleblowing policies to provide forums for reporting issues and concerns on any
misconduct, and to uphold business integrity in its operations.

The Group is committed to seeking progress while maintaining stability and strives to improve operational efficiency
and strengthen the risk control measures. Effective risk control will remain as the core competitiveness and
investment highlight of the Group, while the Group will strive to extend its business to upstream and downstream
of the industrial chain and further explore business opportunities. A healthy corporate culture is important to good
corporate governance, which is crucial for achieving sustainable long-term success of the Group.

BOARD COMPOSITION

As at the date of this annual report, the Board comprises eight members as follows:

Executive Directors:                  Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,
                                       Chairman of the Nomination Committee and Member of
                                       the Remuneration Committee)
                                      Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang (Vice Chairman) (appointed on February 27, 2025)
                                      Mr. Dong Jiang (Joint President) (resigned on March 5, 2026)
                                      Mr. Zhi Gao (President) (appointed on March 5, 2026）

Non-executive Director:               Mr. Wai Yip Tsang (appointed on May 13, 2025)

Independent Non-executive             Mr. Tin Fan Yuen (Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and
  Directors:                           Member of the Audit Committee)
                                      Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok (Chairman of the Audit Committee and
                                       Member of the Nomination Committee)
                                      Ms. Lily Li Dong (Member of the Audit Committee, the Remuneration
                                       Committee and the Nomination Committee)
                                      Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim (Member of the Audit Committee)
                                       (appointed on February 27, 2025)

Mr. Zhi Gao has obtained legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on February 24, 2026 and has
confirmed that he understood his obligations as a director of the Company.

The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of
this annual report. Save as disclosed therein, none of the members of the Board is related to one another, including
financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationships.



                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual.

Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The Board believes that
vesting the roles of both Chairman and Chief Executive Officer in Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang has the benefit of ensuring
consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall strategic planning for the
Group. Furthermore, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority for the present arrangement
will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and
effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company at a time when it is appropriate by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

Independent Non-executive Directors

During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the
appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board with
one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
expertise.

The Company has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of
his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

The Company has put in place mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board. This
is achieved by giving directors access to external independent professional advice from legal advisers and auditor,
as well as the full attendance of all independent non-executive Directors at all the meetings of the Board and its
relevant committees held during the Reporting Period.

The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the aforementioned mechanisms on an annual basis.

Terms of Directors and Re-election of Directors

Code provision B.2.2 of the CG Code states that all directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy should be subject
to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment and that every director, including those
appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

Each of the executive Directors has entered into a service agreement with the Company for a term of three years,
subject to renewal after the expiry of the then current term. Each of the non-executive Directors and independent
non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter with the Company for a term of three years, subject
to renewal after the expiry of the then current term.




90    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Under the Company’s Articles of Association, at every annual general meeting of the Company, one-third of the
Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to, but
not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for
a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. Any Director appointed to
fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board shall not be taken into account in determining which Directors
are to retire by rotation. The retiring Directors shall be eligible for re-election thereat.

The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy or as an
addition to the Board shall hold office only until the next following general meeting of the Company and shall then be
eligible for re-election at that meeting.

Responsibilities and Accountabilities of the Directors

The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company, and is collectively responsible for directing and
supervising the Company’s affairs.

The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying
down strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance,
and ensures that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective
functioning.

The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgment on corporate actions
and operations.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek
independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their
duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities
relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of
the Company are delegated to the management.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on Directors’ and officers’ liabilities in respect of any
legal actions taken against Directors and senior management arising out of corporate activities. The insurance
coverage would be reviewed on an annual basis.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their
responsibilities and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full
awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.
All Directors have been updated on the latest developments regarding the statutory and regulatory requirements and
also the business and market changes to facilitate the performance of their responsibilities and obligations under
the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements, and enhance their awareness of good corporate governance
practices.

All directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their
knowledge and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for the Directors would be arranged and reading materials on
changes and developments to the Group’s business and to the legislative and regulatory environments relating to
the market and the operations of the Group would be provided to the Directors where appropriate. All Directors
are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses. All the Directors named in the
section headed “Corporate Information” of this annual report, who have served the Board during the Reporting
Period, confirmed that they have complied with the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code on Directors’ continuous
professional development during the Reporting Period by participating in appropriate continuous professional
development activities, and reading materials relating to regulatory updates and handouts or reviewing the papers
and circulars sent by the Company.

BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the
Nomination Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the
Company are established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties.
The terms of reference of the Board committees are posted on the websites of the Company (www.yixincars.com)
and the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and are available to the Shareholders upon request.

The list of the chairman and members of each Board committee is set out under the section “Board Composition” in
this Corporate Governance Report.

Audit Committee

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

–     assisting the Board in reviewing the financial information and reporting process of the Company;

–     monitoring and reviewing risk management and internal control systems of the Company through the internal
      audit department;

–     reviewing the effectiveness of the internal audit function of the Company;

–     reviewing the scope of audit and appointment of external auditor of the Company; and

–     supervising internal investigation and reviewing the anti-corruption policy and system and the whistleblowing
      policy and systems and other arrangements for employees of the Company to raise concerns about possible
      improprieties in any matters related to the Company.




92    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee met thrice with all members of the committee attended. The
Audit Committee’s work performed during the Reporting Period included: reviewing the Company’s annual financial
results and annual report for the year ended December 31, 2024 and the interim results and interim report for the
six months ended June 30, 2025, the significant issues on financial reporting, operational and compliance matters,
risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function, terms of engagement and remuneration
of external auditor, continuing connected transactions of the Group, the whistleblowing and anti-corruption policies
and internal audit reports.

Remuneration Committee

The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include:

–     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive
      Directors and senior management;

–     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of the non-executive Directors;

–     establishing transparent procedures for developing the Company’s policy and structure for the remuneration
      of all Directors and senior management (the “Remuneration Policy”); and

–     reviewing and making recommendations to the Board on the Remuneration Policy as follows:

                                              Remuneration Policy

      –      No individual or any of his or her associates should participate in deciding his or her own remuneration.

      –      The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is determined with reference to their
             expertise and experience in the industry, level of responsibility, the performance and profitability of the
             Group as well as remuneration benchmarks from other local and international companies and prevailing
             market conditions. Executive Directors and employees also participate in bonus arrangements which
             are determined in accordance with the performance of the Group and the individual’s performance.

The model of the Remuneration Committee described in code provision E.1.2 (c)(ii) of the CG Code has been
adopted by the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee met thrice with all members of the committee attended.
The work performed by the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period included: assessing the
performance of Directors and reviewing the terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee and remuneration
policy and package of the executive Directors and senior management of the Group (including review and approval
of matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules), and reviewing the remuneration of the
non-executive Directors.

The remuneration of the Directors and senior management are set out in Notes 8 and 33 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee also reviewed and approved material matters relating to
the 2025 Director Conditional Grant to Mr. Zhang, the 2025 Conditional Grant to Mr. Gao, and the grant of share
options to employee participants including senior managers under the 2024 Share Scheme.

The above-mentioned grants of Share Options and share awards have complied with Rule 17.03(F) and Rules
17.06B(7) and (8) of the Listing Rules. Save as disclosed above, no material matters relating to share schemes
under Rule 17.07A of the Listing Rules were required to be reviewed or approved by the Remuneration Committee
during the Reporting Period.


                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   93
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nomination Committee

The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include:

–     reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board;

–     developing and formulating relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors;

–     making recommendations to the Board on the appointment and succession planning of Directors; and

–     assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors.

The three Board policies, namely the board diversity policy (the “Board Diversity Policy”), the nomination policy (the
“Nomination Policy”) and the workforce diversity policy (the “Workforce Diversity Policy”), which are available
in the “Investor Relations” section of the Company’s website (www.yixincars.com), were adopted by the Board in
January 2018, December 2018 (and updated in September 2022) and January 2026, respectively. These three
policies set out the approach and measurable objectives to achieving diversity of the Board and the workforce and
the approach and procedures that the Board adopts in respect of the nomination and selection of Directors.

The nomination process has been, and will continue to be, conducted in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy
and the Nomination Policy. The Board will from time to time review these policies and monitor their implementation
to ensure continuous effectiveness and compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements and good corporate
governance practices.

In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Board Diversity Policy, which is reproduced as follows:

                                               Board Diversity Policy

–     Vision

      The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board to enhance its performance.
      The Company sees increasing diversity, including gender diversity, at the Board level as an essential element
      in maintaining its competitive advantage and enhancing its ability to attract, retain and motivate employees
      from the widest possible pool of available talent.

–     Policy Statement

      The Nomination Committee will review annually the structure, size and composition of the Board and where
      appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate
      strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and
      assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will
      consider a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
      professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industrial experience.

–     Measurable Objectives

      The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the
      Company’s business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at
      all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are
      considered.




94    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




       The Nomination Committee will discuss periodically and when necessary, agree on the measurable objectives
       for achieving diversity, including gender diversity, on the Board, how and when gender diversity will be
       achieved in respect of the Board, the numerical targets and timelines set for achieving gender diversity on
       the Board and the measures adopted to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve
       gender diversity. The Nomination Committee will make recommendations in relation to the aforesaid to
       the Board for adoption and consideration. In particular, the Nomination Committee will identify, and make
       recommendations to the Board to implement programs that will assist in the development of a broader and
       more diverse pool of skilled and experienced employees that, in time, their skills will prepare them for board
       positions.

–     Monitoring and Reporting

       The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination
       Committee will report annually a summary of the Board Diversity Policy, the measurable objectives and
       relevant programs that the Board has adopted for the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy, the
       progress made towards achieving these objectives, how and when gender diversity will be achieved in
       respect of the Board, the numerical targets and timelines set for achieving gender diversity on the Board and
       the measures adopted to develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board to achieve gender diversity
       in the corporate governance report contained in the Company’s annual report.

–     Review of the Board Diversity Policy

       The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure the effectiveness
       of the Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee will discuss any revisions that may be required, and
       recommend any such revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the
candidate’s character, qualifications, experience, independence and other relevant criteria necessary to complement
the corporate strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the
Board. Where a retiring Director, being eligible, offers himself or herself for re-election, the Nomination Committee
will consider and, if appropriate, recommend such retiring Director to stand for re-election. A circular containing the
requisite information on retiring Directors will be sent to the Shareholders prior to the general meeting at which such
Directors are to be proposed for re-election, in accordance with the Articles of Association and the Listing Rules.

The Company currently has one female Director, out of a total of eight Directors. Given the current composition and
gender diversity of the Board, the Board is of the view that it is not necessary for the time being to set numerical
targets and a specific timeline for achieving gender diversity under the Board Diversity Policy. Nonetheless, the
Board will endeavour to at least maintain female representation on the Board and take opportunities to increase
the proportion of female members over time as and when suitable candidates are identified. To develop a pipeline
of potential successors to the Board and maintain gender diversity, the Board has adopted and implemented
structured recruitment, selection and training programmes at various levels within the Group for the purpose of
developing a broader pool of skilled and experienced potential Board members.

                                                                                                               coverage
Board Skills Matrix                                                           no. of directors       (% of entire Board)

Business Management                                                                             8                         100%
Strategic Planning and Risk Management                                                          8                         100%
Capital Market                                                                                  3                          38%
Financial Reporting/Banking                                                                     7                          88%
Related Industry Knowledge/Experience                                                           5                          63%

The Nomination Committee reviewed the structure, size, and diversity of the Board, to ensure that its composition
complies with the Listing Rules and reflects an appropriate mix of skills, experience, and diversity that are relevant to
the Company’s strategy, governance, and business and contribute to the Board’s effectiveness and efficiency. The
Nomination Committee considered that an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is maintained.
In particular, such skills and expertise contribute to the Board’s effectiveness and efficiency in fulfilling its
responsibilities to achieve the purpose, values, strategy and desired culture of the Company, especially the ongoing
efforts to achieve high-quality industry development and steady growth as well as the reinforcement of the values of
acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly.

                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED     95
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Nomination Policy

The Nomination Policy sets out the procedure for the selection, appointment and reappointment of Directors
containing the selection criteria and the Board succession planning considerations, is reproduced as follows.

                                                  Nomination Policy

1.    Objective

      1.1    The nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of Yixin Group Limited 易鑫集团有限公司
             (the “Company”) shall identify, consider and nominate suitable individuals to the board (the “Board”)
             of directors (the “Directors”) to consider and to make recommendations to the shareholders of the
             Company (the “Shareholders”) for election of Directors at a general meeting either to fill a casual
             vacancy or as an addition to the Board.

      1.2    The Nomination Committee shall make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or
             re-appointment of Directors and succession planning (the “Succession Planning”) for Directors, in
             particular, the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company.

      1.3    The Nomination Committee may, as it considers appropriate, nominate a number of candidates more
             than the number of Directors to be appointed or re-appointed at a general meeting, or the number of
             casual vacancies to be filled.

      1.4    The Nomination Committee shall ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and
             diversity of perspectives relevant to the Company’s business.

      1.5    The ultimate responsibility for selection and appointment of Directors rests with the entire Board.

2.    Selection Criteria

      2.1    The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the
             suitability and the potential contribution to the Board of a proposed candidate:

             •        Reputation for integrity;

             •        Professional qualifications and skills;

             •        Accomplishment and experience in the automobile retail transaction and financing markets;

             •        Commitment in respect of available time and relevant contribution;

             •        Independence of proposed independent non-executive Directors; and

             •        Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural
                      and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of
                      service.

      The above factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination
      Committee has the discretion to nominate any person to the Board, as it considers appropriate.




96   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.   Nomination Procedures

     3.1   The Company Secretary shall call a meeting of the Nomination Committee, and invite nominations of
           candidates from the Board, if any, for consideration by the Nomination Committee prior to its meeting.

     3.2   The Nomination Committee shall nominate candidates for the consideration and recommendation of
           the Board. The Nomination Committee may propose candidates who are not nominated by the Board.
           The Board shall have the final decision on all matters in relation to its nomination of any candidates to
           stand for election at a general meeting.

     3.3   The candidate nominated by the Board to stand for election at a general meeting (the “Board
           Candidate”, together with the Shareholder Candidate defined in paragraph 3.6 below, the
           “Candidate”) will submit the necessary personal information, together with his/her written consent to
           be elected as a Director and to the publication of his/her personal information for the purpose of or
           in relation to his/her standing for election as a Director. The Nomination Committee may request the
           Board Candidate to provide additional information and documents, if considered necessary.

     3.4   A circular will be sent to the Shareholders (the “Shareholder Circular”) as to provide information
           of the Board Candidate, and to invite nominations from the Shareholders. The Shareholder Circular
           will include (i) the period for lodgment (the “Lodgment Period”) of nominations by the Shareholders;
           (ii) the personal information of the Board Candidate as required by the applicable laws, rules and
           regulations, inter alia, name, brief biographies (including qualifications and relevant experience),
           independence, proposed remuneration.

     3.5   Until the issue of the Shareholder Circular, the Board Candidate shall not assume that he/she has
           been nominated by the Board to stand for election at the general meeting.

     3.6   A Shareholder can serve a notice (the “Notice”) to the Company Secretary within the Lodgment
           Period to propose a resolution to elect another person (the “Shareholder Candidate”) other than the
           Board Candidate as a Director. The Notice (i) must include the personal information of the Shareholder
           Candidate as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules; and (ii) must be signed by the Shareholder
           concerned and signed by the Shareholder Candidate indicating his/her consent to be elected and to
           the publication of his/her personal information for the purpose of or in relation to his/her standing for
           election as a Director. The particulars of the Shareholder Candidate will be sent to the Shareholders
           for information by a supplementary circular.

     3.7   The Candidate is allowed to withdraw his/her candidature at any time before the general meeting by
           serving a notice in writing to the Company Secretary.

     3.8   The resolution for election of Directors for the Shareholder Candidate shall take the same form as for
           the Board Candidate.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   97
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




4.   Succession Planning

     4.1     The objectives of the Succession Planning are to ensure an effective and orderly succession of
             Directors and to maintain the balance of diversity, collective knowledge and skills of the Board
             necessary for the effective governance of the Company.

     4.2     The following considerations will be used by the Nomination Committee in making recommendations
             for the Succession Planning:

             •         Required knowledge, skills and experience at a full Board composite level to effectively fulfill the
                       Board’s legal role and responsibilities;

             •         An appropriate balance of diversity across the Board, as set out in Section 2.1 and Section 4 of
                       the Nomination Policy;

             •         Personal qualities of each candidate with reference but not limited to the factors listed in
                       Section 2.1 of the Nomination Policy;

             •         Continuity through a smooth succession of Directors; and

             •         Compliance with the relevant legal and regulatory requirements.

     4.3     The above considerations are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The
             Nomination Committee will review the Succession Planning together with the Board periodically, and
             recommend revisions, if any, to the Board for consideration and approval.

5.   Confidentiality

     Unless required by law or any regulatory authority, under no circumstances shall a member of the Nomination
     Committee or an employee of the Company disclose any information to or entertain any enquiries from the
     public with regard to any nomination or candidature before the Shareholder Circular, as the case may be, is
     issued. Following the issue of the Shareholder Circular, the Nomination Committee or the Company Secretary
     or other employee of the Company approved by the Nomination Committee may answer enquiries from the
     regulatory authorities or the public but confidential information regarding nominations and the Candidate
     should not be disclosed.

6.   Monitoring and Reporting

     The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Nomination Policy and report annually
     a summary of the Nomination Policy including the nomination procedures, criteria for selection, the board
     diversity policy and the progress made towards achieving the objectives set in the Nomination Policy in the
     company’s corporate governance report contained in the Company’s annual report.

7.   Review of the Nomination Policy

     In order to ensure the Nomination Policy remains relevant to the Company’s needs and reflects both
     regulatory requirements and good corporate governance practice, the Nomination Committee will review
     the Nomination Policy as appropriate and recommend revisions, if any, to the Board for consideration and
     approval.




98   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Workforce Diversity Policy

The workforce diversity policy applies to all employees (including senior management) and is reproduced as follows:

                                           Workforce Diversity Policy

1.    Policy Statement

       Yixin Group Limited 易鑫集团有限公司 (the “Company” and together with its subsidiaries and its consolidated
       affiliated entity, the “Group”) recognizes that a diverse and inclusive workforce (including senior management)
       is an essential driver of innovation, sustainable growth, and competitive advantage. The Group values the
       unique perspectives and experiences of its employees and is committed to establishing a workplace culture
       where all individuals are respected, valued, and empowered to contribute.

       This policy (the “Policy”) applies to all employees (including senior management) of the Group.

2.    Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

       Diversity is a core value embraced by the Group. In designing the composition of the workforce, the Group
       considers a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
       ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge, and length of service. We strive to create a supportive
       working environment that fosters:

       •      Gender Diversity: The Group is committed to fostering gender diversity, equality and empowerment.
              We aim to maintain a balanced representation of gender across our workforce (including senior
              management), and providing equal opportunities in relation to recruitment, training and development,
              compensation, and career and promotion opportunities.

       •      Meritocracy: The Group provides equal opportunities to all employees and applicants. All
              employment-related decisions – including recruitment, compensation, training, promotion, and
              retention – are based on merit, qualifications, experience, skills, and performance.

       •      Inclusivity: We embrace diversity in all its forms, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
              educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, and knowledge.

       The Group places specific emphasis on ensuring diversity within its senior management team (as defined in
       the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing
       Rules”)) to ensure a breadth of perspectives in leadership.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   99
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




3.    Measurable Objectives and Implementation

      The Group adopts a holistic approach to workforce diversity, ensuring that hiring and development practices
      support the Group’s strategic objectives.

      (a)     The board (the “Board”) of the Company (or its delegated committee(s)) may, from time to time, set
              measurable objectives (including numerical targets and timelines where appropriate) for achieving
              diversity across the workforce (including senior management).

      (b)     Gender Diversity and Mitigating Factors:

              Targets: The Group will develop plans or measurable objectives to promote gender diversity in the
              workforce (including senior management).

              Industry Context: In establishing such objectives, the Group may take into account mitigating factors
              or circumstances – such as the nature of the industries and the availability of talent pools – which
              may make achieving specific gender ratios across the workforce (including senior management) more
              challenging or less relevant in certain operational areas.

      (c)     Pipeline Development: To support these objectives, the Group focuses on developing a diverse
              pipeline of talent. The Group provides training and professional development opportunities from time to
              its employees on diversity and inclusion-related topics.

4.    Monitoring and Reporting

      The Board (or its delegated committee(s)) is responsible for monitoring the implementation of this Policy.

      •       Data Collection: The Group will collect and compile data regarding workforce demographics
              (including gender ratios, age groups, and employment types) to facilitate monitoring and reporting.

      •       Disclosure: This Policy is available on the Company’s website. In accordance with the Listing Rules,
              the Group will disclose details of this Policy in its corporate governance report.

5.    Review of Policy

      This Policy will be reviewed by the Board (or its delegated committee(s)) from time to time to ensure its
      continued effectiveness, appropriateness, and compliance with applicable regulatory requirements and market
      standards. Revisions may be made as necessary to reflect the Group’s strategic objectives and the evolving
      nature of its business.




100   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




As at December 31, 2025, as set out in the section headed “6. Upholding the Concept of Putting People First” in
the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report” as contained in the “Environmental, Social and Governance
Report and Climate Information Disclosures Report 2025” of the Company, among the 4,871 employees (including
senior management) of the Group, the percentages of male employees and female employees are 60.83% and
39.17%, respectively. The Board considers that the current gender ratio of the Group’s workforce (including senior
management) is appropriate for its operations and, therefore, is of the view that it is not necessary for the time
being to set numerical targets and a specific timeline for achieving gender diversity under the Workforce Diversity
Policy. Nonetheless, the Group will aim to continue to maintain gender diversity in its workforce. Information about
the diversity, including the gender diversity, in the workforce during the Reporting Period are set out in the above
section of the “Environmental, Social and Governance Report and Climate Information Disclosures Report 2025” of
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee met twice with all members of the committee attended
to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, the independence of the independent non-executive
Directors, the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Policy as well as to consider and make recommendations
to the Board on the qualifications of the Directors standing for re-election at the annual general meeting of the
Company held in 2025.

During the meetings, the Nomination Committee reviewed and assessed the time commitment and contribution to
the Board by each Director. The assessment considered each Director’s ability to discharge their responsibilities,
taking into account factors, such as participation at Board and Board committee meetings, existing listed
company directorships, other significant external time commitments and training undertaken. Having considered
also the results of the Board performance evaluation, including questionnaires in relation to the performance and
responsibilities of the Directors, structure and composition of the Board, proceedings of the Board, skills matrix
and diversity of the Board, the Nomination Committee regards the Directors’ time commitment and contribution to
the Board (as a whole) to be adequate. Furthermore, the Nomination Committee is satisfied that each Director can
discharge their responsibilities effectively and the overall performance of the Board aligns with the business and
strategic goals of the Group.

Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Company’s Securities Dealing Code, and
the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   101
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




BOARD MEETINGS

The attendance records of the Directors at Board meetings, Audit Committee meetings, Remuneration Committee
meetings, Nomination Committee meetings and the general meetings held during the Reporting Period are as
follows:

                                                                                                                 Annual    Extraordinary
                                                             Audit       Remuneration     Nomination            General         General
Directors                                  Board         Committee         Committee      Committee             Meeting         Meeting


Executive Directors:
Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang                           6/6                  N/A            3/3              2/2               1/1            1/1
Mr. Rodney Ling Kay Tsang2                    4/4                  N/A            N/A              N/A               1/1            1/1
Mr. Dong Jiang6                               6/6                  N/A            N/A              N/A               0/1            1/1
Mr. Zhi Gao7                                  N/A                  N/A            N/A              N/A               N/A            N/A

Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Qing Hua Xie4                              3/3                 N/A            N/A              N/A               1/1            N/A
Mr. Qin Miao1                                  0/1                 N/A            N/A              N/A               N/A            N/A
Ms. Amanda Chi Yan Chau4                       2/3                 N/A            N/A              N/A               1/1            N/A
Mr. Wai Yip Tsang5                             2/2                 N/A            N/A              N/A               N/A            N/A

Independent Non-executive
  Directors:
Mr. Tin Fan Yuen                               6/6                 3/3            3/3              N/A               1/1             1/1
Mr. Chester Tun Ho Kwok                        6/6                 3/3            N/A              2/2               1/1             1/1
Ms. Lily Li Dong                               6/6                 3/3            3/3              2/2               1/1             1/1
Mr. Henry Chi Hung Yim3                        4/4                 2/2            N/A              N/A               1/1             1/1

1
       resigned as a non-executive Director on January 13, 2025.
2
       appointed as an executive Director on February 27, 2025.
3
       appointed as an independent non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee on February 27, 2025
4
       retired as a non-executive Director on May 12, 2025.
5
       appointed as a non-executive Director on May 13, 2025.
6
       resigned as an executive Director on March 5, 2026
7
       appointed as an executive Director on March 5, 2026


In addition, a meeting between the Chairman and the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of
other Directors was held.




102   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIVIDEND POLICY

The dividend policy adopted by the Company (the “Dividend Policy”), which outlines the factors that should be
taken into account in determining any dividend for distribution to the Shareholders, is reproduced as follows.

                                                   Dividend Policy

The Dividend Policy aims to set out the principles and guidelines that Yixin Group Limited (the “Company”) intends
to apply in relation to the declaration, payment or distribution of its net profits as dividend to the shareholders of the
Company.

Subject to the Cayman Islands Companies Law and the articles of association of the Company (as amended
from time to time), the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of the Company has absolute discretion
on whether to distribute dividends. In addition, the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) may by
ordinary resolution declare dividends in any currency, but no dividend may be declared in excess of the amount
recommended by the Board. In either case, a dividend may only be declared and paid out of the profits and
reserves of the Company lawfully available for distribution including share premium, and in no circumstances may
a dividend be paid if this would result in the Company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business. The Company does not have any pre-determined dividend payout ratio. In deciding whether to
propose any dividend, and in determining the form, frequency and amount of dividends (if any), the Board will take
into account the Company’s future operations and earnings, cash flow position, capital requirements and surplus,
general financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board considers relevant.

Any future dividend payments to the Shareholders will also depend upon the availability of dividends received from
our subsidiaries and our consolidated affiliated entities. Regulations in China may restrict the ability of our Chinese
subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities to pay dividends to the Company.

If the Company pays any dividends on the Shares, unless and to the extent that the rights attached to the Shares,
or the terms of issue thereof otherwise provide, (i) all dividends will be declared and paid according to the amounts
paid up on the Shares in respect of which the dividend is paid, but no amount paid up on Shares in advance of calls
may for this purpose be treated as paid up on the Shares; and (ii) all dividends will be apportioned and paid pro rata
according to the amounts paid up on the Shares during any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the
dividend is paid. The Directors may deduct from any dividend or other monies payable to any of the Shareholders all
sums of money (if any) presently payable by such Shareholders to the Company on account of calls, installments or
otherwise.

This dividend policy will continue to be reviewed from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividends will
be paid in any particular amount, if at all, for any given period.

ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY AND WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

The Group has established (i) policy and measures that promote and support anti-corruption laws and regulations;
and (ii) whistleblowing policy and measures for employees, suppliers and business partners to raise concerns,
in confidence and anonymity, with the Audit Committee about possible improprieties in any matter related to the
Group. For further details of the Group’s anti-corruption and whistleblowing policy and/or measures, please refer to
the section headed “4. Strengthening Management and Standardizing Operation” of the “Environmental, Social and
Governance Report and Climate Information Disclosures Report 2025” of the Company.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   103
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing
to take in achieving the Company’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective
risk management and internal control systems. The Board oversees risk management functions directly and also
through the Audit Committee and the senior management, and will assess the effectiveness of the risk management
and internal control systems at least once a year.

The senior management is responsible for the overall implementation of risk management and internal control plans
and policies determined by the Board and managing the risks in connection with all of the Company’s business
operations. The senior management identifies, assesses and takes measures against any significant risks that the
Company is facing, and reviews the risk assessment report on a quarterly basis and reports to the Board on a
semi-annual basis.

The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and monitoring and overseeing the risk
management and internal control systems through the internal audit department, and reporting and making
recommendations to the Board where appropriate.

The internal audit department oversees the risk management and internal control systems under the supervision
of the Audit Committee by performing independent audit on the effectiveness and completeness of the risk
management and internal control systems. It identifies any material risks and makes recommendations on the
improvement and rectification plans and measures and conducts follow-up audits with regard to the identified issues
to ensure that the planned remedial measures have been duly implemented. The internal audit department operates
independently from the Company’s business centers and departments and directly reports the audit findings and
follow-up status to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis.

Disclosure of Inside Information

The Company has developed its disclosure policy which provides a general guide to the Directors, officers, senior
management and relevant employees in handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and
responding to enquiries.

Control procedures have been implemented to ensure that unauthorized access and use of inside information are
strictly prohibited.

Continuing Connected Transactions

The Company has put in place appropriate policies and procedures to monitor and ensure its continuing connected
transactions are entered into and conducted in accordance with the terms of the relevant agreements and the
requirements of the Listing Rules.




104   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Reference is made to the Prospectus in relation to the following internal control procedures adopted by the Group
for the continuing connected transactions of the Company:

(a)   No member of the Group shall conduct any connected transactions, (i) which are either not on arm’s
      length terms or (ii) which are on arm’s length terms but are in excess of 5% of the Group’s net assets
      or if aggregated with all other connected transactions in the same fiscal year will exceed 20% of annual
      budgeted revenue of the Group for the fiscal year, without the affirmative consent or approval by the majority
      of the Directors. For further details, see the section headed “History and Corporate Structure – Pre-IPO
      Investments” of the Prospectus.

(b)   The Company has established internal control mechanisms to identify connected transactions. If the Group
      enters into connected transactions with the Controlling Shareholders or any of their associates, the Company
      will comply with the applicable Listing Rules. For further details, see the section headed “Relationship with
      Our Controlling Shareholders – Corporate Governance Measures” of the Prospectus.

The Group has adopted clear pricing policies and guidelines for its continuing connected transactions and
procedures for determining the price and terms of the transactions in accordance with such pricing policies and
guidelines. For purchases of products or services, the operations department of the Group would obtain quotations
for comparable products or services from not less than two independent third parties as well as from the connected
person in question; it would then carry out an analysis of the options available taking into account a range of
factors, such as the pricing, payment terms, expertise, capabilities and reputation of the suppliers and the Group’s
past business experience with the suppliers (if any); the results of such analysis would be reported to the senior
management of the Group; the senior management would then form a view as to which option is most favourable to
the Group and would then report its findings to the Board for approval. For sales of products or services, the Group
either applies pricing more favourable to the Group to a connected person as compared to the pricing offered to
other customers or charges the market price. To assess the market price, the operations department of the Group
would obtain pricing for comparable products or services from not less than two independent third parties. In any
case, the pricing and terms of a continuing connected transaction must be no less favourable to the Group than
those available to or from independent third parties, fair and reasonable and in the interest of the Shareholders and
the Company as a whole. No agreement for any continuing connected transaction would be entered into unless with
prior approval of the senior management of the Group and the Board. The Company confirms that it has followed
its pricing policies and guidelines when determining the price and terms of its continuing connected transactions
conducted during the Reporting Period.

The legal and compliance department and the financial management department of the Group will also review the
terms of any proposed new continuing connected transaction or any existing continuing connected transaction
proposed to be renewed to ensure compliance with the Listing Rules. None of such agreements would be entered
into unless with prior approval of the legal and compliance department, the financial management department and
senior management of the Group and the Board.

The legal and compliance department and the financial management department of the Group will summarize the
transaction amounts incurred under the Group’s continuing connected transactions regularly on a monthly basis and
report to the senior management of the Group. The senior management and the relevant departments of the Group
will be informed of the status of the continuing connected transactions in a timely manner such that the transaction
amounts can be conducted within the relevant annual caps (if applicable). In addition, the independent non-executive
Directors will conduct an annual review of the implementation of the continuing connected transactions. The
Company will also engage its external auditors to conduct annual review of the continuing connected transactions in
accordance with the requirements under the Listing Rules.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   105
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Group will regularly examine the pricing of its continuing connected transactions to ensure that such
transactions are conducted in accordance with the pricing terms thereof, including reviewing the historical
transaction records of the Group for similar services and arrangements with other independent third party for similar
services.

Risk Management

The Company has established a risk management system which sets out the roles and responsibilities of each
relevant party as well as the relevant risk management policies and processes. The Company, on a regular basis,
identifies and assesses risk factors that may negatively affect the achievement of its objectives, and formulates
appropriate response measures.

The Company has adopted the following dynamic risk management process in response to the ever-changing risk
landscape:

•     Business and functional departments identify, assess and respond to risks in the course of operation in a
      systematic manner, escalating concerns and communicating results to the senior management;

•     The significant risks at the company level as well as the relevant risk response strategies and control
      measures will be reviewed by senior management and subsequently by the Audit Committee before reporting
      to the Board;

•     The internal audit department reviews and evaluates the responses to significant risks from time to time, and
      reports to the Audit Committee at least once a year; and

•     The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, assesses and determines the nature and level of the risks that
      the Company is willing to take in order to achieve its business objectives and formulates appropriate response
      strategies which includes designating responsible departments for handling each significant risk. The Audit
      Committee provides guidance to the Company’s management to implement effective risk management
      system with supports from the internal audit department.

Internal Control

The Company has always valued the importance of the internal control systems, and has complied with the
requirements under Appendix C1 (Corporate Governance Code) and Appendix D2 (Disclosure of Financial
Information) of the Listing Rules.

The management of the Company is responsible for the design, implementation and maintenance of the
effectiveness of the internal control systems. The Board, assisted by the Audit Committee, is responsible for
monitoring and overseeing the performance of management over the internal control system to ensure that it is
appropriate and effective.




106   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The Company’s internal control systems clearly define the roles and responsibilities of each party as well as the
authorizations and approvals required for key actions of the Company. Policies and procedures are put in place for
the key business processes. This information is also clearly conveyed to employees of the Company in practice and
plays an important role in the internal control systems. All employees must strictly follow the policies which cover,
amongst other things, financial, legal and operational issues that set the control standards for the management of
each business process.

In addition, the internal audit department supervises the establishment of the risk management and internal control
systems set up by management, ensures that management has implemented appropriate measures and reports the
general situation of risk management and internal control of the Company to the Audit Committee on a quarterly
basis. The internal audit department also conducts objective evaluation on the effectiveness of the Company’s risk
management and internal control systems and reports the results to the Audit Committee.

Effectiveness of Risk Management and Internal Control

The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, continuously reviews the risk management and internal control
systems.

The review process comprises, among other things, of meetings with management of business and functional
departments, internal audit department, legal and compliance department, and the external auditors, reviewing the
relevant work reports and information of key performance indicators, internal audit department and external auditors’
assessment on internal control and discussing the major risks with the senior management of the Company.

The Board is of the view that throughout the Reporting Period, the risk management and internal control systems of
the Group are effective and adequate.

In addition, the Board believes that the Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions have been performed
by staff with appropriate qualifications and experience and that such staff receive appropriate and sufficient training
and development. Based on the work report from the Audit Committee, the Board also believes that the Company’s
internal audit and financial reporting functions are adequate with sufficient resources and budget. The relevant staff
have appropriate qualifications and experience, and receive sufficient training and development.

The management has confirmed to the Board and the Audit Committee on the effectiveness of the risk management
and internal control systems for the Reporting Period.

The Board, as supported by the Audit Committee as well as the management report and the internal audit findings
by the internal audit department, reviewed the risk management and internal control systems, including the financial,
operational and compliance controls, for the Reporting Period, and considered that such systems are effective and
adequate. The annual review also ensured the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training
programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting financial reporting and internal audit functions as well as
those relating to the Company’s ESG performance and reporting.

Arrangements are put in place to facilitate employees of the Company to raise, in confidence, concerns about
possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   107
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the
Reporting Period.

The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial
statements is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report.

RELATIONSHIP WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

The Company has adopted various measures to safeguard good corporate governance standards and to avoid
potential conflict of interests between the Group and the Controlling Shareholders. For details of the measures
adopted, please refer to the section headed “CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MEASURES” of the Prospectus.

The independent non-executive Directors have conducted an annual review and nothing has come to their attention
that there is any conflict of interests between the Group and our Controlling Shareholders.

The Directors are satisfied that sufficient corporate governance measures have been put in place to manage conflict
of interests that may arise between the Group and the Controlling Shareholders, and to protect the interests of
minority Shareholders.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid/payable to the Auditor, in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the Reporting
Period is set out below:

Service Category

                                                                                      Fees Paid/Payable
                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


Audit Services                                                                           6,400                6,566
Non-audit Services                                                                       1,464                1,338


Total                                                                                    7,864                7,904


The statement of the Auditor about their reporting responsibilities for the consolidated financial statements is set
out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” of this annual report. During the Reporting Period, the
remuneration paid/payable to the Auditor was disclosed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The audit
and audit-related services conducted by the Auditor mainly comprised statutory audits and reviews for the Group
and certain of its subsidiaries, and the reporting on continuing connected transactions. The non-audit services
conducted by the Auditor mainly included professional services, including ESG consulting service and service related
to risk management review.




108     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




COMPANY SECRETARY

The selection, appointment and dismissal of the Company Secretary is subject to approval by the Board in
accordance with the Articles of Association and CG Code. The Company Secretary, Mr. Man Wah Cheng, is an
employee of the Company, reports to the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for facilitating the
Board’s processes and communications among Board members, with the Shareholders and with the management
of the Company. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary and independent
professional advice may be sought by the Directors if required to ensure that the Board procedures, and all
applicable law, rules and regulations, are followed.

According to Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Cheng took no less than 15 hours of the relevant professional
training during the year ended December 31, 2025.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The Company engages with Shareholders through various communication channels and a Shareholders’
Communication Policy is in place to ensure that Shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed.

The Shareholders’ Communication Policy was introduced in 2018, which is available on the Company’s website
(http://www.yixincars.com/en/page_governance_en.html) and sets out the Company’s commitment to maintaining
an effective ongoing dialogue with Shareholders.

In summary, the Shareholders’ Communication Policy aims to ensure that, among others, the Shareholders are
provided with ready, equal, regular and timely access to material information about the Company in order to
maintain an on-going dialogue with the Shareholders and to enable the Shareholders to exercise their rights in an
informed manner.

The Company communicates information to the Shareholders through different channels, including, among others,
its periodical financial announcements and reports, annual general meetings and other general meetings (if any), all
the disclosures submitted to the Stock Exchange and its corporate communications and other publications on the
Company’s website.

The mechanisms utilised by the Company for communication of information with the Shareholders include (i)
communication through the Shareholders’ enquiries; (ii) corporate communications with the Shareholders in the
language and means chosen by the Shareholders; (iii) posting of relevant information on the Company’s website; (iv)
communication at the Shareholders’ meetings; and (v) investment market communications, such as investor/analysts
briefings and one-on-one meetings, roadshows, media interviews, marketing activities for investors and specialist
industry forums. Shareholders may also at any time make a request for the Company’s publicly available information
through the Company’s email address and enquiry hotlines.

To ensure that general meetings of the Company provides a useful forum for Shareholders to exchange views with
the Board, the Shareholders’ Communication Policy provides that, among other things, the Company shall provide
the Shareholders with relevant information on the resolution(s) proposed at the meeting in a timely manner in
accordance with the Listing Rules. In addition, the chairman of the Board or his delegates, other Board members,
the chairmen of the Board committees, appropriate management executives and external auditors will attend general
meetings to answer the Shareholders’ questions. The Company will also monitor and review the process of its
general meetings on a regular basis, and, if necessary, make changes to ensure that the Shareholders’ needs are
best served.

See the Company’s Articles of Association for details.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   109
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




The ESG Committee is responsible for regularly reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’
Communication Policy. Following the annual review on the Shareholders’ and investors’ engagement and
communication activities of the Group, the ESG Committee was satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness
of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy, which enables the Company to carry out effective two-way
communication with its investors and shareholders by way of regular meetings and timely updates of the Company’s
financial results and developments. All communications between the Company and the Shareholders will need to
abide by the applicable laws and regulations.

To safeguard Shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially
separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general
meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

Right to Call an Extraordinary General Meeting by Shareholders

Pursuant to Article 12.3 of the Articles of Association, general meetings shall be convened on the written requisition
of any one or more members (including a recognized clearing house (or its nominees)) holding at the date of deposit
of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the voting rights at general meetings (on a one vote per share basis) in
the share capital of the Company deposited at the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong or, in the event
the Company ceases to have such a principal office, the registered office specifying the objects of the meeting
and signed by the requisitionists, provided that such requisitionists held as at the date of deposit of the requisition
not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company which carries the right of voting at general meetings
of the Company. If the Board does not within 21 days from the date of deposit of the requisition proceed duly to
convene the meeting to be held within a further 21 days, the requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing
more than one-half of the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the general meeting in the same manner,
as nearly as possible, as that in which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that any meeting so
convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the date of deposit of the requisition, and all
reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to
them by the Company.

Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings

There are no provisions in the Articles of Association or in the Cayman Companies Law for putting forward
proposals of new resolutions by Shareholders at general meetings. Shareholder(s) who wish to move a resolution
may request the Company to convene an extraordinary general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out
in the preceding paragraph. For proposing a person for election as a Director, please refer to the “Procedures for
Shareholders to Propose a Person for Election as a Director of the Company” posted in the “Investor Relations”
section of the Company’s website (www.yixincars.com).

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board

For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.




110   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT




Contact Details

Shareholders and the investment community may send their enquiries or requests for publicly available information
of the Company as mentioned above to the following:

Address:      Yixin Building
              1 North, Zhongguancun Hongqiao Innovation Center
              365 Linhong Road, Changning District
              Shanghai, China

Email:        ir@yixincars.com (Head of Investor Relations)
              hkcompliance@yxqiche.com (Company Secretary)

Any shareholding matters, such as transfer of Shares, change of name or address, and loss of Share certificates
should be address in writing to the Hong Kong Share Registrar:

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

Address:      17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong
              (for change of name or address and loss of Share certificates)
Address:      Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
              (for transfer of Shares)
Telephone:    (852) 2862 8628
Facsimile:    (852) 2865 0990/2529 6087
Enquiries:    www.computershare.com/hk/en/online_feedback

For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholders must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above addresses and provide their full name, contact details
and identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.

INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations
and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company endeavours to
maintain an on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other
general meetings. The chairman of the Board and other Board members, in particular, the chairmen of Board
committees (or their delegates as appropriate), appropriate management executives and external auditor will use all
reasonable endeavours to attend annual general meetings and to answer enquiries of Shareholders.

The Memorandum and Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Company (www.yixincars.com) and
the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk). During the Reporting Period, the Company has amended its Memorandum
and Articles of Association, details of the amendments are set out in the circular of the Company dated March 14,
2025.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   111
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of Yixin Group Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION

What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of Yixin Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”),
which are set out on pages 120 to 223, comprise:

•      the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2025;

•      the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•      the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•      the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and
       other explanatory information.

Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under
those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants as issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements
of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.




112   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

•        Measurement of expected credit losses

•        Fair value measurement of financial assets categorized as level 3


    Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

    Measurement of expected credit losses                      Our procedures in relation to the measurement of
                                                               expected credit losses included:
    Refer to note 3.1(b), 4.1(a), note 18, note 20 and note
    26 to the consolidated financial statements.               Understanding and evaluating management’s
                                                               assessment process and controls
    As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s expected
    credit losses (“ECL”) allowance of finance receivables     •     We obtained an understanding of the
    and loans recognized as a result of payment                      management’s internal controls and assessment
    under risk assurance amounted to approximately                   process relating to management’s ECL model,
    RMB1,147,487,000 and RMB194,396,000 respectively,                significant assumptions and major data inputs
    and the ECL allowance of risk assurance liabilities              and assessed the inherent risk of material
    amounted to approximately RMB2,864,974,000.                      misstatement by considering the degree of
                                                                     estimation uncertainty;
    The balances of provisions for ECL of finance
    receivables, loans recognized as a result of payment       •     We tested IT controls over the information
    under risk assurance and risk assurance liabilities              systems which are used to maintain the
    represent management’s best estimate at the balance              completeness and accuracy of related
    sheet date of expected credit losses under International         contractual information with each customer.
    Financial Reporting Standard 9: Financial Instruments
    expected credit losses model (“IFRS 9”).




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   113
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 The Group assesses whether the ECL of finance                  Su bstan tive testin g of th e measu r ement of
 receivables, loans recognized as a result of payment           expected credit losses
 under risk assurance and risk assurance liabilities has
 increased significantly since their initial recognition, and   •    We involved our internal modelling specialist and
 applies a three-stage impairment model to calculate                 reviewed the modelling methodologies used for
 their ECL allowance. For loans recognized as a result               measuring the ECL allowance measurement,
 of payment under risk assurance, which are purchased                and assessed the reasonableness of model
 or originated credit-impaired (“POCI”) financial assets,            selection, key parameters estimation, significant
 the Group estimates the lifetime expected credit losses.            judgments and assumptions in relation to the
 For measuring ECL allowance, the Group adopted                      model.
 a complex model, employed numerous parameters
 and data inputs, and applied significant management                 o     Modelling specialist examined the
 judgments and assumptions with a high degree of                           coding for model measurement, and
 estimation uncertainty.                                                   tested whether or not the model
                                                                           for measuring the ECL reflected the
 The model for measuring the ECL allowance involves                        modelling methodologies documented by
 significant management judgments and assumptions,                         management;
 primarily for the following:
                                                                     o     We verified the financial information and
 •      Choosing appropriate models and assumptions                        non-financial information of the finance
        and determination of relevant key measurement                      receivables, loans recognized as a result
        parameters;                                                        of payment under risk assurance and
                                                                           risk assurance liabilities, relevant external
 •      Criteria for determining whether or not there was                  evidence and other factors, to assess the
        a significant increase in credit risk, or a default                appropriateness of the management’s
        or impairment loss was incurred;                                   identification of significant increase in
                                                                           credit risk, defaults and credit-impaired
 •      Economic variables for forward-looking                             receivables;
        measurements, and the application of economic
        scenarios and weightings;                                    o     We assessed whether the loans
                                                                           recognized as a result of payment under
 •      Estimated future cash flows for defaulted                          risk assurance were POCI financial
        and credit-impaired finance receivables, risk                      assets;
        assurance liabilities and loans recognized as a
        result of payment under risk assurance.




114   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

The inherent risk in relation to the measurement of              o      We examined on a sample basis the
ECL allowance is considered significant due to the                      major data inputs to the information
complexity of the model and subjectivity of significant                 systems to assess their accuracy
assumptions and major data inputs. In addition, the                     and completeness. We verified the
finance receivables, loans recognized as a result of                    transmission of major data inputs
payment under risk assurance, risk assurance liabilities                between the information systems and the
and related provisions accrued involve significant                      model, by utilizing IT audit techniques, to
amounts. In view of these reasons, we identified this as                verify their accuracy and completeness;
a key audit matter.
                                                                 o      For forward-looking measurements, we
                                                                        reviewed management’s model analysis
                                                                        of their selection of economic variables,
                                                                        economic scenarios and weightings,
                                                                        assessed the reasonableness of the
                                                                        prediction of economic variables, the
                                                                        application of economic scenarios and
                                                                        the setting of weightings and reviewed
                                                                        sensitivity testing of forecasting;

                                                                 o      We examined on a sample basis the
                                                                        assumptions used by management
                                                                        to determine expected cash flows for
                                                                        defaulted and credit-impaired finance
                                                                        receivables, risk assurance liabilities and
                                                                        loans recognized as a result of payment
                                                                        under risk assurance based on financial
                                                                        information of latest collateral valuations
                                                                        and other available information in
                                                                        supporting the computation of provisions;

                                                           •     We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures
                                                                 related to ECL allowance in the context of the
                                                                 applicable financial reporting framework.

                                                           Based on our procedures performed, in the context of
                                                           the inherent uncertainties associated with measurement
                                                           of ECL allowance for finance receivables, loans
                                                           recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance
                                                           and risk assurance liabilities, we considered the model,
                                                           data inputs, key parameters, significant judgment
                                                           and assumptions adopted by management and the
                                                           measurement results were supportable by the evidence
                                                           obtained and procedures performed.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   115
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 Key Audit Matter                                             How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Fair value measurement of financial assets categorized        Our procedures in relation to the determination of fair
as level 3                                                    value of financial assets categorized as level 3 included:

 Refer to note 3.3, note 4.1(b) and note 16 to the            Understanding and evaluating management’s
 consolidated financial statements.                           assessment process and controls

 The Group has invested in certain financial assets at fair   •      We understood and evaluated the internal
 value through profit or loss, substantially all measured            controls relating to management’s model used,
 at fair value using level 3 inputs which were not based             development of significant assumptions and
 on active market prices, nor based on observable                    major data inputs and assessed the inherent
 market data. The fair value of such investments                     risk of material misstatement by considering the
 categorized as level 3 was RMB3,168,688,000 as at 31                degree of estimation uncertainty.
 December 2025.
                                                              Substantive testing of fair value measurement of
                                                              financial assets categorized as level 3

                                                              •      We obtained management’s calculation sheets
                                                                     of fair value estimation of financial assets
                                                                     categorized as level 3 and tested the accuracy
                                                                     of the calculation sheets;

                                                              •      We evaluated the independent external appraisal
                                                                     firm’s competence, capability and objectivity;

                                                              •      We involved our internal valuation specialist
                                                                     and assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                     methodologies, including the model used, and
                                                                     key assumptions adopted by management,
                                                                     including but not limited to terminal growth rate,
                                                                     bond yield, marketability, discount rates and
                                                                     volatility;

                                                              •      We compared the input data of revenue growth
                                                                     rates and terminal growth rates in the calculation
                                                                     sheet with management’s forecast of future
                                                                     profits, strategic plans and business data;




116   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




 Key Audit Matter                                           How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

 Management assessed and measured the fair value            •     We compared the volatility and discounted rate
 of financial assets categorized as level 3 using                 with comparable companies in the open market
 particular valuation techniques, with assistance from            to assess the reasonableness of the input data
 an external appraisal firm. The valuation process was            used;
 highly judgmental due to its reliance on management’s
 assumptions such as discount rate, volatility and          •     We challenged management regarding its
 probability weighting, marketability, liquidation and            approach for determining the probability
 redemption scenarios, etc.                                       weighting, liquidation and redemption scenarios
                                                                  (where applicable), including assessing
 The determination of the model adopted and key                   and analysing the weightings based on our
 inputs required management’s significant judgment or             understanding of the investees’ business and
 estimation. The prescribed value of the financial assets         market condition.
 categorized as level 3 is significant to the financial
 statements. In view of these reasons we identified this    Based on the procedures performed, we considered
 as a key audit matter.                                     the models used and the judgments and estimates
                                                            made by management for the determination of fair
                                                            value of the financial assets categorized as level 3 and
                                                            the valuation results were supportable by the evidence
                                                            obtained.


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have
no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   117
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level
of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
      to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
      that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
      and related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
      on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
      may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
      material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
      in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
      conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
      events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
      information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
      consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
      work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




118   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                         INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Leung Wai Kin.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 5 March 2026




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   119
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                      Note            2025               2024
                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


 Revenues                                                               5
 Transaction Platform Business                                                     9,291,380         7,894,414
 Self-operated Financing Business                                                  2,268,568         1,993,319


                                                                                 11,559,948           9,887,733
 Cost of revenues                                                       7        (5,098,477)         (5,251,462)


 Gross profit                                                                      6,461,471          4,636,271
 Selling and marketing expenses                                         7         (1,019,272)        (1,020,334)
 Administrative expenses                                                7           (633,822)          (443,412)
 Operation and servicing expenses                                       7           (388,369)          (286,118)
 Research and development expenses                                      7           (377,564)          (232,581)
 Credit impairment losses                                               7         (2,332,500)        (1,565,379)
 Other income and other (losses)/gains, net                             6            (10,957)            45,157


 Operating profit                                                                  1,698,987         1,133,604


 Finance income                                                         9             73,326             71,550
 Finance costs                                                          9           (128,168)         (100,025)
 Finance costs - net                                                                 (54,842)           (28,475)
 Share of profits/(losses) of investments
   in associates and joint ventures                                    15             68,958            (15,607)


 Profit before income tax                                                          1,713,103         1,089,522
 Income tax expense                                                    10           (514,537)         (279,584)


 Profit for the year                                                               1,198,566           809,938


 Profit attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                         1,198,913           809,938
   – Non-controlling interests                                                          (347)                –


                                                                                   1,198,566           809,938


 Profit per share attributable to owners of the Company
   for the year (expressed in RMB per share)                           11
   – Basic                                                                             0.178             0.125


   – Diluted                                                                           0.174             0.120


The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




120   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                             COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


 Profit for the year                                                               1,198,566             809,938


 Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
 Items that may not be reclassified to profit or loss
 Currency translation differences                                                     (58,803)             34,893


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                           1,139,763             844,831


 Attributable to:
   – Owners of the Company                                                         1,140,108             844,831
   – Non-controlling interests                                                          (345)                  –


                                                                                   1,139,763             844,831


The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying
notes.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   121
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                         Note        2025           2024
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


 ASSETS
 Non-current assets
 Property and equipment                                  12        879,823        631,520
 Right-of-use assets                                     13         51,621         27,108
 Intangible assets                                       14        622,318        673,649
 Investments in associates and joint ventures            15        616,305        303,041
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss   16      3,168,688      3,368,991
 Deferred income tax assets                              29        680,236        523,272
 Prepayments, deposits and other assets                  20        217,989         92,431
 Finance receivables                                     18     20,682,925     17,997,701
 Trade receivables                                       19      1,974,283      1,990,395
 Restricted cash                                         21         41,305         33,156


                                                                28,935,493     25,641,264


 Current assets
 Finance receivables                                     18     10,769,357     10,120,181
 Trade receivables                                       19      2,895,985      2,917,220
 Prepayments, deposits and other assets                  20      3,892,017      3,179,497
 Restricted cash                                         21      3,362,193      2,520,319
 Cash and cash equivalents                               21      4,506,398      4,212,760


                                                                25,425,950     22,949,977


 Total assets                                                   54,361,443     48,591,241


 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                           22           4,495          4,285
 Share premium                                           22      35,036,157     34,858,220
 Other reserves                                          23       1,031,830      1,633,808
 Accumulated losses                                             (19,118,561)   (20,016,180)
 Non-controlling interests                                             (127)             –


 Total equity                                                   16,953,794     16,480,133




122   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET




                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                       Note              2025                2024
                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000


 Liabilities
 Non-current liabilities
 Borrowings                                                             28         14,456,620           12,845,901
 Lease liabilities                                                      13             25,690               15,036
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                        29             79,987              111,441
 Other non-current liabilities                                          30            759,705              832,956


                                                                                   15,322,002           13,805,334


 Current liabilities
 Trade payables                                                         25            823,653              964,344
 Risk assurance liabilities                                             26          3,079,976            2,339,355
 Other payables and accruals                                            27            738,491              671,848
 Current income tax liabilities                                                       582,140              216,392
 Borrowings                                                             28         16,822,979           14,103,056
 Lease liabilities                                                      13             23,510               10,779
 Derivative financial instruments                                                      14,898                    –


                                                                                   22,085,647           18,305,774


 Total liabilities                                                                 37,407,649           32,111,108


 Total equity and liabilities                                                      54,361,443           48,591,241


The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 120 to 223 were approved by the Board of Directors on 5 March
2026 and were signed on its behalf.




Andy Xuan Zhang                          Dong Jiang
Director                                 Director




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   123
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN
EQUITY
                                                                                                                Non-con-
                                                             Share        Share        Other Accumulated          trolling       Total
                                                Note        capital    premium      reserves      losses        interests       equity
                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


 Balance at 1 January 2025                                    4,285   34,858,220    1,633,808    (20,016,180)           –    16,480,133


 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                                              –            –            –     1,198,913          (347)    1,198,566
 Currency translation differences                23               –            –      (58,805)            –             2       (58,803)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                          –            –      (58,805)    1,198,913          (345)    1,139,763


 Transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owners
 Capital contribution from owners                                 –            –           –              –           218          218
 Share-based compensation                       23, 24            –            –     139,286              –             –      139,286
 Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve       23              –            –     301,294       (301,294)            –            –
 Shares issued upon exercise of employee
   share options                              22, 23, 24       189      931,999      (910,936)             –            –       21,252
 Vesting of restricted awarded shares         22, 23, 24        21       60,336       (60,357)             –            –            –
 Purchase of restricted shares under share
   award scheme                                 23, 24            –            –      (12,460)             –            –       (12,460)
 Dividends declared                               22              –     (814,398)           –              –            –      (814,398)


 Total transactions with owners in
   their capacity as owners                                    210      177,937      (543,173)     (301,294)          218      (666,102)


 Balance at 31 December 2025                                  4,495   35,036,157    1,031,830    (19,118,561)        (127)   16,953,794




124    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY




                                                                                                                 Non-con-
                                                              Share        Share         Other    Accumulated       trolling       Total
                                                Note         capital    premium       reserves         losses     interests       equity
                                                           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


 Balance at 1 January 2024                                    4,262    34,964,305    1,296,382    (20,499,779)            –    15,765,170


 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                                              –             –           –         809,938             –      809,938
 Currency translation differences                23               –             –      34,893               –             –       34,893


 Total comprehensive income for the year                          –             –      34,893         809,938             –      844,831


 Transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owners
 Share-based compensation                      23, 24             –             –      53,901               –             –        53,901
 Appropriation to statutory surplus reserve      23               –             –     326,339        (326,339)            –             –
 Shares issued upon exercise of employee
   share options                              22, 23, 24          –          226          (225)             –             –              1
 Vesting of restricted awarded shares         22, 23, 24         23       71,381       (71,404)             –             –              –
 Purchase of restricted shares under share
    award scheme                               23, 24             –             –       (6,078)             –             –         (6,078)
 Dividends declared                              22               –      (177,692)           –              –             –      (177,692)


 Total transactions with owners in
   their capacity as owners                                      23      (106,085)    302,533        (326,339)            –      (129,868)


 Balance at 31 December 2024                                  4,285    34,858,220    1,633,808    (20,016,180)            –    16,480,133


The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED     125
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                        Note           2025             2024
                                                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000

 Cash flows from operating activities
 Cash used in operations                                                31           (164,208)      (1,917,709)
 Income tax paid                                                                     (336,150)          (80,614)

 Net cash used in operating activities                                               (500,358)      (1,998,323)


 Cash flows from investing activities
 Interest received                                                                     26,000           19,252
 Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment and
    intangible assets                                                                   7,455           12,970
 Purchase of property and equipment and other non-current assets                     (330,715)        (235,766)
 Purchase of intangible assets                                                        (10,348)           (9,004)
 Loans to third parties and related parties                                          (533,380)           (2,000)
 Collection of loans to third parties and related parties                              37,520           60,480
 Investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
    and derivative instruments                                                        (13,737)          (28,035)
 Proceeds from disposals of financial assets                                            8,168             3,509
 Investments in associates                                                           (244,250)        (129,048)
 Prepayment for equity transactions                                     20            (90,000)          (50,000)
 Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                                  –          263,191
 Cash acquired from acquisition of a subsidiary, net of
    consideration paid                                                                      –          59,688
 Placements of restricted cash                                                       (591,940)        (50,856)
 Maturity of restricted cash                                                          111,346         277,231

 Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                            (1,623,881)        191,612


 Cash flows from financing activities
 Proceeds from borrowings                                                          29,555,746      26,146,312
 Repayment of borrowings                                                          (25,223,288)    (22,389,888)
 Payment of deposits for borrowings                                                   (26,506)          (54,169)
 Release of deposits for borrowings                                                    12,872          121,168
 Repayment of lease payments                                                          (23,331)          (15,338)
 Payment of transaction costs for borrowings                                          (65,133)          (11,854)
 Proceeds from exercise of share options                                               18,902                  1
 Purchase of restricted shares under share award scheme                 23            (12,460)            (6,078)
 Dividends paid to company’s shareholders                                            (814,015)        (177,681)
 Transactions with non-controlling interests                                              218                  –
 Interest paid                                                                       (993,508)      (1,048,517)

 Net cash generated from financing activities                                       2,429,497       2,563,956

 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            305,258         757,245

 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                     4,212,760       3,479,550
 Exchange losses on cash and cash equivalents                                         (11,620)        (24,035)

 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                           4,506,398       4,212,760


The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


126   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                  STATEMENTS
1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Yixin Group Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 19 November 2014 as an
    exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law, Cap. 22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated
    and revised) of the Cayman Islands and carries on business in Hong Kong as Yixin Automotive Technology
    Group Limited. The address of the Company’s registered office is P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand
    Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands.

    The Company’s shares have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
    since 16 November 2017.

    The Company is an investment holding company. The Company together with its subsidiaries and
    consolidated affiliated entities (together, the “Group”) are principally engaged in (i) the provision of loan
    facilitation services, software-as-a-service (“SaaS”) services, value-added services and guarantee services
    (“Transaction Platform Business”); and (ii) the provision of financing lease services and other self-operated
    services (“Self-operated Financing Business”) substantially in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

    As at the date of these consolidated financial statements, there is no ultimate parent of the Company.
    Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”, collectively with its subsidiaries, the “Tencent Group”) is the largest
    shareholder of the Company (Note 32).

    The Group’s major subsidiaries are based in the PRC and the majority of their transactions are denominated
    in Renminbi (“RMB”). The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the rules and regulations
    of foreign exchange controls promulgated by the PRC government. As at 31 December 2025, other than
    restrictions from exchange control regulations, there is no significant restriction on the Group’s ability to
    access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of the Group.

    The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, unless otherwise stated. All companies
    comprising the Group have adopted 31 December as their financial year-end date.

    United States Dollars are defined as “USD”, Hong Kong Dollars are defined as “HKD”, Singapore Dollars
    are defined as “SGD”, Japanese Yen is defined as “JPY”, Macau Pataca is defined as “MOP”, Thai Baht is
    defined as “THB” and Malaysian Ringgit is defined as “MYR”.

2   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
    Accounting Standards (“IFRS”) and interpretations issued by the IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRS IC)
    applicable to companies reporting under IFRS and disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing
    of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
    (Cap.622). The financial statements comply with IFRS as issued by the International Accounting Standards
    Board (IASB). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention,
    as modified by the revaluation of financial assets and financial liabilities (including derivative instruments) at
    fair value through profit or loss and associates measured at fair value through profit or loss, which are carried
    at fair value.

    The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain
    critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying
    the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgment or complexity, or areas
    where assumptions and estimates are critical to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   127
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




2     BASIS OF PREPARATION AND ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      The consolidated financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.

      (a)     New and amended standards adopted by the Group

              The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for its annual
              reporting period commencing 1 January 2025:

                                                                                     Effective for annual periods
                Standards and amendments                                                    beginning on or after


                Lack of Exchangeability – Amendments to IAS 21                                    1 January 2025


              The above amendments to IFRS effective for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2025 did not
              have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

      (b)     New standards and interpretations not yet adopted

              The following new accounting standards and interpretations have been published but are not
              mandatory for 31 December 2025 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group.

                                                                                     Effective for annual periods
                Standards and amendments                                                    beginning on or after


                Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments –                         1 January 2026
                  Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity –                              1 January 2026
                  Amendment to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7
                Annual improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                      1 January 2026
                  – Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7
                Translation to a Hyper-Inflationary Presentation Currency –                       1 January 2027
                  Amendment to IAS 21
                Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements – IFRS 18                     1 January 2027
                Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures – IFRS 19                 1 January 2028
                Sales or contribution of Assets between an investor and its                     To be determined
                  associate – Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28


              These new and amended accounting standards and annual improvements are not expected to have
              a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future
              transactions, except for the adoption of IFRS 18 for the reporting periods beginning on or after 1
              January 2027.

              Even though IFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement of items in the financial
              statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected to be pervasive, in particular
              those related to the income statement and providing management-defined performance measures
              within the financial statements.

              Management is currently assessing the detailed implications of applying the new standard on the
              Group’s consolidated financial statements.




128   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

    3.1   Financial risk factors

          The Group’s activities expose itself to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign
          exchange risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, liquidity risk and other financial
          risk. The Group’s overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
          and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

          Risk management is carried out under policies approved by the board of directors. The management
          identifies and evaluates financial risks in close co-operation with the Group’s operating units.

          (a)   Market risk

                 (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                        The transactions of the Company are denominated and settled in its functional currency,
                        USD. The Group’s subsidiaries operate in the PRC whose function currency are RMB
                        are exposed to foreign exchange risk arising from USD. The Group’s foreign exchange
                        risk primarily arises when the recognized assets and liabilities of the Group’s PRC
                        subsidiaries are denominated in USD. Considering that the HKD is pegged with the USD
                        and that the size of transactions denominated in SGD, MOP, THB, JPY and MYR is
                        immaterial, management is of the opinion that the currency exposure arising from above
                        currencies transactions is not significant to the Group.

                        The Group uses foreign currency forwards and a cross currency interest rate swap
                        arrangement to hedge its exposure to foreign currency risk. Under the Group’s policy,
                        the key terms of the forwards must align with the hedged items.

                        The Group only designates the spot component of foreign currency forwards in hedge
                        relationships. The spot component is determined with reference to relevant spot market
                        exchange rates. The differential between the contracted forward rate and the spot
                        market exchange rate is defined as the forward points. It is discounted, where material.

                        The changes in the forward element of the foreign currency forwards that relate to
                        hedged items are deferred in the costs of hedging reserve.

                        For the Group’s PRC subsidiaries whose functional currency is RMB, if USD had
                        strengthened/weakened by 5% against RMB with all other variables held constant, the
                        profit for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would have been approximately
                        RMB258,186 higher/lower and RMB266,914 higher/lower, respectively, as a result of
                        net foreign exchange gains/losses on translation of net monetary assets denominated in
                        USD.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   129
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (a)      Market risk (Continued)

                       (ii)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                               The Group’s interest rate risk arises from the Group’s borrowings. Borrowings obtained
                               at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk, which is partially offset
                               by cash held at variable rates, whereas those carried at fixed rates expose the Group
                               to fair value interest-rate risk. Generally, the Group enters into long-term borrowings at
                               floating rates and swaps them into fixed rates that are lower than those available if the
                               Group borrowed at fixed rates directly.

                               The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and fixed rate
                               borrowings at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                  % of total                    % of total
                                                                         2025         loans          2024           loans
                                                                      RMB’000                     RMB’000


                                Variable rate borrowings             3,503,457       11.20%      1,801,013         6.68%

                                Fixed rate borrowings
                                  – Within 1 year                   14,361,858       45.91%     12,540,335        46.53%
                                  – Between 1 and 2 years            8,214,018       26.26%      6,720,895        24.94%
                                  – Between 2 and 5 years            5,189,019       16.59%      5,882,602        21.83%
                                  – Over 5 years                        11,247        0.04%          4,112         0.02%


                                                                    31,279,599      100.00%     26,948,957       100.00%


                               If interest rates on the borrowings at variable rates had risen/fallen 100 basis points while
                               all other variables had been held constant, the Group’s profit for the years ended 31
                               December 2025 and 2024 would have been approximately RMB26,522,000 lower/higher
                               and RMB5,643,000 lower/higher, respectively.

                               Swaps currently in place cover nil (2024: 4.9%) of the variable loan principal outstanding.
                               The fixed interest rate of the swaps is nil (2024: 5.6%).

                               The swap contracts require settlement of net interest receivable or payable upon the due
                               date of the borrowings. The settlement dates coincide with the dates on which interest is
                               payable on the underlying debt.




130   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk

                (i)    Risk management and impairment of financial instruments

                       Credit risk is managed on group basis. Credit risk mainly arises from cash and cash
                       equivalents, restricted cash, trade receivables, other receivables, finance receivables,
                       investment in debt instruments and risk assurance liabilities.

                       To manage this risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, the
                       Group only transacts with state-owned or large medium sized joint-stock commercial
                       banks in the PRC and reputable international financial institution outside of the PRC.
                       There has been no recent history of default in relation to these financial institutions.

                       The Group has policies in place to ensure that trade receivables with credit terms are
                       made to counterparties with an appropriate credit history and management performs
                       ongoing credit evaluations of the counterparties.

                       Finance receivables are typically secured with automobiles for financing leases and
                       derived from substantially all revenues earned from customers in the PRC, which are
                       exposed to credit risk. The risk is mitigated by credit evaluations the Group performs on
                       its customers and its ongoing monitoring process of outstanding balances. The Group
                       maintains reserves for expected credit losses and these losses have generally been
                       within its expectations.

                       Loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance and risk assurance
                       liabilities are typically secured with automobiles for loan facilitation services and derived
                       from revenues earned from customers in the PRC, which are exposed to credit risk.
                       The risk is mitigated by credit evaluations the Group performs on the borrowers and its
                       ongoing monitoring process of balances of outstanding off balance-sheet items. The
                       Group maintains reserves for expected credit losses and these losses have generally
                       been within its expectations.

                       For other receivables other than loans recognized as a result of payment under risk
                       assurance, the Group makes periodic collective assessments as well as individual
                       assessment on the recoverability of other receivables based on historical settlement
                       records, past experience and forward-looking information.

                       Trade receivables, other receivables, finance receivables, and risk assurance liabilities
                       of the Group are subject to the expected credit loss model. While cash and cash
                       equivalents, restricted cash and the Group’s investments in debt instruments are also
                       subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was
                       immaterial.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   131
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (b)      Credit risk (Continued)

                       (ii)    Expected credit loss measurement

                              Models

                               IFRS 9 outlines a ‘three-stage’ model for impairment based on changes in credit quality
                               since initial recognition except for purchased or originated credit-impaired (“POCI”)
                               financial assets as summarised below:

                               •         A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified
                                         in ‘Stage I’.

                               •         If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified,
                                         the financial instrument is moved to ‘Stage II’. The Group considers a financial
                                         instrument to have experienced a significant increase in credit risk if the borrower
                                         is more than 30 days past due on its contractual payments.

                               •         If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is then moved
                                         to ‘Stage III’. The Group defines a financial instrument as in default, which is fully
                                         aligned with the definition of credit-impaired, if the borrower is more than 90 days
                                         past due on its contractual payments.

                               •         Financial instruments in Stage I have their expected credit losses (“ECL”)
                                         measured at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime ECL that result from
                                         default events possible within the next 12 months. Financial instruments in Stage
                                         II or III have their ECL measured based on ECL on a lifetime basis.

                               The following diagram summarises the impairment requirements under IFRS 9 (other than
                               purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets).

                                                       Change in credit quality since initial recognition
                                   Stage I                   Stage II                        Stage III


                                   (Initial recognition)       (Significant increase in          (Credit-impaired assets)
                                                                  credit risk since initial
                                                                  recognition)
                                   12-month expected           Lifetime expected                 Lifetime expected
                                     credit losses                credit losses                     credit losses

                              Significant increase in credit risk (SICR)

                               The Group considers a financial instrument to have experienced a significant increase in
                               credit risk if the borrower is more than 30 days past due on its contractual payments.
                               No qualitative criterion is considered by the Group since the Group monitors the risk of
                               borrowers purely based on overdue period.




132   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                       Definition of default and credit-impaired assets

                       The Group defines a financial instrument as in default, which is fully aligned with the
                       definition of credit-impaired if the borrower is more than 90 days past due on its
                       contractual payments. No qualitative criterion is considered by the Group since the
                       Group monitors the risk of borrowers purely based on overdue period.

                       The criteria above have been applied to all financial instruments except for POCI
                       financial assets held by the Group and are consistent with the definition of default used
                       for internal credit risk management purpose. The default definition has been applied
                       consistently to model the Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Loss
                       Given Default (LGD) throughout the Group’s expected loss calculations.

                       Measuring ECL-Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques

                       The ECL is measured on either a 12-month (12M) or Lifetime basis depending on
                       whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred since initial recognition or
                       whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired. ECL is the discounted product of
                       the Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD), and Loss Given Default (LGD),
                       defined as follows:

                       •      The PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation
                              (as per “Definition of default and credit-impaired assets” above), either over the
                              next 12 months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the
                              obligation.

                       •      EAD is based on the amounts the Group expects to be owed at the time of
                              default, over the next 12 months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime
                              EAD).

                       •      LGD represents the Group’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted
                              exposure. LGD varies by type of counterparty, type and seniority of claim and
                              availability of collateral or other credit support. LGD is expressed as a percentage
                              loss per unit of exposure at the time of default (EAD). LGD is calculate on a
                              12-month or lifetime basis, where 12-month LGD is the percentage of loss
                              expected to be made if the default occurs in the next 12 month and Lifetime
                              LGD is the percentage of loss expected to be made if the default occurs over the
                              remaining expected lifetime of the loan.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   133
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (b)      Credit risk (Continued)

                       (ii)    Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                              Measuring ECL-Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
                              (Continued)

                               The ECL is determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month
                               and for each individual exposure or collective segment. These three components are
                               multiplied together and adjusted for the likelihood of survival (i.e., the exposure has not
                               prepaid or defaulted in an earlier month).

                               The Lifetime PD is developed by applying a maturity profile to the current 12M PD.
                               The maturity profile looks at how defaults develop on a portfolio from the point of initial
                               recognition throughout the lifetime of the loans. The maturity profile is based on historical
                               observed data and is assumed to be the same across all assets within a portfolio. This is
                               supported by historical analysis.

                              POCI financial assets

                               For POCI financial assets, the Group only recognizes cumulative changes in lifetime ECL
                               after initial recognition at the end of the reporting period as loss provision.

                              Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL models

                               The calculation of ECL incorporates forward-looking information. The Group has
                               performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables impacting credit
                               risk and expected credit losses for each portfolio. The forecasts of these economic
                               variables are provided periodically and the most relevant variables are picked and
                               estimated by the Group.




134   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                       Maximum exposure to credit risk-Financial instruments subject to impairment

                       The following table contains an analysis of the credit risk exposure of financial
                       instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognized. The gross carrying amount of
                       financial assets below also represents the Group’s maximum exposures to credit risk on
                       these assets.

                                                                     Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group
                                                                              As at 31 December 2025
                                                                                            Purchased
                                                                                          or originated
                                                                                                 credit-
                                                                                              impaired      Simplified
                                                        Stage I     Stage II    Stage III         loans     Approach            Total
                                                                    Lifetime    Lifetime       Lifetime       Lifetime
                                                     12 months     expected    expected       expected       expected
                                                      expected         credit      credit         credit         credit
                                                     credit loss      losses      losses         losses         losses
                                                       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                        Cash and cash equivalents     4,506,398           –             –              –             –      4,506,398
                        Restricted cash               3,403,498           –             –              –             –      3,403,498
                        Finance receivables          31,767,173     216,809       615,787              –             –     32,599,769
                        Trade receivables                     –           –             –              –     4,939,327      4,939,327
                        Other receivables             2,916,857     132,702        30,274        827,187             –      3,907,020


                        Gross balance                42,593,926     349,511       646,061        827,187     4,939,327     49,356,012


                        Allowance for impairment
                           losses                      (669,216)   (149,313)     (399,746)      (194,396)       (69,059)   (1,481,730)


                        Net balance                  41,924,710     200,198       246,315        632,791     4,870,268     47,874,282


                        Off balance-sheet items      85,978,228     994,138              –             –              –    86,972,366
                        Risk assurance liabilities   (2,831,391)   (248,585)             –             –              –    (3,079,976)




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED       135
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (b)      Credit risk (Continued)

                       (ii)    Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                               Maximum exposure to credit risk-Financial instruments subject to impairment (Continued)

                                                                               Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group
                                                                                       As at 31 December 2024
                                                                                                      Purchased
                                                                                                    or originated
                                                                                                            credit-
                                                                                                         impaired       Simplified
                                                                Stage I     Stage II     Stage III           loans      Approach            Total
                                                             12 months      Lifetime      Lifetime        Lifetime        Lifetime
                                                              expected     expected     expected        expected         expected
                                                                 credit        credit        credit          credit          credit
                                                                   loss       losses        losses          losses          losses
                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


                                Cash and cash equivalents     4,212,760           –              –               –              –      4,212,760
                                Restricted cash               2,553,475           –              –               –              –      2,553,475
                                Finance receivables          28,399,713     126,044        524,552               –              –     29,050,309
                                Trade receivables                     –           –              –               –      4,941,727      4,941,727
                                Other receivables             2,200,040     173,920        122,462         719,180              –      3,215,602


                                Gross balance                37,365,988     299,964        647,014         719,180      4,941,727     43,973,873


                                Allowance for impairment
                                   losses                      (622,150)    (84,734)       (366,118)      (104,339)        (34,112)   (1,211,453)


                                Net balance                  36,743,838     215,230        280,896         614,841      4,907,615     42,762,420


                                Off balance-sheet items      73,705,913     821,141               –               –              –    74,527,054
                                Risk assurance liabilities   (2,185,159)   (154,196)              –               –              –    (2,339,355)




136   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                       Finance receivables

                       For expected credit loss provisions modelled on a collective basis, a grouping of
                       exposures is performed on the basis of shared risk characteristics, such that the risk
                       exposures within a group are homogeneous. The Group determines groupings by
                       product type, namely consumption loan, automobile mortgage loan and commercial
                       vehicle loan.

                       Provision for expected credit losses as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was determined
                       as follows for finance receivables:

                        31 December 2025                         Stage I       Stage II      Stage III         Total
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


                        Expected loss rate                         2.09%        52.39%         60.00%          3.52%
                        Gross carrying amount (Note 18)        31,767,173       216,809        615,787     32,599,769
                        Provision for expected credit losses      664,426       113,589        369,472      1,147,487


                        31 December 2024                         Stage I        Stage II       Stage III        Total
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                        Expected loss rate                         2.10%        48.89%         52.28%          3.21%
                        Gross carrying amount (Note 18)        28,399,713       126,044        524,552     29,050,309
                        Provision for expected credit losses      596,549        61,627        274,251        932,427


                       The forward-looking assumptions used for the ECL estimate as at 31 December 2025
                       are M2 and Gross Domestic Product (“GDP”) (31 December 2024: M2 and GDP). Due
                       to the fluctuation of the macroeconomic environment, the Group used historical data to
                       refit the prospective regression model to determine key economic variables. Back testing
                       has been performed to prove these variables are the most relevant. The scenarios
                       “base”, “upside” and “downside” were used for all portfolios. On 31 December 2025, the
                       weightings allocated to each economic scenario were 85% base, 10% upside and 5%
                       downside (31 December 2024: the weightings allocated to each economic scenario were
                       85% base, 10% upside and 5% downside).




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   137
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (b)      Credit risk (Continued)

                       (ii)    Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                               Finance receivables (Continued)

                               As at 31 December 2025, the Group has assessed and forecasted the key
                               macroeconomic indicators for 2026 are as follows:

                                                                                                             Range of
                                Indicator                                                                  growth rate


                                GDP                                                                         4.7%~4.9%
                                M2                                                                          7.5%~8.0%


                               A sensitivity analysis is performed on the key economic variables, namely M2 and GDP.
                               Set out below are the changes to the ECL as at 31 December 2025 that would result
                               from reasonably possible changes in these parameters from the actual assumptions used
                               in the Group’s economic variable assumptions:

                                                                                             M2
                                                                              -5%         No Change               5%
                                                                           RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


                                                   -5%                        56,875            45,032           33,501
                                GDP                No Change                  11,507                 –          (11,203)
                                                   5%                        (30,208)          (41,388)         (52,273)


                               Finance receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery
                               (Note 18). Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst
                               others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan after the completion of legal
                               proceedings and execution, and a failure to make contractual payments for a certain
                               period of time past due.

                               Provision for expected credit losses on finance receivables is presented as net
                               impairment losses within operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously
                               written off are credited against the same line item.




138   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)   Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                       Trade receivables and other receivables other than loans recognized as a result of
                       payment under risk assurance

                       For trade receivables, the Group has applied the simplified approach in IFRS 9 to
                       measure the loss allowance at lifetime ECL. To measure the expected credit losses,
                       trade receivables have been grouped based on counterparties with reference to external
                       credit rating and historical observed default rates. For other receivables other than
                       loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance, the ECL are assessed
                       individually. The Company considers the counterparties with good credit worthiness
                       with reference to external credit rating and historical observed default rates over the
                       expected life. The Company has identified Producer Price Index (PPI) and RMB Loan to
                       be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on
                       expected changes in these factors. In the opinion of the Company, the estimated loss
                       rates of these counterparties are not significant and the Group assessed that the ECL on
                       these balances are insignificant.

                       Trade receivables and other receivables other than loans recognized as a result of
                       payment under risk assurance are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of
                       recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst
                       others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group.

                       Provision for impairment of trade receivables and other receivables other than loans
                       recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance is presented as net impairment
                       losses within operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off
                       are credited against the same line item.

                       Off balance-sheet items and loans recognized as a result of payment under risk
                       assurance

                       Under the arrangements with certain financial institutions for loan facilitation or SaaS
                       services, the Group is obligated to purchase the entirety or a proportionate of relevant
                       loans upon certain specified events of default by car buyers. As of 31 December 2025,
                       the total outstanding balance of loans funded by financial institutions under such
                       arrangements was RMB86,367 million (2024: RMB73,922 million). As at 31 December
                       2025, the risk assurance liabilities recognized by the Group under such financial
                       guarantee contracts was RMB3,075.7 million (2024: RMB2,325.7 million).

                       Expected credit loss provisions of related risk assurance liabilities are modelled on
                       a collective basis. A grouping of exposures is performed on the basis of shared risk
                       characteristics, such that the risk exposures within a group are homogeneous. The
                       Group determines groupings by product type, namely consumption loan and automobile
                       mortgage loan.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   139
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (b)      Credit risk (Continued)

                       (ii)    Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                              Off balance-sheet items and loans recognized as a result of payment under risk
                              assurance (Continued)

                               The forward-looking assumptions used for the ECL estimate as at 31 December 2025
                               are M2 and GDP (31 December 2024: M2 and GDP). Due to the fluctuation of the
                               macroeconomic environment, the Group used historical data to refit the prospective
                               regression model to determine key economic variables. Back testing has been performed
                               to prove these variables are the most relevant. The scenarios “base”, “upside” and
                               “downside” were used for all portfolios. On 31 December 2025, the weightings allocated
                               to each economic scenario were 85% base, 10% upside and 5% downside (31
                               December 2024: the weightings allocated to each economic scenario were 85% base,
                               10% upside and 5% downside).

                               As at 31 December 2025, the Group has assessed and forecasted the key
                               macroeconomic indicators for 2026 are as follows:

                                                                                                         Range of
                                Indicator                                                              growth rate


                                GDP                                                                     4.7%~4.9%
                                M2                                                                      7.5%~8.0%


                               A sensitivity analysis is performed on the key economic variables, namely M2 and GDP.
                               Set out below are the changes to the ECL as at 31 December 2025 that would result
                               from reasonably possible changes in these parameters from the actual assumptions used
                               in the Group’s economic variable assumptions:

                                                                                          M2
                                                                            -5%        No Change              5%
                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


                                                  -5%                      251,217         231,880          212,736
                                GDP               No Change                 17,579               –           (17,401)
                                                  5%                      (195,930)       (211,881)        (227,667)




140   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)

                (ii)    Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)

                       Off balance-sheet items and loans recognized as a result of payment under risk
                       assurance (Continued)

                        Under the guarantee agreement with a certain third party, Xinche Investment (Shanghai)
                        Co., Ltd. (“Xinche”), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is required
                        to pay the redemption price on behalf of the third party upon certain events. As of
                        31 December 2025, the total outstanding redemption price under the guarantee
                        agreement was RMB605 million (2024: RMB605 million). As at 31 December 2025, the
                        risk assurance liabilities recognized by the Group under such guarantee contracts was
                        RMB4.2 million (2024: RMB13.6 million).

                        Loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance are written off when
                        there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable
                        expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
                        repayment plan after the completion of legal proceedings and execution, and a failure to
                        make contractual payments for a certain period of time past due.

                        Provision for expected credit losses on risk assurance liabilities and loans recognized as
                        a result of payment under risk assurance is presented as net impairment losses within
                        operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited
                        against the same line item.

          (c)   Liquidity risk

                The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature
                of the underlying businesses, the policy of the Group is to consistently monitor the Group’s
                liquidity risk and to maintain adequate cash and cash equivalents to meet the Group’s liquidity
                requirements.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   141
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.1     Financial risk factors (Continued)

              (c)      Liquidity risk (Continued)

                       The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities (or the earliest date a financial
                       liability may become payable in the absence of a fixed maturity date) at the balance sheet date
                       of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities based on contractual undiscounted cash
                       flows:

                                                                           Less than
                                                                Note          1 year     Over 1 year         Total
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


                        At 31 December 2025
                        Financial assets
                        Finance receivables                               12,610,438      22,711,062      35,321,500
                        Trade receivables                        19        2,895,985       2,162,313       5,058,298
                        Deposits and other financial assets                3,628,683          13,153       3,641,836
                        Restricted cash                                    3,362,193          41,305       3,403,498
                        Cash and cash equivalents                21        4,506,398               –       4,506,398


                                                                          27,003,697      24,927,833      51,931,530


                        Financial liabilities
                        Borrowings                                        17,504,321      14,825,572      32,329,893
                        Trade payables                           25          823,653               –         823,653
                        Lease liabilities                                     24,346          33,935          58,281
                        Other financial liabilities                          410,030          13,945         423,975


                                                                          18,762,350      14,873,452      33,635,802


                        Net                                                8,241,347      10,054,381      18,295,728




142   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

          (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                   Less than
                                                       Note           1 year      Over 1 year             Total
                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000


                 At 31 December 2024
                 Financial assets
                 Finance receivables                             11,962,423       19,709,292         31,671,715
                 Trade receivables                      19        2,917,220        2,181,136          5,098,356
                 Deposits and other financial assets              2,961,741           11,187          2,972,928
                 Restricted cash                                  2,520,319           33,156          2,553,475
                 Cash and cash equivalents              21        4,212,760                –          4,212,760


                                                                 24,574,463       21,934,771         46,509,234


                 Financial liabilities
                 Borrowings                                      14,103,056       12,845,901         26,948,957
                 Trade payables                         25          964,344                –            964,344
                 Lease liabilities                                   11,734           18,808             30,542
                 Other financial liabilities                        250,130            3,489            253,619


                                                                 15,329,264       12,868,198         28,197,462


                 Net                                              9,245,199         9,066,573        18,311,772


                As at 31 December 2025, the maximum credit risk exposure of off balance-sheet items
                amounted to RMB50,098,461,000 (2024: RMB64,621,656,000).

                The Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are investments in private
                companies and debt instruments, which are managed on a fair value basis rather than by
                maturity dates.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   143
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.2     Capital management

              The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
              going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to
              maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

              In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid
              to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

              The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt
              divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including ‘borrowings’ as shown
              in the consolidated balance sheet and loans due to related parties) plus lease liabilities less cash
              and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Total capital is calculated as ‘equity’ as shown in the
              consolidated balance sheets plus net debt.

              Under the terms of some borrowing facilities, the Group is required to comply with certain financial
              covenants. The Group has complied with covenants throughout the reporting period.

              The Group’s gearing ratio and net position of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 was as
              follows:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


                Borrowings (Note 28)                                                  31,279,599        26,948,957
                Lease liabilities (Note 13)                                               49,200            25,815


                Less: cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash (Note 21)          (7,909,896)      (6,766,235)


                Net debt                                                              23,418,903        20,208,537
                Total equity                                                          16,953,794        16,480,133


                Total capital                                                         40,372,697        36,688,670


                Gearing ratio                                                                58%               55%




144   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.3   Fair value estimation

          The table below analyzes the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 December
          2025 and 2024, by level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs
          are categorized into three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

          •        level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

          •        level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset
                   or liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices).

          •        level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                   unobservable inputs).

          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at 31
          December 2025:

                                                                  Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


              Assets:
              Financial assets at fair value through profit
                or loss (Note 16)                                         –               –    3,168,688       3,168,688
              Investments in associates                                   –               –      136,521         136,521
              Total financial assets                                      –               –    3,305,209       3,305,209

              Liabilities:
              Derivative financial instruments                            –        14,898                 –        14,898


          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value as at 31
          December 2024:

                                                                   Level 1       Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


              Assets:
              Financial assets at fair value through profit
                or loss (Note 16)                                         –         6,957      3,362,034       3,368,991
              Investments in associates                                   –             –              –               –
              Total financial assets                                      –         6,957      3,362,034       3,368,991

              Liabilities:
              Derivative financial instruments                            –               –               –               –


          (a)      Financial instruments in level 1

                   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                   prices at each of the reporting dates. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are
                   readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing
                   service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                   transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held
                   by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   145
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

      3.3     Fair value estimation (Continued)

              (b)     Financial instruments in level 2

                       The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                       over-the-counter derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation
                       techniques maximize the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as
                       possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument
                       are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                       If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                       is included in level 3.

                       Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                       •        Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

                       •        Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                                value for the remaining financial instruments.

              (c)     Financial instruments in level 3

                       Level 3 instruments of the Group’s assets and liabilities include financial assets at fair value
                       through profit or loss.

                       The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments of financial assets at fair value
                       through profit or loss for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                          Financial assets at fair value
                                                                                              through profit or loss
                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


                           At 1 January                                                      3,362,034         3,451,461
                           Additions                                                            12,069             28,035
                           Disposals                                                                 –            (56,864)
                           Change in fair value                                               (146,815)         (100,254)
                           Currency translation differences                                    (58,600)            39,656


                           At 31 December                                                    3,168,688         3,362,034


                           Total unrealized gains and change in fair value for the year        (146,815)         (100,254)


                       There is no transfer from level 1 and level 2 instruments to level 3 for the year ended 31
                       December 2025 (2024: nil).




146   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

    3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

          (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (Continued)

                The Group has a team that manages the valuation exercise of level 3 instruments for financial
                reporting purposes on a case by case basis. On each balance sheet date, the team would use
                valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the Group’s level 3 instruments. External
                valuation experts will be involved when necessary.

                The valuation of the level 3 instruments mainly included investments in private companies and
                debt instruments. As these instruments are not traded in an active market, their fair values have
                been determined using various applicable valuation techniques.

                                        Fair value at                                                             Relationship of
                                       31 December      Valuation         Significant            Percentage or    unobservable inputs
                                                2025    technique         unobservable inputs       ratio range   to fair value
                                            RMB’000


                 Unlisted securities          76,713    Discounted cash   WACC (Weighted             14%-28%      The higher the expected
                                                          flow model        Average Cost of                         WACC, the lower the
                                                                            Capital)                                fair value.
                                                                          Terminal growth rate             2%     The higher the expected
                                                                                                                    terminal growth rate,
                                                                                                                    the higher the fair value.
                                             544,829    Market approach   LOMD (Lack of          20.4%-33.0%      The higher the expected
                                                                            Marketability                           LOMD, the lower the
                                                                            Discount)                               fair value.
                 Debt instruments          2,547,146    Market approach   LOMD                          20.4%     The higher the expected
                                                                                                                    LOMD, the lower the
                                                                                                                    fair value.
                                                        Binomial Model    Bond Yield                    18.4%     The higher the expected
                                                                                                                    Bond Yield, the lower
                                                                                                                    the fair value.

                If the fair values of the financial assets at fair value through profit or loss held by the Group
                had been 10% higher/lower, profit for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 would
                have been approximately RMB302,492,000 higher/lower and RMB318,087,000 higher/lower,
                respectively.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED           147
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

      Estimates and judgments are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
      including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

      4.1     Critical accounting estimates and assumptions

              The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting
              estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions
              that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
              liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

              (a)     Provisions for expected credit losses of finance receivables, loans recognized as a result of
                      payment under risk assurance and risk assurance liabilities

                       The provisions for expected credit losses of finance receivables, loans recognized as a result of
                       payment under risk assurance and risk assurance liabilities are based on assumptions about risk
                       of default and expected loss rates. Management uses judgment in making these assumptions
                       and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s history, existing
                       market conditions as well as forward-looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.
                       Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).

              (b)     Fair value of financial instruments in level 3

                       The fair value of financial assets that are not traded in an active market (for example,
                       investments in private companies) is determined by using valuation techniques. The Group uses
                       its judgment to select a variety of methods and make assumptions that are mainly based on
                       market conditions existing at the end of each reporting period. Changes in these assumptions
                       and estimates could materially affect the respective fair value of these financial assets.

              (c)     Impairment provision for trade and other receivables (other than loans recognized as a result of
                      payment under risk assurance)

                       Management assesses the impairment of trade and other receivables according to the trade
                       and other receivables’ prior performances, forward-looking information, credit conditions of the
                       customers’ and the industries that the customers are in, as well as applying management’s
                       judgments and estimates when determining the impairment to be recognized. Management
                       reassesses the provision at each balance sheet date. Where the basis of judgments and
                       estimates is different from the initial assessment, such differences will impact the provision
                       for impairment and the carrying values of the trade and other receivables. Details of the key
                       assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 3.1(b).




148   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

    4.1   Critical accounting estimates and assumptions (Continued)

          (d)   Estimated impairment of non-financial assets

                The Group tests whether goodwill has suffered any impairment on an annual basis. Other
                non-financial assets are also reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
                circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount.
                The assets are allocated to each of CGUs, or groups of CGUs. As at 31 December 2025 and
                2024, the recoverable amount of CGU was determined based on value-in-use calculations
                which require the use of assumptions. The calculations use cash flow projections based on
                financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period. Cash flows beyond
                the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated in Note 14. These
                growth rates are consistent with management’s financial forecast and budget. Details of key
                assumptions are disclosed in Note 14.

          (e)   Recognition of deferred income tax assets

                Deferred income tax assets are mainly recognized for temporary differences such as provisions
                for expected credit losses, accrued expenses, unused tax losses carried forward to the extent
                that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary
                differences and the unused tax losses can be utilised, based on all available evidence.
                Recognition primarily involves judgment regarding the future financial performance of the
                particular legal entity or tax group in which the deferred income tax asset has been recognized.
                A variety of other factors are also evaluated in considering whether there is convincing evidence
                that it is probable that some portion or all of the deferred income tax assets will ultimately be
                realized, such as the existence of taxable temporary differences, group relief, tax planning
                strategies and the periods in which estimated tax losses can be utilised. The carrying amount
                of deferred income tax assets and related financial models and budgets are reviewed at
                each balance sheet date and to the extent that there is insufficient convincing evidence that
                sufficient taxable profits will be available within the utilization periods to allow utilization of the
                carry forward tax losses, the asset balance will be reduced and the difference charged to the
                consolidated income statement. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from
                the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the income tax provisions
                and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   149
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5     SEGMENT INFORMATION

      Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
      operating decision-maker (“CODM”). The Chief Executive Officer of the Group has been identified as the chief
      operating decision-maker, responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating
      segments.

      The Group’s business activities, for which discrete financial statements are available, are regularly reviewed
      and evaluated by the CODM. As a result of this evaluation, the Group determined that it has operating
      segments as follows:

      –        Transaction Platform Business

      –        Self-operated Financing Business

      The CODM assesses the performance of the operating segments mainly based on segment revenues,
      segment gross profit and segment operating profit. The revenues from external customers reported to CODM
      are measured as segment revenues, which is the revenues derived from the customers in each segment. The
      segment gross profit is calculated as segment revenues minus segment cost of revenues. Cost of revenues
      for Transaction Platform Business segment is primarily comprised of commission fees and other direct service
      costs. Cost of revenues for Self-operated Financing Business segment is primarily comprised of funding
      costs and cost of automobiles sold. The segment operating profit is calculated as segment gross profit minus
      selling and marketing expenses, administrative expenses, operation and servicing expenses, research and
      development expenses, credit impairment losses and other income and other gains, net associated with the
      respective segment.

      The “Finance cost, net” is not included in the measurement of the segments’ performance which is used by
      CODM as a basis for the purpose of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

      Other information, together with the segment information, provided to the CODM is measured in a manner
      consistent with that applied in these consolidated financial statements. There was no separate segment
      assets and segment liabilities information provided to the CODM, as CODM does not use this information to
      allocate resources to or evaluate the performance of the operating segments.

      The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                   Transaction Self-operated
                                                                      Platform     Financing
                                                                      Business      Business        Total
                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


          Revenues                                                    9,291,380        2,268,568       11,559,948
            – Recognized at a point in time                           7,296,048               59        7,296,107
            – Recognized over time                                    1,995,332                –        1,995,332
            – Recognized over the lease or contractual term                   –        2,268,509        2,268,509
          Gross profit                                                5,190,602        1,270,869        6,461,471
          Operating profit                                            1,653,031           45,956        1,698,987




150   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

    The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                           Transaction  Self-operated
                                                                              Platform      Financing
                                                                              Business       Business        Total
                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


     Revenues                                                               7,894,414        1,993,319           9,887,733
       – Recognized at a point in time                                      6,370,546              178           6,370,724
       – Recognized over time                                               1,523,868                –           1,523,868
       – Recognized over the lease or contractual term                              –        1,993,141           1,993,141
     Gross profit                                                           3,689,423          946,848           4,636,271
     Operating profit/(loss)                                                1,171,255          (37,651)          1,133,604


    The Company is domiciled in the Cayman Islands while the Group mainly operates its businesses in the PRC
    and earns substantially all of the revenues from external customers attributed to the PRC.

    As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, substantially all of the non-current assets of the Group were located in
    the PRC.

    The reconciliation of operating profit to profit before income tax for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
    2024 is presented in the consolidated income statements of the Group.

    The Group derives revenue from the following services and transfer of goods:

                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                               Recognized
                                                            Recognized                      over the lease
                                                              at a point      Recognized    or contractual
                                                                 in time        over time             term            Total
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000


     Transaction Platform Business:                           7,296,048         1,995,332                –         9,291,380
       – SaaS services                                        4,501,130                 –                –         4,501,130
       – Loan facilitation services                           2,545,846                 –                –         2,545,846
       – Guarantee services                                           –         1,995,332                –         1,995,332
       – Value-added services                                   249,072                 –                –           249,072


     Self-operated Financing Business:                               59                 –        2,268,509         2,268,568
       – Financing lease services                                     –                 –        2,206,493         2,206,493
       – Factoring services and other automobile services            59                 –           62,016            62,075


     Total                                                    7,296,107         1,995,332        2,268,509        11,559,948




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   151
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                   Recognized
                                                                 Recognized                      over the lease
                                                                   at a point     Recognized     or contractual
                                                                      in time       over time              term      Total
                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000


        Transaction Platform Business:                            6,370,546        1,523,868                 –    7,894,414
            – SaaS services                                       1,803,835                –                 –    1,803,835
            – Loan facilitation services                          4,317,600                –                 –    4,317,600
            – Guarantee services                                          –        1,523,868                 –    1,523,868
            – Value-added services                                  249,111                –                 –      249,111


        Self-operated Financing Business:                                178               –         1,993,141    1,993,319
            – Financing lease services                                     –               –         1,960,214    1,960,214
            – Factoring services and other automobile services           178               –            32,927       33,105


        Total                                                     6,370,724        1,523,868         1,993,141    9,887,733


      Accounting policies of revenue recognition

      Revenue is measured at the transaction price which is the amount of consideration to which the Group is
      entitled to in exchange for transferring promised services or goods to the customer. The Group allocate the
      transaction price to each performance obligation based on the relative stand-alone selling prices. Revenue
      for each performance obligation is then recognized when the Group satisfies the performance obligation by
      transferring the promised goods or services to the customer.

      (a)       Transaction Platform Business

                The Group mainly provides (i) SaaS services, (ii) loan facilitation services, (iii) guarantee services,
                and (iv) value-added services. Revenue is measured at the transaction price which is the amount of
                consideration to which the Group is entitled to in exchange for transferring promised services or goods
                to the customer. The Group allocates the transaction price to each performance obligation based on
                the relative stand-alone selling price. Revenue for each performance obligation is then recognized
                when the Group satisfies the performance obligation by transferring the promised goods or services to
                the customer.

                The Group recognizes revenue from loan facilitation services when assisting the customers to complete
                an automobile financing transaction. Revenue is recognized at point-in-time when performance
                obligation of the service has been satisfied, being when a transaction is fulfilled and completed. The
                transaction price is the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
                for transferring the promised services to its customers, net of value-added tax. The transaction price is
                limited to the amount of consideration that is probable not to be reversed in future periods. The Group
                assesses whether the estimate of variable consideration is constrained. A receivable is also recognized
                as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is
                required before the payment is due.




152   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

    Accounting policies of revenue recognition (Continued)

    (a)   Transaction Platform Business (Continued)

          The Group recognizes revenue from the provision of guarantees. The amount of the guarantee is
          recognized when guarantee contracts have been made whereby the related guarantee obligation has
          been accepted, the economic benefits associated with the guarantee contracts will probably flow in,
          and the amount of revenue associated with guarantee contracts can be measured reliably. The fair
          value of the guarantee is initially recognized as deferred income, which is included in “Risk assurance
          liabilities” on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet, and is amortized to profit or loss over the term
          of the guarantee as guarantee service income.

          The Group provides SaaS services to institutions in auto financing area which includes technology
          applications and technology-enabled business solutions. SaaS services help institutional clients
          expand business, improve efficiency, and reduce risks. Revenue is recognized at the point-in-time the
          technology applications and other software-as-a-service are performed.

          The Group provides value-added services to car buyers which includes insurance facilitation services.
          Insurance facilitation services mainly involve facilitating vehicle replacement service binding to related
          liability insurance provided by insurance companies. Value-added service revenue is recognized at the
          point of time the insurance facilitation services are performed.

          Financing components

          Other than loan facilitation services, guarantee services and SaaS services, the Group does not expect
          to have any contracts where the period between the transfer of the promised goods or services to the
          customer and payment by the customer exceeds one year. As a consequence, the Group does not
          adjust such transaction prices for the time value of money.

    (b)   Self-operated Financing Business

          The Group provides automobile financing lease services to individual customers and automobile
          dealers on its self-operated online automobile financial platform through two models: direct financing
          lease and sales-and-leaseback. In a direct financing lease arrangement, revenue is recognized over
          the lease period on a systematic and rational basis so as to produce a constant periodic rate of return
          on the net investment in the financing leases. In a sales-and-leaseback arrangement, the transaction is
          in substance a collateral financing and revenue is recognized over the lease period using the effective
          interest rate method.

          The Group provides factoring services under two principal models: factoring with recourse, where the
          Group retains the right to claim repayment from the client in the event of debtor default, and factoring
          without recourse, where the Group assumes full credit risk for the purchased receivables. In both
          models, revenue is derived solely from a discount charge recognized as interest income. The revenue
          is recognized over the service period using the effective interest rate method.

          The Group also provides automobile operating lease services to individual and corporate customers.
          Revenue from these services is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease period.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   153
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




6     OTHER INCOME AND OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS, NET

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


        Fair value losses on financial assets and derivative instruments            (161,926)         (97,063)
        Other income from business cooperation arrangements with Yusheng
          Holdings Limited (“Yusheng”) (Note 30(a))                                   65,676          65,481
        Government grants                                                             32,979          13,649
        Foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                          24,146         (33,593)
        Bank fees and charges                                                         (8,653)        (11,219)
        Impairment loss of an associate (Note 15)                                          –         (12,031)
        Negative goodwill in relation to bargain purchase                                  –         100,992
        Others, net                                                                   36,821          18,941


        Total                                                                        (10,957)          45,157


      Accounting policies of government grants

      Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognized in the consolidated income statement over
      the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate. The Group does
      not have government grants relating to property and equipment, and other non-current assets.




154   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




7   EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


    Commission fees incurred for transaction platform business                   4,045,278           4,137,977
    Employee benefit expenses                                                    1,295,885           1,019,394
    Funding costs                                                                  956,011           1,007,293
    Provision for expected credit losses:
      – Risk assurance liabilities                                                 711,098             645,949
      – Finance receivables                                                        706,903             524,766
      – Other receivables                                                          878,743             382,996
      – Trade receivables                                                           35,756              11,668
    Expenses incurred for self-operated financing lease business                   272,490             229,636
    Marketing and advertising expenditures                                         270,887             157,281
    Office and administrative expenses                                             251,342             203,749
    Depreciation and amortization charges                                          159,943             306,341
    Professional and consulting fees                                               148,608             122,350
    Provision/(Reversal) for impairment of other non-current assets                 39,840              (8,494)
    VAT surcharges                                                                  35,646              25,908
    Auditors’ remuneration
      – Audit services                                                                6,400               6,566
      – Non-audit services                                                            1,464               1,338
    Other expenses                                                                   33,710              24,568


    Total                                                                        9,850,004           8,799,286


8   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


    Wages, salaries and bonuses                                                    880,728             738,282
    Pension and benefits                                                           271,442             226,865
    Share-based compensation expenses (Note 24)                                    143,715              54,247


    Total employee benefit expenses                                              1,295,885           1,019,394




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   155
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

      (a)     Senior management’s emoluments

              Senior management includes executive directors and other senior management personnel. The
              aggregate compensation paid/payable to senior management for employee services is as follows:

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2025            2024
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


                Wages and salaries                                                  16,567         14,505
                Bonuses                                                              7,308          5,158
                Pension and benefits                                                   679            720
                Share-based compensation expenses                                   89,252         32,277


                                                                                  113,806          52,660


              The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                Numbers of individuals
                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2025            2024


                HKD6,500,001 to HKD7,000,000                                             –               1
                HKD7,500,001 to HKD8,000,000                                             1               –
                HKD9,000,001 to HKD9,500,000                                             –               1
                HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                            –               1
                HKD10,000,001 to HKD10,500,000                                           1               –
                HKD12,500,001 to HKD13,000,000                                           1               –
                HKD13,500,001 to HKD14,000,000                                           –               1
                HKD18,500,001 to HKD19,000,000                                           –               1
                HKD23,500,001 to HKD24,000,000                                           1               –
                HKD70,000,001 to HKD70,500,000                                           1               –


                                                                                         5               5




156   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

    (b)   Five highest paid individuals

          The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31 December
          2025 include 1 director (2024: 2) whose emolument is reflected in the analysis shown in Note 33. The
          emoluments payable to the remaining 4 for each of the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: 3) are
          as follows:

                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2025                2024
                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000


           Wages and salaries                                                          14,457              11,476
           Bonuses                                                                      2,759                 750
           Pension and benefits                                                           425                 305
           Share-based compensation expenses                                           35,015              16,673


                                                                                       52,656              29,204


          The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                 Numbers of individuals
                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                         2025                2024


           HKD9,000,001 to HKD9,500,000                                                      –                    2
           HKD10,000,001 to HKD10,500,000                                                    1                    –
           HKD10,500,001 to HKD11,000,000                                                    1                    –
           HKD12,500,001 to HKD13,000,000                                                    1
           HKD13,500,001 to HKD14,000,000                                                    –                    1
           HKD23,500,001 to HKD24,000,000                                                    1                    –


                                                                                             4                    3


          For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there was no emolument paid by the Group to
          any of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
          compensation for loss of office.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   157
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




8     EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

      Accounting policies of employee benefits

      (a)     Pension obligations

              The Group’s subsidiaries operating in the PRC have to make contribution to staff retirement scheme
              managed by local government authorities in accordance with the relevant rules and regulations.
              Contributions to these schemes are charged to the consolidated income statement as and when
              incurred. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions.

              The Company does not operate any other defined contribution schemes, and as such, there is no
              forfeited contributions, nor does the Company employ any actuary for defined benefit plans.

      (b)     Employee leave entitlements

              Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognized when accrue to employees. A provision is made
              for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the
              balance sheet date. Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognized until
              the time of leave.

      (c)     Bonus plans

              The expected cost of bonuses is recognized as a liability when the Group has a present legal or
              constructive obligation for payment of bonus as a result of services rendered by employees and
              a reliable estimate of the obligation can be made. Liabilities for profit sharing and bonus plans are
              expected to be settled within 1 year and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when they
              are settled.

9     FINANCE COST, NET

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


         Finance income:
           – Interest income                                                             73,326           71,550


         Finance expenses:
           – Interest expenses                                                         (128,168)        (100,025)


         Net finance cost                                                                (54,842)         (28,475)




158   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     Income tax expense of the Group for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Current income tax expense                                                        702,731             137,573
      Deferred tax (income)/expense (Note 29)                                          (188,194)            142,011


      Income tax expense                                                                514,537             279,584


     The reconciliation of Group’s actual income tax expense to the Group’s theoretical income tax amount that
     would arise using the tax rate of 25%, being the tax rate applicable to the major consolidated entities is as
     follows:

                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


      Profit before income tax                                                        1,713,103           1,089,522
      Tax calculated at PRC statutory income tax rate of 25%                            428,276             272,381
      Tax effects of:
        – Differential income tax rates applicable to certain entities
             comprising the Group (Note (a), (b), (d))                                   31,849               50,091
        – Tax effect of preferential tax treatments (Note (c))                         (338,423)            (388,402)
        – Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                      323,259              127,153
        – Withholding tax on earnings remitted/expected to be
             remitted by subsidiaries (Note (e))                                          76,022              46,473
        – Tax losses and temporary differences for which no
             deferred income tax asset was recognized                                      5,405              96,492
        – Utilization of previously unrecognized tax losses                               (2,284)             (2,181)
        – Additional deduction of research and development expense                        (3,750)             (2,250)
        – Reversal of previously recognized deferred tax assets                            4,612              82,040
        – Others                                                                         (10,429)             (2,213)


      Income tax expense                                                                514,537             279,584


     (a)   Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) Income Tax

           The Company is incorporated under the law of the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with
           limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and accordingly, is exempted
           from Cayman Islands income tax. The Group entities established under the International Business
           Companies Acts of BVI are exempted from BVI income taxes.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   159
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Hong Kong Income Tax

              The entity incorporated in Hong Kong is subject to Hong Kong profits tax of which the tax rate is 8.25%
              for assessable profits in the first HKD2 million and 16.5% for any assessable profits in excess of HKD2
              million.

      (c)     PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)

              The income tax provision of the Group in respect of its operations in PRC was calculated at the tax
              rate of 25% on the assessable profits for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, based on the
              existing legislation, interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

              Effective for 3 years commencing from the year ended 31 December 2025, Shanghai Xulu Information
              Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Xulu, formerly known as Shanghai Lanshu Information Technology
              Co., Ltd.”) was accredited as a “High-tech enterprise”, and is entitled to a preferential corporate
              income tax rate of 15% according to relevant existing PRC laws since 2022.

              In accordance with relevant PRC laws and regulations, Xinjiang Wanhong Information Technology
              Co., Ltd. (“Xinjiang Wanhong”) is exempted from EIT local-sharing part for five years. Commencing
              from the 6th operation income-generating year, Xinjiang Wanhong is eligible to enjoy a reduced EIT
              rate of 9% in 2025. Exempted from the local-sharing part of EIT for five years, commencing from the
              6th operation income-generating year, Xinjiang Wanxing Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xinjiang
              Wanxing”) is eligible to enjoy a reduced EIT rate of 9% in 2025. Exempted from the local-sharing part
              of EIT for five years, commencing from the 6th operation income-generating year, Xinjiang Yin’an
              Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Xinjiang Yin’an”) is subject to an EIT tax rate of 15% in 2025.

      (d)     Enterprise income tax in other jurisdictions

              Income tax on profit arising from other jurisdictions, including Singapore, Japan, Thailand and
              Malaysia, had been calculated on the estimated assessable profit for the year at the respective rates
              prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions, ranging from 17% to 24%.

      (e)     PRC Withholding Tax (“WHT”)

              According to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law (“EIT Law”), distribution of profits earned by PRC
              companies since 1 January 2008 to foreign investors is subject to withholding tax of 5% or 10%,
              depending on the country of incorporation of the foreign investor, upon the distribution of profits to
              overseas-incorporated immediate holding companies.

              Deferred income tax liability on WHT is accrued based on the best estimation when the Group has
              a plan to require its PRC subsidiaries to distribute their retained earnings. For the year ended 31
              December 2025, the Group had a plan to require its PRC subsidiary to distribute its retained earnings
              to overseas-incorporated immediate holding company. Accordingly, the Group accrued deferred
              income tax liability on WHT on dividends distributed by those subsidiaries established in Chinese
              Mainland in respect of earnings generated.

      Accounting policies of current and deferred income tax

      The income tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred income tax. Income tax is
      recognized in the consolidated income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognized
      in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the income tax is also recognized in other
      comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

160   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




10   INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

     Accounting policies of current and deferred income tax (Continued)

     (a)   Current income tax

           The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively
           enacted at the balance sheet date in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries operate
           and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
           respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes
           provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

     (b)   Deferred income tax

           Inside basis differences

           Deferred income tax is recognized, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
           between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
           statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognized if they arise from the initial recognition
           of goodwill or the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business
           combination that at the time of the transaction neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss is affected
           and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred income tax is
           determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance
           sheet date and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realized or the
           deferred income tax liability is settled.

           Deferred income tax assets are recognized only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable
           profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

           Outside basis differences

           Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments
           in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements, except for deferred income tax liability where the
           timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
           temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Generally, the Group is unable to control
           the reversal of the temporary difference for associates. Only when there is an agreement in place
           that gives the Group the ability to control the reversal of the temporary difference in the foreseeable
           future, deferred tax liability in relation to taxable temporary differences arising from the associate’s
           undistributed profits is not recognized.

           Deferred income tax assets are recognized on deductible temporary differences arising from
           investments in subsidiaries and associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable
           the temporary difference will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against
           which the temporary difference can be utilized.

     (c)   Offsetting

           Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
           current income tax assets against current income tax liabilities and when the deferred income tax
           assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
           taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net
           basis.



                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   161
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




11    EARNINGS PER SHARE

      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the
      weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


        Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares                                               6,726,083,355 6,456,835,246
        Less: shares held for restricted share scheme                                                      (1,785,775)   (2,065,428)


        Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for calculating
         basic earnings per share                                                                       6,724,297,580         6,454,769,818


        Profit attributable to owners of the Company for calculating basic
          earnings per share (RMB’000)                                                                        1,198,913               809,938


        Diluted impact on profit (RMB’000)                                                                               –                     –


        Profit attributable to owners of the Company for calculating diluted
          earnings per share (RMB’000)                                                                        1,198,913               809,938


        Numbers of restricted shares with potential dilutive effect (Note (b))                            183,346,800           278,306,854


        Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for calculating
         diluted earnings per share (Note (b))                                                          6,907,644,380         6,733,076,672


        Earnings per share

        – Basic (RMB per share)                                                                                    0.178                 0.125


        – Diluted (RMB per share) (Note (a))                                                                       0.174                 0.120


      Notes:

      (a)      Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to assume
               conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. For the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Company’s dilutive
               potential ordinary shares comprise share options and restricted shares awarded under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the 2024
               Share Scheme (the share scheme of the Company approved by Shareholders at the Extraordinary General Meeting on 13 May
               2025), the First and Second Share Award Scheme (Note 24).

      (b)      For the year ended 31 December 2025, a calculation was done to determine the number of shares that could have been converted
               at fair value (determined as the average market share price of the Company’s shares during the period) based on the monetary
               value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding unexercised awarded options and unvested awarded shares. The number
               of shares calculated as above was compared with the number of shares that would have been issued, assuming the conversion of
               the share options and restricted shares, with the difference being adjusted in arriving at the weighted average number of shares for
               diluted earnings per share.




162   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                            Office                   Leasehold
                                            Buildings   equipment     Vehicles    improvements            Total
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2025
     Cost                                    522,242      195,692       82,201            7,325           807,460
     Accumulated depreciation                (71,682)     (78,893)     (21,175)          (4,308)         (176,058)
     Currency translation differences              2           85           10               21               118


     Net book amount                         450,562      116,884       61,036            3,038          631,520


     For the year ended 31 December 2025
     Opening net book amount                 450,562      116,884       61,036            3,038          631,520
     Additions                               196,708       99,230       26,706            6,606          329,250
     Disposals                                     –          (25)      (6,676)               –           (6,701)
     Depreciation charge                     (13,467)     (43,130)     (17,141)          (2,485)         (76,223)
     Currency translation differences              2        1,656          310                9            1,977


     Closing net book amount                 633,805      174,615       64,235            7,168          879,823



     As at 31 December 2025
     Cost                                    718,950       293,503      96,688           13,789        1,122,930
     Accumulated depreciation                (85,149)     (120,724)    (32,773)          (6,651)        (245,202)
     Currency translation differences              4         1,741         320               30            2,095


     Net book amount                         633,805      174,615       64,235            7,168          879,823




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   163
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                               Office                     Leasehold
                                               Buildings   equipment      Vehicles     improvements        Total
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


        As at 1 January 2024
        Cost                                    454,219       82,485       37,612             7,284      581,600
        Accumulated depreciation                (56,992)     (63,138)     (14,528)           (2,900)    (137,558)
        Currency translation differences              –            4            7                20           31


        Net book amount                         397,227       19,351       23,091             4,404      444,073


        For the year ended 31 December 2024
        Opening net book amount                 397,227       19,351       23,091             4,404      444,073
        Business combination                          –           307           –                16          323
        Additions                                68,150      115,296       59,722               161      243,329
        Disposals                                  (127)       (2,436)    (11,106)                –      (13,669)
        Depreciation charge                     (14,690)     (15,715)     (10,674)           (1,544)     (42,623)
        Currency translation differences              2            81           3                 1           87


        Closing net book amount                 450,562      116,884       61,036             3,038      631,520


        As at 31 December 2024
        Cost                                    522,242      195,692       82,201             7,325      807,460
        Accumulated depreciation                (71,682)     (78,893)     (21,175)           (4,308)    (176,058)
        Currency translation differences              2           85           10                21          118


        Net book amount                         450,562      116,884       61,036             3,038      631,520


      Depreciation expenses have been charged to the consolidated income statement as follows:

                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


        Cost of revenues                                                                  2,630              –
        Selling and marketing expenses                                                   19,903         15,043
        Operation and servicing expenses                                                  1,684              –
        Administrative expenses                                                          24,667         20,989
        Research and development expenses                                                27,339          6,591


                                                                                         76,223         42,623




164   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




12   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

     Accounting policies of property and equipment

     Depreciation on property and equipment is calculated using the straight-line depreciation method to allocate
     their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

     –       Buildings                   40, 63 or 64 years
     –       Office equipment            5 years
     –       Vehicles                    5 or 6 years
     –       Leasehold improvement       Estimated useful lives or remaining lease terms, whichever is shorter

     See note 37.4 for the other accounting policies relevant to property and equipment.

13   LEASES

     (a)   Amounts recognized in the balance sheet

           The balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


             Right-of-use assets
             Properties                                                                    51,621             27,108


             Lease liabilities
             Current                                                                       23,510             10,779
             Non-current                                                                   25,690             15,036


                                                                                           49,200             25,815


           Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year ended 31 December 2025 were RMB54,279,000
           (2024: RMB16,198,000).




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   165
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




13    LEASES (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Amounts recognized in the income statement

                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                Properties                                                                     22,155            16,693


                Interest expenses (included in finance expenses)                                2,198             1,203
                Expense relating to short-term leases (included in administrative
                   expenses, selling and marketing expenses, operation and
                   servicing expenses, and research and
                   development expenses)                                                       16,000            14,670


              The total cash outflow for leases in 2025 was RMB39,331,000 (2024: RMB28,085,000).

      Accounting policies of leases

      The Group leases various offices. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1 to 5 years. Lease
      terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
      lease agreements do not impose any covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
      purposes.

      Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
      measurement of the liability.

      The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
      determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the lessee would have to
      pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar
      economic environment with similar terms and conditions.

      To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

      •       where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point,
              adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received,

      •       uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held
              by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

      •       makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

      Payments associated with short-term and low-value leases are recognized on a straight-line basis as an
      expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value
      leases are leases of underlying assets with a value, when new, in the order of magnitude of RMB40,000 or
      less.

      See note 37.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to leases.




166   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                          Computer        Business
                                            Trademarks      Domain     software and     Cooperation
                                Goodwill   and licenses      names       technology     Agreements
                                     (a)             (d)        (d)              (d)             (c)         Total
                                RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


     As at 1 January 2025
     Cost                        105,631         48,773      12,828           35,187       2,344,363       2,546,782
     Accumulated amortization          –        (28,970)    (10,898)         (19,971)     (1,813,294)     (1,873,133)


     Net book amount             105,631         19,803       1,930          15,216         531,069         673,649


     For the year ended
       31 December 2025
     Opening net book amount     105,631         19,803       1,930          15,216         531,069         673,649
     Additions                         –             12           –          10,336               –          10,348
     Disposal                          –             (7)          –            (107)              –            (114)
     Amortization charge               –         (4,177)     (1,283)         (4,940)        (51,165)        (61,565)


     Closing net book amount     105,631         15,631        647           20,505         479,904         622,318


     As at 31 December 2025
     Cost                        105,631         48,740      12,827           45,335       2,344,363       2,556,896
     Accumulated amortization          –        (33,109)    (12,169)         (24,843)     (1,864,457)     (1,934,578)


     Net book amount             105,631         15,631        658           20,492         479,906         622,318




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   167
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                Computer         Business
                                                             Trademarks         Domain       software and      Cooperation
                                                 Goodwill   and licenses         names         technology      Agreements
                                                     (a)              (d)           (d)                (d)              (c)          Total
                                                RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


        As at 1 January 2024
        Cost                                     105,631         45,899           12,828           29,342        2,344,363        2,538,063
        Accumulated amortization                       –        (25,283)          (9,615)         (17,618)      (1,574,392)      (1,626,908)


        Net book amount                          105,631         20,616            3,213           11,724         769,971           911,155


        For the year ended
          31 December 2024
        Opening net book amount                  105,631         20,616            3,213           11,724          769,971          911,155
        Business combination                           –              –                –              320                –              320
        Additions                                      –          2,874                –            6,593                –            9,467
        Disposal                                       –              –                –             (267)               –             (267)
        Amortization charge                            –         (3,687)          (1,283)          (3,154)        (238,902)        (247,026)


        Closing net book amount                  105,631         19,803            1,930           15,216         531,069           673,649


        As at 31 December 2024
        Cost                                     105,631         48,773           12,828           35,187        2,344,363        2,546,782
        Accumulated amortization                       –        (28,970)         (10,898)         (19,971)      (1,813,294)      (1,873,133)


        Net book amount                          105,631         19,803            1,930           15,216         531,069           673,649


      (a)     Impairment test for goodwill

              The Group carries out its annual impairment test on goodwill by comparing the recoverable amounts to the carrying amounts. As at
              31 December 2025, the goodwill is monitored by management at cash-generating unit level, which is also the operating segment
              level, as identified in Note 5. A segment level summary of the goodwill allocation is presented below.

                                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


                Transaction Platform Business
                  – KKC Holdings Limited                                                                      104,263               104,263
                  – Others                                                                                      1,368                 1,368


                                                                                                              105,631               105,631




168   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

     (a)   Impairment test for goodwill (Continued)

           As at 31 December 2025, the goodwill impairment test was performed at operating segment level. The recoverable amount was
           determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations used pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets
           approved by management covering a five-year period with a terminal value related to the future cash flows of extrapolated using
           the estimated growth rates stated below beyond the five-years period. The Group believes that it is appropriate to cover a five-year
           period in its cash flow projection, because it captures the development stage of the Group’s businesses during which the Group
           expects to experience a high growth rate. The accuracy and reliability of the information is reasonably assured by the appropriate
           budgeting, forecast and control process established by the Group.


           The key assumptions used by management for value-in-use calculations include (i) average annual revenue growth rate, which is
           2.5% (2024: 2.2%) for a five-year period, and (ii) discount rate, which is 24.2% (2024: 23.7%). The estimated growth rate used in
           the value-in-use calculations for period beyond the five-year period is 2.0% (2024: 2.0%).


           The revenue growth rates applied by the Group are consistent with management’s financial forecast and budget. Management
           estimates budgeted gross margin based on past experiences and forecasts of future market developments. The discount rate
           used by management is the pre-tax interest rate that is able to reflect the risks. The Group has performed a sensitivity analysis on
           key assumptions used for the annual impairment test for goodwill. A reasonably possible change in key assumptions used in the
           impairment test for goodwill would not cause any CGU’s carrying amount to exceed its respective recoverable amount.


           As at 31 December 2025, the directors are of the view that there was no impairment on the goodwill.


     (b)   Impairment test for intangible assets other than goodwill

           As at 31 December 2025, the directors are not aware of any events or changes in circumstances which would indicate that the
           carrying amount of the intangible assets may not be recoverable.

           Amortization charges were expensed in the following categories in the consolidated income statements:


                                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000


            Cost of revenues                                                                                      5,502               2,662
            Selling and marketing expenses                                                                       48,581             239,316
            Operation and servicing expenses                                                                        114                   –
            Administrative expenses                                                                               6,175               4,210
            Research and development expenses                                                                     1,193                 838


                                                                                                                 61,565             247,026




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      169
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




14    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

      (c)     Business Cooperation Agreements


              The Group underwent two Group reorganizations in 2015 and 2017, respectively (the “2015 Reorganization” and “2017
              Reorganization”, and collectively the “Reorganizations”) to establish the Company as the ultimate holding company of the Group.
              Under the Reorganizations, the Group acquired the 2015 traffic support services, 2017 traffic support services, non-compete
              undertakings, and automobile model database (collectively referred to as the “Business Cooperation Agreements”), which were
              recognized as intangible assets at fair value at the date of acquisition. The directly attributable transaction costs to acquire the
              assets were included in the costs of the intangible assets.


              For the traffic support agreement acquired upon the completion of 2015 Reorganization, it was fully amortized by 31 December
              2018 as the amortization was provided using the straight-line amortization method over 3 years according to the contract term. For
              the traffic support services acquired upon the completion of 2017 Reorganization, given that both parties have agreed upon the
              total number of transaction leads that should be referred to the Group, the Group expected to utilize the intangible asset based on
              the number of transaction leads referred and amortization is measured on an actual usage basis.


              For the non-compete undertakings in relation to the used automobile-related business, amortization is calculated using the
              straight-line amortization method over 15 years.

              The automobile model database is amortized using the straight-line amortization method over 20 years, which is the contractual
              term of the access right to the database.

              The amortization charges are included in the “Selling and marketing expenses” of the consolidated income statements.

      (d)     Amortization methods and periods

              The Group amortizes intangible assets other than BCA with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following
              periods:

              –    Trademarks and licenses                    5-10 years
              –    Domain names                               10 years
              –    Computer software and technology           5 years


      See note 37.6 for the other accounting policies relevant to intangible assets. See note (c) above for
      accounting policies relevant to BCA.




170   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      At beginning of the year                                                           303,041              500,353
      Capital injections                                                                 244,250              181,337
      Share of profits/(losses) of associates and joint ventures                          68,958               (15,607)
      Step acquisition of a joint venture                                                      –             (351,971)
      Impairment loss of associates                                                            –               (12,031)
      Currency translation differences                                                        56                   960


      At end of the year                                                                 616,305             303,041


     As at 31 December 2025, the Group invested in seven associates using equity method. In the opinion of the
     directors of the Company, none of the associates is material to the Group.

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates
        and joint ventures                                                               616,305             303,041
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
        Profits/(Losses) from continuing operations                                        68,958             (15,607)


      Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                    68,958             (15,607)


     Accounting policies of associates and joint arrangements

     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally
     accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights.

     A joint arrangement is an arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control. Investments in joint
     arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the
     contractual rights and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   171
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




15    INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

      Accounting policies of associates and joint arrangements (Continued)

      Equity method of accounting

      Investments in associates and joint ventures in the form of ordinary shares are accounted for using equity
      method of accounting in accordance with IAS 28. Under the equity method, the investment is initially
      recognized at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognize the investor’s share of
      the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The Group’s investments in these associates
      and joint ventures include goodwill identified on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment loss. Upon
      the acquisition of the ownership interest in an associate or joint venture, any difference between the cost
      of the associate and joint ventures and the Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate or the joint
      venture’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted for as goodwill.

      If the ownership interest in an associate or joint venture in the form of ordinary shares is reduced but
      significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognized in other
      comprehensive income is reclassified to consolidated income statement where appropriate.

      The Group’s share of the associates and joint ventures’ post-acquisition profit or loss is recognized in the
      consolidated income statement, and its share of post-acquisition movements in other comprehensive income
      is recognized in other comprehensive income. The cumulative post-acquisition movements are adjusted
      against the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted
      investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity, including any other unsecured receivables, the Group
      does not recognize further losses, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments
      on behalf of the entity.

      The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investments in
      associates and joint ventures are impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment
      as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate or the joint venture and its carrying value
      and recognizes the amount adjacent to “Other income and other gains, net” in the consolidated income
      statement.

      Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group and its
      associate or joint venture are recognized in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the
      extent of unrelated investor’s interests in the associates and joint ventures. Unrealized losses are eliminated
      unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of
      equity-accounted investees have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies
      adopted by the Group.

      Gains or losses on dilution of equity interest in associates and joint ventures are recognized in the
      consolidated income statement.

      The Group also has certain equity investments as limited partner with significant influence, which are
      measured at fair value through profit or loss.




172   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




16   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000


       At beginning of the year (a)                                                                       3,368,991        3,459,575
       Additions                                                                                             13,737           39,731
       Disposals                                                                                             (8,612)         (72,854)
       Fair value losses                                                                                   (146,815)         (97,063)
       Currency translation differences                                                                     (58,613)          39,602


       At end of the year (a)                                                                             3,168,688        3,368,991


     Note:

     (a)     The Company and Yusheng Holdings Limited (“Yusheng”) entered into the convertible note purchase agreements in relation to the
             Company’s investments in Yusheng by way of subscription of the convertible notes.

                                                                                                                   Number of preferred
              Subscription date                     Principal amount    Conversion Right                         shares convertible into


              13 June 2018                          USD 260,000,000     Convertible into non-voting                          13,000,000
                                                                          Series pre-A preferred shares
              15 November 2019                       USD 43,000,000     Convertible into non-voting                           2,150,000
                                                                          Series pre-A preferred shares
              18 December 2020                       RMB 80,000,000     Convertible into non-voting                             548,718
                                                                         Series B preferred shares
              16 June 2023                           USD 12,000,000     Convertible into non-voting                             462,981
                                                                         Series C-2 preferred shares




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    173
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




17    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000


        Assets as per balance sheet
        Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:
          – Long-term investments (Note 16)                                         3,168,688     3,368,991
          – Investments in associates                                                 136,521             –
        Financial assets at amortized cost:
          – Finance receivables (Note 18)                                          31,452,282    28,117,882
          – Trade receivables (Note 19)                                             4,870,268     4,907,615
          – Deposits and other receivables                                          3,641,836     2,972,928
          – Restricted cash (Note 21(b))                                            3,403,498     2,553,475
          – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21(a))                                  4,506,398     4,212,760


                                                                                   51,179,491    46,133,651


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025          2024
                                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000


        Liabilities as per balance sheet
        Financial liabilities at amortized cost:
          – Borrowings (Note 28)                                                   31,279,599    26,948,957
          – Trade payables (Note 25)                                                  823,653       964,344
          – Other payables (excluding advance from customers,
               staff costs and welfare accruals, tax payable and deferred
               revenue)                                                               410,030       250,130
          – Other non-current liabilities (excluding deferred revenue) (Note 30)       13,945         3,489
          – Risk assurance liabilities (Note 26)                                    3,079,976     2,339,355
          – Lease liabilities (Note 13)                                                49,200        25,815
          – Derivative financial instruments                                           14,898             –


                                                                                   35,671,301    30,532,090




174   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18   FINANCE RECEIVABLES

     The Group provides automobile financing lease services on its self-operated financing business. Details of
     finance receivables as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as below:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


      Finance receivables
        – Finance receivables, gross                                                  36,468,987           32,604,142
        – Unearned finance income                                                     (3,869,218)          (3,553,833)


      Finance receivables, net                                                        32,599,769           29,050,309
      Less: provision for expected credit losses                                      (1,147,487)            (932,427)


      Carrying amount of finance receivables                                          31,452,282           28,117,882


      Finance receivables, gross
        – Within one year                                                             13,111,629           12,395,208
        – After one year but not more than two years                                   9,808,906            9,005,905
        – After two years but not more than three years                                7,236,645            5,914,728
        – After three years                                                            6,311,807            5,288,301


                                                                                      36,468,987           32,604,142


      Finance receivables, net
        – Within one year                                                             11,270,548           10,587,862
        – After one year but not more than two years                                   8,467,029            7,888,941
        – After two years but not more than three years                                6,635,480            5,376,668
        – After three years                                                            6,226,712            5,196,838


      Total                                                                           32,599,769           29,050,309


     The following table sets forth the carrying amount of finance receivables by major categories:

                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


      Finance receivables:
        – Individual customers                                                        31,282,434           27,891,273
        – Auto dealers                                                                   169,848              226,609


                                                                                      31,452,282           28,117,882




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   175
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




18    FINANCE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Movements on the Group’s provision for expected credit losses of finance receivables are as follows:

                                                                   Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                             Stage I     Stage II   Stage III    Total
                                                            RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


        Opening balance at 1 January 2025                     596,549          61,627     274,251        932,427
        Provision for impairment                              360,189          16,945     353,985        731,119
        Reversal of impairment                                      –               –     (24,216)       (24,216)
        Transfer for the period:
        Conversion to Stage I                                     218            (171)        (47)             –
        Conversion to Stage II                                (76,582)         76,733        (151)             –
        Conversion to Stage III                              (215,948)        (41,545)    257,493              –
        Asset derecognized (including final repayment)               –               –      24,216        24,216
        Write-off                                                    –               –    (516,059)     (516,059)


        Ending balance at 31 December 2025                    664,426         113,589     369,472      1,147,487


                                                                         Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                              Stage I          Stage II    Stage III       Total
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000


        Opening balance at 1 January 2024                     461,847          42,527     249,929        754,303
        Provision for impairment                              328,811           2,661     253,000        584,472
        Reversal of impairment                                      –               –     (59,706)       (59,706)
        Transfer for the period:
        Conversion to Stage I                                       86             (60)       (26)             –
        Conversion to Stage II                                 (47,179)        47,257         (78)             –
        Conversion to Stage III                              (147,016)        (30,758)    177,774              –
        Asset derecognized (including final repayment)               –               –      59,706        59,706
        Write-off                                                    –               –    (406,348)     (406,348)


        Ending balance at 31 December 2024                    596,549          61,627     274,251        932,427




176   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




19   TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Trade receivables                                                                4,939,327           4,941,727
      Less: provision for impairment                                                     (69,059)            (34,112)


      Trade receivables, net                                                           4,870,268           4,907,615

      Trade receivables, net                                                           4,870,268           4,907,615
        – Within one year                                                              2,895,985           2,917,220
        – After one year but not more than five years                                  1,974,283           1,990,395


     Trade receivables include loan facilitation receivables and guarantee premium receivables.

     (a)   An aging analysis of trade receivables (net of provision for impairment) based on days past due is as
           follows:

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


             Not due                                                                   4,848,635           4,872,916
             Up to 3 months                                                               21,187              22,869
             3 to 6 months                                                                   126                 997
             Over 6 months                                                                   320              10,833


                                                                                       4,870,268           4,907,615


           As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of trade receivables are primarily
           denominated in RMB and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.

     (b)   Movements on the Group’s provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                     Provision for impairment
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


             At 1 January                                                                  34,112              23,571
             Charge for the year                                                           35,756              11,668
             Write-off                                                                       (809)             (1,127)


             At 31 December                                                                69,059              34,112




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   177
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20    PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000               RMB’000


        Included in non-current assets:
        Prepayments for equity transactions (a)                                                                 140,000                 50,000
        Vehicles collected from financing lease customers                                                       114,022                 77,579
        Deposits                                                                                                 13,153                  8,945
        Long-term prepaid expense                                                                                 1,506                  2,442
        Others                                                                                                   13,303                  2,242


                                                                                                                281,984               141,208
        Less: provision for impairment of vehicles collected
          from financing lease customers                                                                         (63,995)              (48,777)


                                                                                                                217,989                 92,431


        Included in current assets:
        Deposits                                                                                              1,194,650               695,699
        Factoring                                                                                               952,270               572,500
        Loans recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance                                            827,187               719,180
        Loans to related parties (b)                                                                            600,466                 5,720
        Prepaid taxes                                                                                           198,952               184,055
        Loans to third parties (b)                                                                              132,702               227,222
        Other receivables from third parties                                                                    112,671               823,643
        Other receivables from disposal of assets                                                                52,218               102,170
        Prepayments                                                                                              48,040                26,611
        Others                                                                                                   38,045                67,611


                                                                                                              4,157,201             3,424,411
        Less: provision for impairment of other receivables                                                    (265,184)             (244,914)


                                                                                                              3,892,017             3,179,497


        Total                                                                                                 4,110,006             3,271,928


      Notes:

      (a)       In November 2024 and September 2025, prepayments for equity transactions amounted to RMB50 million and RMB90 million were
                paid by Beijing Xulu Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Xulu”, formerly known as, Beijing Yixin Information Technology Co.,
                Ltd.) in an investee. As of 31 December 2025, the transaction has not been completed.

      (b)       The loans to third and related parties are arranged to be recovered by the end of December 2026 given the business terms. As at
                31 December 2025, the applicable interest rates on loans to third and related parties are from 7.00% to 10.00% per annum (2024:
                7.00% to 10.00%) and 6.15% to 10.18% per annum (2024: 7.00%), respectively.




178   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




20   PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER ASSETS (CONTINUED)

     As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of prepayments, deposits and other assets are
     primarily denominated in RMB and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates. As at 31
     December 2025 and 2024, there are no significant balances that are past due.

     Movements on the Group’s provision for impairment of prepayments, deposits and other assets are as
     follows:

                                                                                         Provision for impairment
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


      As at 1 January                                                                        293,691              283,657
      Business combination                                                                         –                24,662
      Provision for impairment                                                               927,598              390,657
      Recovery of write-off                                                                    9,015                16,155
      Reversal of provision provided in relation to the recovery of write-off                 (9,015)              (16,155)
      Write-off                                                                             (892,110)            (405,285)


      As at 31 December                                                                      329,179             293,691


     As at 31 December 2025, within the ECL allowance of prepayments, deposits and other assets
     RMB329,179,000 (2024: RMB293,691,000), RMB194,396,000 (2024: RMB104,339,000) is related loans
     recognized as a result of payment under risk assurance.

21   CASH AND BANK BALANCES

     (a)   Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


             Cash and cash equivalents                                                     4,506,398           4,212,760




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   179
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21    CASH AND BANK BALANCES (CONTINUED)

      (a)     Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)

              As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents
              are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


                CNY                                                                    4,098,912        3,344,365
                USD                                                                      201,871          582,468
                SGD                                                                      136,500           80,776
                JPY                                                                       54,126          199,552
                HKD                                                                        5,632            5,561
                MYR                                                                        5,480                –
                MOP                                                                        2,749               28
                THB                                                                        1,128               10


                                                                                       4,506,398        4,212,760


      (b)     Restricted cash

              Cash that is restricted as to withdrawal for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the
              face of the consolidated balance sheets, and is not included in the total cash and cash equivalents in
              the consolidated statements of cash flows.

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


                Cash deposited for loan facilitation services & SaaS services (a)      2,465,367        2,188,419
                Cash deposited for borrowings (b)                                        867,168          309,667
                Term deposits pledged for bank borrowings (c)                             66,407           54,722
                Others                                                                     4,556              667


                                                                                       3,403,498        2,553,475


                Of which are:
                Current restricted cash                                                3,362,193        2,520,319
                Non-current restricted cash                                               41,305           33,156




180   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




21   CASH AND BANK BALANCES (CONTINUED)

     (b)   Restricted cash (Continued)

           Notes:


           (a)      The balance represents the deposits placed with banks for the Group’s loan facilitation services and SaaS services. Such
                    balance is restricted from withdrawal by the Group.

           (b)      The balance represents the cash deposited for bank borrowings and cash collected from the finance receivables that
                    are deposited for asset-backed securitization or other secured borrowings of the Group. Such balance is restricted from
                    withdrawal by the Group.

           (c)      The balance represents the term deposits placed with banks and used as pledged assets for the Group’s bank borrowings
                    (Note 28).


           As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of the Group’s restricted cash are
           denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000


             RMB                                                                                        3,398,789            2,553,288
             SGD                                                                                            4,149                    –
             HKD                                                                                              560                  187


                                                                                                        3,403,498            2,553,475


           As at 31 December 2025, the applicable interest rates per annum on restricted cash ranged from
           0.10% to 1.70% (2024: 0.00% to 2.00%).

22   SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM

                                                        Number          Nominal value                 Number          Nominal value
                                                     of ordinary          of ordinary             of preferred          of preferred
                                                         shares               shares                   shares                shares
                                                                             USD’000                                        USD’000


      Authorized:
      As at 1 January and
        31 December 2025                        15,000,000,000                      1,500                        –                      –


      As at 1 January and
        31 December 2024                        15,000,000,000                      1,500                        –                      –




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      181
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




22    SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                   Equivalent
                                                                                                  Nominal            nominal
                                                                              Number              value of           value of
                                                                           of ordinary            ordinary           ordinary               Share
                                                              Note             shares              shares             shares             premium
                                                                                                  USD’000           RMB’000              RMB’000


        Issued:
        At 1 January 2025                                               6,524,128,512                  642               4,285         34,858,220


        Shares issued upon exercise of employee
          share options                                        (b)        263,050,189                    26                189            931,999
        Vesting of restricted awarded shares                   (c)                  –                     3                 21             60,336
        Dividend declared                                      (d)                  –                     –                  –           (814,398)


        As at 31 December 2025                                          6,787,178,701                  671               4,495         35,036,157


        At 1 January 2024                                               6,524,065,512                  639               4,262         34,964,305


        Shares issued upon exercise of employee
          share options                                        (b)              63,000                    –                  –                226
        Vesting of restricted awarded shares                   (c)                   –                    3                 23             71,381
        Dividend declared                                      (d)                   –                    –                  –           (177,692)


        As at 31 December 2024                                          6,524,128,512                  642               4,285         34,858,220


      Notes:

      (a)      On 12 October 2017, the Company modified the share option agreement with 20 grantees, including 1 director, 6 other senior
               management members, and 13 other employees, by immediately vesting a total of 15,957,262 share options held by the grantees.
               On the same day, the grantees exercised the share options in full for 15,957,262 ordinary shares issued by the Company and
               transferred 7,167,993, 3,439,269 and 5,350,000 ordinary shares to Xindu Limited, Spring Forests Limited and Yidu Limited,
               respectively, which are trusts established to hold the shares for and on behalf of the grantees (collectively, “Share Scheme Trusts”).
               The grantees’ entitlement of the trusts is subject to vesting conditions that are substantially the same as those in the share option
               agreement before abovementioned modification. The ordinary shares held by Share Scheme Trusts are not considered issued and
               outstanding until the grantee’s entitlement of the trusts is vested. As at 31 December 2025, total number of ordinary shares held by
               Share Scheme Trusts amounted to 111,700,834 (2024: 111,700,834), after giving effect to capitalization issue. 110,650,834 (2024:
               110,650,834) ordinary shares held by Share Scheme Trusts are issued and outstanding.

      (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, 233,550,189 (2024: 63,000) pre-IPO and 29,500,000 (2024: nil) 2024 Share Scheme
               share options were exercised, with exercise price of USD0.0014 and HKD0.7.

      (c)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, 40,050,460 (2024: 43,578,787) ordinary shares of the Company were transferred to the
               share awardees upon vesting of the awarded shares (Note 24).

      (d)      Following the declaration on Annual General Meeting of the Company dated 12 May 2025, the final and special dividends for
               the year ended 31 December 2024 amounting to HKD879.1 million (equivalent to RMB814.4 million) (2024: HKD195.7 million,
               equivalent to RMB177.7 million) was declared on 26 June 2025. During 2025, HKD878.7 million (equivalent to RMB801.4 million)
               (2024: HKD195.7 million, equivalent to RMB177.9 million) was paid.




182   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




23   OTHER RESERVES

                                                                                             Share-      Shares held
                                                                          Statutory          based         for share          Currency
                                                            Capital         surplus    compensation           award         translation
                                                   Note   Reserves       reserve (a)        reserve         scheme      differences (b)     Total
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000


       At 1 January 2025                                   (431,554)        544,841        1,142,921            (461)          378,061    1,633,808
       Currency translation differences                           –               –                –               –           (58,805)     (58,805)
       Share-based compensation                    24             –               –          139,286               –                 –      139,286
       Shares issued upon exercise of employee
         share options                                            –               –         (910,936)              –                 –     (910,936)
       Vesting of restricted awarded shares                       –               –          (60,357)              –                 –      (60,357)
       Purchase of restricted shares under share
         award scheme                                             –               –                –         (12,460)                –     (12,460)
       Appropriation to statutory reserves                        –         301,294                –               –                 –     301,294


       At 31 December 2025                                 (431,554)        846,135         310,914          (12,921)          319,256    1,031,830


       At 1 January 2024                                   (431,554)        218,502        1,168,313          (2,047)          343,168    1,296,382
       Currency translation differences                           –               –                –               –            34,893       34,893
       Share-based compensation                    24             –               –           53,901               –                 –       53,901
       Shares issued upon exercise of employee
         share options                                            –               –             (225)              –                 –          (225)
       Vesting of restricted awarded shares                       –               –          (79,068)          7,664                 –       (71,404)
       Purchase of restricted shares under share
         award scheme                                             –               –                –          (6,078)                –      (6,078)
       Appropriation to statutory reserves                        –         326,339                –               –                 –     326,339


       At 31 December 2024                                 (431,554)        544,841        1,142,921            (461)          378,061    1,633,808


     Notes:

     (a)       The Company’s subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC are required to make appropriations to statutory reserves from their profits
               for the year after offsetting accumulated losses carried forward from prior years and before distribution to equity holders. The
               percentages to be appropriated to such statutory reserves are determined according to the relevant regulations in the PRC, and
               further appropriation is optional when the accumulated statutory surplus reserve fund is 50% or more of the registered capital of the
               subsidiaries.

     (b)       Currency translation differences represent the differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of companies
               within the Group that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency of RMB for the financial statements of the
               Company and the Group.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      183
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

      The total expenses recognized in the consolidated income statement for share-based awards granted to the
      Group’s employees are RMB143,715,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB54,247,000).

      (a)     Share options granted to employees under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and
              the 2024 Share Scheme

              Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme

              The exercise price of the granted options to employees is USD0.0014. The options have graded
              vesting terms determined in the grant letter, on the condition that employees remain in service without
              any performance requirements. The vesting dates are determined by the Company and grantees for
              each option agreement. The granted options have a contractual option term of ten years. The Group
              has no legal or constructive obligation to repurchase or settle the options in cash.

              2024 Share Scheme

              On 9 May 2024, the Company conditionally proposed the adoption of the 2024 Share Scheme and
              the 2024 Share Scheme was approved by the Shareholders in general meeting. Upon the approval of
              adoption of the 2024 Share Scheme, the Company granted 250,000,000 share options on 27 June
              2024.

              The directors have used a Binomial option pricing model to determine the fair value of the share
              options as at the grant date. Key assumptions are required to be determined by the directors using
              their best estimates. Fair value per option granted is HKD0.2624 and exercise price of the granted
              options to employees is HKD0.70. The options have graded vesting terms determined in the grant
              letter, on the condition that employees remain in service without any performance requirements. The
              vesting dates are determined by the Company and grantees for each option agreement. The granted
              options have a contractual option term of seven or ten years.

              On March 25, 2025, the Company announced the granting of 151,163,921 share options to employees
              under the 2024 Share Scheme, which had been approved by the Shareholders in general meeting
              held on May 13, 2025. The directors have used a Binomial option pricing model to determine the fair
              value of the share options as at the grant date. Key assumptions are required to be determined by the
              directors using their best estimates. Average fair value per option granted is HKD1.0986 and exercise
              price of the granted options to employees is HKD1.694. Provided that the performance target set forth
              in the grant letter is achieved, all the Share Options granted shall vest in five equal installments on
              each of the first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversaries of the date of the grant.

              Movements in the number of share options granted to employees outstanding are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of share options
                                                                                             2025             2024


                Outstanding as at 1 January                                          485,100,848      235,163,848
                Granted during the year                                              151,163,921      250,000,000
                Exercised during the year                                           (263,050,189)         (63,000)
                Outstanding as at 31 December                                        373,214,580      485,100,848


                Exercisable as at 31 December                                         34,550,659      235,100,848




184   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)

     (a)   Share options granted to employees under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and
           the 2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

           2024 Share Scheme (Continued)

           The directors have used the discounted cash flow method to determine the underlying equity fair value
           of the Company and adopted an equity allocation model to determine the fair value of the underlying
           ordinary shares. Key assumptions, such as discount rate and projections of future performance, are
           required to be determined by the directors using their best estimates.

           Based on the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares, the directors have used a Binomial
           option-pricing model to determine the fair value of the share options as at the grant date. Key
           assumptions are set as below:

                                                                3 July     1 October         27 June           May 13,
                                                                 2017          2017             2024             2025


            Fair value per option granted                    USD3.70       USD4.90        HKD0.2624        HKD1.0986
            Exercise price                                   USD0.01       USD0.01          HKD0.70         HKD1.694
            Risk-free interest rate                             2.50%         2.46%    3.4% or 3.6%             3.10%
            Dividend yield                                      0.00%         0.00%             4.3%            3.10%
            Expected volatility                                   51%           56%              51%              54%
            Expected terms                                    10 years      10 years    7 or 10 years         10 years
            Weighted-average remaining contractual life      2.5 years    2.75 years 6.5 or 9.5 years       9.25 years
            Weighted-average fair value per option granted   USD3.69       USD4.89        HKD0.2624        HKD1.0986
            Weighted-average fair value per option granted
              (after the effect of capitalization issue)     USD0.53       USD0.70        HKD0.2624        HKD1.0986


           The directors estimated the risk-free interest rate based on the yield of US Treasury Strips with a
           maturity life closed to the remaining maturity life of the share option for Pre-IPO share options and the
           yield of Hong Kong Government Debt with a maturity life equal to the expected option life for 2024
           share options. Volatility was estimated at grant date based on average of historical volatilities of the
           comparable companies with length commensurable to the time to maturity of the share option for
           Pre-IPO share options and the historical daily stock prices of the Company for a period with length
           commensurable to the remaining maturity life of the share option for 2024 share options. Dividend yield
           is based on management estimation at the grant date. Before IPO, the directors have only granted two
           batches of share options to employees under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     (b)   Restricted share units (“RSUs”) granted to employees under the First and Second
           Share Award Scheme

           Starting from 2018, the Group granted RSUs to the Group’s employees under the First and Second
           Share Award Scheme (“Share Award Scheme”). The RSUs granted would vest on specific dates, or
           in equal tranches from the grant date over two to four years, on condition that employees remain in
           service without any performance requirements. Once the vesting conditions underlying the respective
           RSUs are met, the RSUs are considered duly and validly issued to the holder, and free of restrictions
           on transfer.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   185
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Restricted share units (“RSUs”) granted to employees under the First and Second
              Share Award Scheme (Continued)

              In March 2025, the board decided to reward employees (Employee Grant) remain in service for
              their contribution to the performance of the group by granting them 3,440,000 share appreciation
              rights (SARs). The rights entitle the employees to a cash payment after one to five years of service.
              The amount payable will be determined based on the increase of Yixin Group Limited’s share price
              between the grant date (25 March 2025: HK$1.66) and the vesting date (25 March 2026 to 25 March
              2030).

              Under the Employee Grant, each of the grantees is (i) not a director, chief executive or substantial
              shareholder of the Company, or any of their respective associates; (ii) not a participant with options
              and share awards granted and to be granted exceeding the 1% individual limit under Rule 17.03D(1)
              of the Listing Rules; and (iii) not a Related Entity Participant. The Employee Grant is not subject to the
              approval by the Shareholders

              Movements in the number of RSUs granted to the Group’s employees and the respective
              weighted-average grant date fair value are as follows:

                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                         average fair
                                                                                        Number             value per
                                                                                        of RSUs           RSU (USD)


                Outstanding as at 1 January 2025                                     43,496,286              USD0.27
                Granted during the year                                             225,115,947              USD0.27
                Vested and sold during the year                                     (40,050,460)             USD0.28
                Forfeited during the year                                            (2,985,828)             USD0.15


                Outstanding as at 31 December 2025                                  225,575,945              USD0.27


                Vested as at 31 December 2025                                       267,447,334              USD0.29


                Outstanding as at 1 January 2024                                     87,012,573              USD0.28
                Granted during the year                                                2,080,000             USD0.09
                Vested and sold during the year                                     (43,578,787)             USD0.28
                Forfeited during the year                                             (2,017,500)            USD0.18


                Outstanding as at 31 December 2024                                   43,496,286              USD0.27


                Vested as at 31 December 2024                                       227,396,874              USD0.29


              The fair value of RSUs is determined based on the closing price of the Group’s publicly traded ordinary
              shares on the date of grant.




186   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




24   SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONTINUED)

     (c)   Expected Retention Rate

           The Group has to estimate the expected yearly percentage of grantees that will stay within the Group
           at the end of the vesting periods of the share options and RSUs (the “Expected Retention Rate”) in
           order to determine the amount of share-based compensation expenses charged to the consolidated
           income statement. As at 31 December 2025, the Expected Retention Rate for the Group’s directors,
           senior management members, and other employees was assessed to be 98%, 98% and 97%,
           respectively (31 December 2024: 100%, 100% and 95%).

25   TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Trade payables                                                                     823,653             964,344


     An aging analysis of trade payables based on transaction date is as follows:

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Up to 3 months                                                                     823,277             957,436
      3 to 6 months                                                                          106                  80
      6 months to 1 year                                                                      27                  16
      Over 1 year                                                                            243               6,812


                                                                                         823,653             964,344


26   RISK ASSURANCE LIABILITIES

     A summary of the Group’s risk assurance liabilities movement for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
     2024 is presented below:

                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      As at 1 January                                                                  2,339,355           1,602,733
      Addition arising from new business                                               3,143,571           2,456,043
      Income from guarantee services and related VAT                                  (2,115,052)         (1,615,300)
      ECL                                                                                711,098             645,949
      Payouts during the year, net                                                      (998,996)           (926,800)
      Business combination                                                                     –             176,730


      As at 31 December                                                                3,079,976           2,339,355




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   187
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




26    RISK ASSURANCE LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

      As at 31 December 2025, the ECL allowance of risk assurance liabilities amounted to approximately
      RMB2,864,974,000 (2024: RMB1,934,970,000).

27    OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


        Accrued expenses                                                           178,655         150,319
        Staff costs and welfare accruals                                           144,525         122,983
        Deposits payable                                                           125,357         119,765
        Deferred other income – current (Note 30(a))                                76,529          77,948
        Tax payable                                                                 67,453          52,381
        Advances from customers                                                     39,954          18,087
        Others                                                                     106,018         130,365


                                                                                   738,491         671,848


      As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of the Group’s other payables and accruals,
      excluding advances from customers, staff costs and welfare accruals, tax payable, deferred revenue and
      other accruals, approximate their fair values at each of the reporting date.

28    BORROWINGS

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000


        Included in non-current liabilities:
        Unsecured borrowings (a)                                                 6,241,812       8,946,161
        Asset-backed securitization debt (b)                                     5,853,224       2,662,314
        Other secured borrowings (c)                                             2,061,156         950,598
        Pledge borrowings (d)                                                      300,428         286,828


                                                                                14,456,620      12,845,901


        Included in current liabilities:
        Unsecured borrowings (a)                                                 6,452,814       7,075,093
        Asset-backed securitization debt (b)                                     5,843,270       3,954,608
        Other secured borrowings (c)                                             4,244,724       2,888,610
        Pledge borrowings (d)                                                      282,171         184,745


                                                                                16,822,979      14,103,056


        Total borrowings                                                        31,279,599      26,948,957




188   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




28   BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

     Notes:

     (a)      As at 31 December 2025, borrowings amounting to RMB2,960,349,000 (2024: RMB2,775,820,000) are guaranteed by the
              Company and its certain subsidiaries; and borrowings amounting to RMB9,734,277,000 (2024: RMB13,245,434,000) are unsecured
              loans.

     (b)      The Group securitizes finance receivables arising from its consumers through transfer of those assets to asset-backed securitization
              vehicles. The securitization vehicles usually issue senior tranche debt securities to third party investors, collateralized by the
              transferred assets, and subordinate tranche debt securities to the Group. In limited circumstances, the Group may also subscribe
              for a portion of the senior tranche debt securities. The asset-backed debt securities issued by the securitization vehicles to third
              party investors are recourse to the Group. The securitization vehicles are considered as controlled structured entities of the Group,
              and the asset-backed debt securities subscribed by third party investors are reported as current and non-current borrowings in the
              consolidated balance sheets based on their respective expected repayment dates. As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount
              of finance receivables that were collateralized in securitization transactions was RMB16,928,085,000 (2024: RMB8,008,655,000).

     (c)      As at 31 December 2025, borrowings amounting to RMB6,305,880,000 (2024: RMB3,839,208,000) are secured by the cash
              proceeds of certain of the Group’s finance receivables and trade receivables. As at 31 December 2025, the finance receivables and
              trade receivables amounting to RMB7,353,430,000 (2024: RMB3,086,280,000) and RMB587,295,000 (2024: nil) are used as pledge
              for such borrowings.

     (d)      The pledge borrowings are collateralized by a pledge of term deposits with carrying values of RMB66,407,000 (2024:
              RMB54,722,000) and the Group’s finance receivables amounting to RMB223,359,000 (2024: RMB851,371,000) as at 31 December
              2025.


     The borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


       Within 1 year                                                                                        16,822,979            14,103,056
       Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                 8,905,215             6,842,731
       Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                 5,540,157             5,999,058
       Over 5 years                                                                                             11,248                 4,112


                                                                                                            31,279,599            26,948,957


     As at 31 December 2025, the applicable interest rates on long-term borrowings range from 2.13% to 6.31%
     (2024: 2.30% to 8.79%) per annum.

     As at 31 December 2025, the applicable interest rates on short-term borrowings range from 0.60% to 4.98%
     (2024: 1.20% to 8.00%) per annum.

     As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of borrowings are primarily denominated in RMB
     and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates. Risk exposure are set out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      189
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29    DEFERRED INCOME TAX

      The analysis of deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000


        Deferred income tax assets:
          – To be recovered within 12 months                                               696,590      546,663
        Set-off of deferred income tax assets                                              (16,354)     (23,391)


        Net deferred income tax assets                                                     680,236      523,272


        Deferred income tax liabilities:
         – To be recovered after 12 months                                                 (96,250)     (134,741)
         – To be recovered within 12 months                                                    (91)           (91)


                                                                                           (96,341)     (134,832)


        Set-off of deferred income tax liabilities                                          16,354        23,391


        Net deferred income tax liabilities                                                (79,987)     (111,441)


      The gross movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:

                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2025          2024
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000


        At 1 January                                                                       411,831       484,931
        Credited/(Charged) to consolidated income statement                                188,194      (142,011)
        Business combination                                                                     –        70,102
        Currency translation differences                                                       224         (1,191)


        At 31 December                                                                     600,249      411,831




190   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29   DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

     The movements in deferred income tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
     the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:

     Deferred income tax liabilities

                                                                       Withholding
                                                                         tax on the
                                                                           earnings
                                                         Fair value       expected
                                                            gain on           to be
                                                          financial     remitted by
                                                             assets    subsidiaries        Others             Total
                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


      At 1 January 2025                                     (54,434)       (79,882)             (516)       (134,832)
      Credited to consolidated income statement              32,033          4,668                91          36,792
      Currency translation differences                            –          1,699                 –           1,699


      At 31 December 2025                                   (22,401)       (73,515)             (425)         (96,341)


      At 1 January 2024                                     (56,542)        (56,352)            (607)        (113,501)
      Credited/(Charged) to consolidated
        income statement                                      2,108         (22,478)              91          (20,279)
      Currency translation differences                            –           (1,052)              –            (1,052)


      At 31 December 2024                                   (54,434)        (79,882)            (516)        (134,832)




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   191
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




29    DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

      Deferred income tax assets

                                                        Provision
                                                    for expected    Provision for
                                                    credit losses    impairment
                                                       of finance        of trade
                                                     receivables     receivables    Tax losses         Others        Total
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


        At 1 January 2025                                240,342          21,101        49,275         235,945      546,663
        Credited/(Charged) to consolidated income
          statement                                       91,816          12,175          (630)         48,041      151,402
        Currency translation differences                      24               –        (1,501)              2       (1,475)


        At 31 December 2025                              332,182          33,276        47,144         283,988      696,590


        At 1 January 2024                                225,754          15,979      149,611          207,088      598,432
        Business combination                                   –               –        5,546           64,556       70,102
        Credited/(Charged) to consolidated income
          statement                                       14,595           5,122      (105,750)        (35,699)    (121,732)
        Currency translation differences                      (7)              –          (132)              –         (139)


        At 31 December 2024                              240,342          21,101        49,275         235,945      546,663


      Deferred income tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences to the extent that the
      realization of the related tax benefits through future taxable profits is probable.

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group did not recognize deferred income tax assets of RMB37,764,000
      (2024: RMB32,653,000) in respect of cumulative tax losses amounting to RMB221,520,000 (2024:
      RMB185,387,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income. The tax losses applicable to
      Hong Kong tax law and Singapore tax law can be carried forward indefinitely, the tax losses applicable to
      Japan tax law will expire from 2033 to 2035 and the tax losses recognize in PRC will expire from 2026 to
      2030.

30    OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2025            2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


        Deferred other income (a)                                                                  745,760        829,467
        Long-term deposits payable                                                                  13,945          3,489


                                                                                                   759,705        832,956




192   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




30   OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)
     Note:

     (a)     On 13 June 2018, the Company and Yusheng entered into the convertible note purchase agreement, the Business Cooperation
             Agreement (“BCA”) and the framework agreement in relation to the Company’s investment in Yusheng by way of subscription of the
             convertible bond. The Company agreed to provide certain cooperation services to Yusheng and/or its affiliates pursuant to the BCA
             for a term of 20 years. The BCA includes (i) providing certain traffic support in relation to the used automobile transaction business
             (“Used Automobile Transaction Business”); (ii) providing certain automobile database related services; and (iii) the Group shall
             not engage in, invest in, own, manage, operate or provide assistance to businesses that may compete with the Used Automobile
             Transaction Business during predetermined terms. Deferred revenue was initially recognized at fair value of the services in the BCA
             included in “Other payables and accruals” and “Other non-current liabilities” on the consolidated balance sheet. Other income from
             business cooperation arrangements with Yusheng was recognized over time within the term of BCA included in “Other income and
             other gains, net” on the consolidated income statements.


31   CASH FLOW INFORMATION
     (a)     Cash used in operations

                                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                 2025                   2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000

              Profit before income tax                                                                       1,713,103             1,089,522
              Adjustments for:
                – Provision for impairment of trade receivables (Note 19)                                        35,756                 11,668
                – Provision for expected credit losses of finance
                     receivables (Note 18)                                                                      706,903               524,766
                – Provision for impairment of other receivables (Note 20)                                       878,743               382,996
                – Provision for impairment of other non-current assets (Note 20)                                 39,840                 (8,494)
                – Provision for impairment losses of risk assurance (Note 26)                                   711,098               645,949
                – Depreciation of property and equipment (Note 12)                                               76,223                42,623
                – Amortization of intangible assets (Note 14)                                                    61,565               247,026
                – Amortization of right-of-use assets (Note 13)                                                  22,155                16,693
                – Gains on disposals of non-current assets                                                          646                    967
                – Negative goodwill in relation to bargain purchase (Note 6)                                          –              (100,992)
                – Share-based compensations (Note 24)                                                           143,715                54,247
                – Fair value losses on at fair value
                     through profit or loss and derivative instruments (Note 6)                                 161,926                 97,063
                – Share of (profits)/losses of investments accounted for using
                     equity method (Note 15)                                                                   (68,958)                 15,607
                – Investment income                                                                             (2,871)                   (200)
                – Impairment loss on investment in an associate (Note 15)                                            –                  12,031
                – Interest income                                                                              (14,452)                (13,968)
                – Interest expenses (Note 9)                                                                   128,168                100,025
                – Funding costs (Note 7)                                                                       956,011              1,007,293
                – Foreign exchange losses, net (Note 6)                                                        (24,146)                 33,593
                – Increase in vehicles for operating leases                                                    (15,873)                (14,015)
                - (Increase)/Decrease in trade receivables                                                    (143,502)               156,702
                – Increase in finance receivables                                                           (4,036,440)            (4,759,453)
                – Increase in prepayments, deposits and other assets                                        (1,025,481)              (898,342)
                – Increase in other operational restricted cash                                               (369,429)                (92,019)
                – (Decrease)/Increase in trade payables                                                       (138,786)                 63,134
                – Increase/(Decrease) in risk assurance liabilities                                             29,523                 (86,057)
                – Increase/(Decrease) in other payables and accruals                                            66,267               (384,638)
                – Decrease in other non-current liabilities                                                    (55,912)                (61,436)

              Cash used in operations                                                                          (164,208)           (1,917,709)



                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED       193
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




31    CASH FLOW INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Major non-cash transactions

              Other than those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, there were no material non-cash
              transactions for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

      (c)     Net Debt Reconciliation

                                                   Liabilities from financing activities       Cash and cash
                                                                                                  equivalents
                                                                       Lease                    and restricted
                                               Borrowings          liabilities        Subtotal           cash         Total
                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                As at 1 January 2025           (26,948,957)          (25,815)      (26,974,772)      6,766,235    (20,208,537)
                Cash flows                      (4,267,325)           23,331        (4,243,994)      1,167,807     (3,076,187)
                Other non-cash movements           (63,317)          (46,716)         (110,033)              –       (110,033)
                Foreign exchange adjustments             –                 –                 –         (24,146)       (24,146)


                As at 31 December 2025         (31,279,599)          (49,200)      (31,328,799)      7,909,896    (23,418,903)


                As at 1 January 2024           (23,155,782)          (24,085)      (23,179,867)      5,596,514    (17,583,353)
                Cash flows                       (3,744,570)          15,338         (3,729,232)     1,193,756      (2,535,476)
                Other non-cash movements             (48,605)        (17,068)            (65,673)            –          (65,673)
                Foreign exchange adjustments               –               –                   –       (24,035)         (24,035)


                As at 31 December 2024         (26,948,957)          (25,815)      (26,974,772)      6,766,235    (20,208,537)


              The non-cash movements of borrowings are primarily related to the amortization of loan origination
              fees and accrual interests over the term of borrowings. The non-cash movements of leases included
              accrued interest expenses and addition of lease liabilities.




194   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     The following significant transactions were carried out between the Group and its related parties. In the
     opinion of the directors of the Company, the related party transactions were carried out in the normal course
     of business and at terms negotiated between the Group and the respective related parties.

     (a)   Major shareholders

                                                                                              Ownership interest
             Name                    Type                    Place of incorporation                2025            2024


             Tencent Group           Major shareholder       Cayman Islands and                 51.79%          54.20%
                                                               Hong Kong


     (b)   Names and relationships with related parties

             Company                                                  Relationship


             Bitauto Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries            Subsidiary of a major shareholder
               (“Bitauto Group”)
             Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Company Limited        Subsidiary of a major shareholder
             Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd.                      Subsidiary of a major shareholder
             Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd.               Subsidiary of a major shareholder
             Shanghai Shenlin Precision Advertising Co., Ltd. and     Associate
               its subsidiaries (“Shenlin Group”)
             M STAR INNOVATION, S.A. DE C.V.                          Associate




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   195
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (c)     Significant transactions with related parties

              In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following transactions were
              carried out with related parties (all amounts are presented net of value-added taxes):

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000


                (i)     Provision of technical support services to a related
                        party
                        Bitauto Group                                                    10,377             2,477


                (ii)    Provision of property rent service
                        Bitauto Group                                                      3,007            3,007


                (iii)   Purchases of advertising and other services from
                        related party
                        Shenlin Group                                                    29,349           11,686


                (iv)    Purchases of used car valuation services in
                        accordance with used auto services agreements
                        Bitauto Group                                                    38,264           22,620


                (v)     Purchases of data services and traffic support
                        services from related parties
                        Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Company Limited                  5,201            4,701
                        Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd.                           430            4,284


                                                                                           5,631            8,985


                (vi)    Purchase of payment services in accordance with
                        payment services framework agreements
                        Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd.                                3,021            2,500




196   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




32   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

     (c)   Significant transactions with related parties (Continued)

           Note:

           (a)     In addition to the amounts disclosed above, as part of the 2017 Traffic Support Services, the Group obtained used
                   automobile traffic support services from Bitauto Group free of charge for a term of 3 years and automatically renewable for
                   a further period of 2 years commencing from 26 May 2017, in which all online enquiries regarding used automobile-related
                   business arising from Bitauto Group’s websites would be directed to the Group.


     (d)   Year end balances with related parties

                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000


             Trade and other payables due to related parties for goods
               and services
               Bitauto Group                                                                                 17,328                33,553


           Except for the related parties transactions disclosed under Note 32(f), balances with other related
           parties were all unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed repayment date.

     (e)   Key management personnel compensations

           Key management includes executive directors and other members of the Company’s senior
           management team. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employee services is
           shown in Note 8(a).

     (f)   Loan to related parties

                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000


             M STAR INNOVATION, S.A. DE C.V.                                                               594,746                      –
             Shenlin Group                                                                                   5,720                  5,720


                                                                                                           600,466                  5,720




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED      197
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

      The remuneration of every director for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out as below:

                                                                              Pension costs  Share-based
                                                         Wages and               and social compensation
        Name                                      Fees     salaries   Bonuses security costs expenses (a)     Total
                                               RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000


        Executive Director
        Xuan Zhang                                   –        3,915      3,944          108        56,298    64,265
        Dong Jiang                                   –        4,379        855          163         1,514     6,911
        Rodney Ling Kay Tsang
           (appointed in February 2025)              –        1,175          –            –             –     1,175
        Non-executive Directors
        Wai Yip Tsang (appointed in
           May 2025)                                 –            –          –            –             –         –
        Amanda Chi Yan Chau
           (resigned in May 2025)                    –            –          –            –             –         –
        Qing Hua Xie
           (resigned in May 2025)                    –            –          –            –             –         –
        Qin Miao (resigned in
           January 2025)                             –            –          –            –             –         –
        Independent non-
           executive Directors
        Chester Tun Ho Kwok                          –        2,476          –            –             –     2,476
        Tin Fan Yuen                                 –        2,472          –            –             –     2,472
        Lily Li Dong                                 –        1,447          –            –             –     1,447
        Henry Chi Hung Yim
           (appointed in February 2025)              –        1,183          –            –             –     1,183


                                                     –       17,047      4,799          271        57,812    79,929




198   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                            NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




33   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (CONTINUED)

     The remuneration of every director for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out as below:

                                                                                            Pension costs     Share-based
                                                             Wages and                         and social    compensation
       Name                                     Fees           salaries        Bonuses      security costs    expenses (a)           Total
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


       Executive Director
       Xuan Zhang                                    –            3,745            3,658              108            9,544          17,055
       Dong Jiang                                    –            3,450              600              157            4,484           8,691
       Non-executive Directors
       Amanda Chi Yan Chau                           –                –                –                –                –                –
       Qing Hua Xie                                  –                –                –                –                –                –
       Qin Miao                                      –                –                –                –                –                –
       Independent non-
          executive Directors
       Tin Fan Yuen                                  –            2,344                –                –                –            2,344
       Chester Tun Ho Kwok                           –            2,348                –                –                –            2,348
       Lily Li Dong                                  –            1,372                –                –                –            1,372


                                                     –           13,259            4,258              265          14,028           31,810


     Note:

     (a)      Share-based compensation expenses are calculated by applying a graded vesting approach according to IFRS 2 that has the
              effect of recognizing more expenses up front comparing to recognizing expenses evenly during vesting periods. For Pre-IPO Share
              Option, expenses are calculated with fair value of each option from USD0.53 to USD0.70 (HKD4.12 to HKD5.46). For the First
              and Second Share Award Scheme, expenses are calculated with fair value of each share from USD0.10 to USD0.40 (HKD0.81 to
              HKD3.14). For the options granted on 27 June 2024 under 2024 Share Scheme, expenses are calculated with fair value of each
              share on HKD0.2624. For the options granted on 13 May 2025 under 2024 Share Scheme, expenses are calculated with fair value
              of each share on HKD1.0986. As at 31 December 2025, closing price of the Group on Hong Kong Stock Exchange was HKD2.56
              (USD0.33).


     During the year ended 31 December 2025, there are no retirement or termination benefits that have been
     paid to the Company’s directors (2024: nil).

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, there are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the
     directors, their controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (2024: nil).

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the Company’s directors received any emoluments as an
     inducement to join or upon joining the Group (2024: nil).

     No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which the
     Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
     indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2024: nil).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED     199
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




34    CONTINGENCIES

      The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as at 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

35    SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

      Since year end, the directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK10.0 cents per fully
      paid ordinary share and a special dividend of HK4.0 cents per fully paid ordinary share. Subject to the
      approval at the Annual General Meeting, the aggregate amount of the proposed dividend expected to be paid
      on Friday, June 26, 2026 out of profit for the year ended 31 December 2025, but not recognized as a liability
      at year end, is HKD950.2 million (equivalent to RMB838.6 million).

      On 2 March 2026, the Company issued a conversion notice to Yusheng to fully exercise the Company’s
      conversion rights attached to the convertible notes of Yusheng. The completion of the conversion of the
      convertible notes is subject to, among other things, the completion of the reorganization of Yusheng. Upon
      completion of the conversion, the Company will hold an aggregate of 15,150,000 Series Pre-A preferred
      shares, 548,718 Series B preferred shares, and 462,981 Series C-2 preferred shares of Yusheng and will
      continue to account for the investment in Yusheng at fair value through profit or loss. As at the date of this
      report, the conversion has not been completed.

36    BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

      (a)     Balance sheet of the Company

                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


                ASSETS
                Non-current assets
                Investment in subsidiaries                                             5,115,527        5,165,055
                Prepayments, deposits and other assets                                14,882,525       15,515,894


                                                                                      19,998,052       20,680,949


                Current assets
                Restricted cash                                                                –              187
                Cash and cash equivalents                                                  4,538            2,018


                                                                                           4,538            2,205


                Total assets                                                          20,002,590       20,683,154




200   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36   BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

     (a)   Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


            EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
            Equity
            Share capital                                                            4,495               4,285
            Share premium                                                       35,036,157          34,858,220
            Other reserves                                                       1,715,842           2,954,719
            Accumulated losses                                                 (19,238,204)        (19,140,371)


            Total equity                                                       17,518,290           18,676,853


            Liabilities
            Non-current liabilities
            Borrowings                                                             669,028             184,147
            Other non-current liabilities                                          744,522             827,522


                                                                                 1,413,550           1,011,669


            Current liabilities
            Borrowings                                                               9,543                   –
            Other payables and accruals                                          1,061,207             994,632


                                                                                 1,070,750             994,632


            Total liabilities                                                    2,484,300           2,006,301


            Total equity and liabilities                                       20,002,590           20,683,154


           The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 5 March 2026 and was
           signed on its behalf.




           Andy Xuan Zhang                       Dong Jiang
           Director                              Director




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   201
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




36    BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

      (b)     Reserves movement of the Company

                                                                                       Accumulated              Other
                                                                                              loss           reserves
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


                At 1 January 2025                                                        (19,140,371)        2,954,719
                Profit for the year                                                          (97,833)                –
                Share-based compensation                                                           –           139,286
                Shares issued upon exercise of employee share options                              –          (910,936)
                Vesting of restricted awarded shares                                               –           (60,357)
                Purchase of restricted shares under share award scheme                             –           (12,460)
                Currency translation differences                                                   –          (394,410)


                At 31 December 2025                                                      (19,238,204)        1,715,842


                At 1 January 2024                                                        (19,154,154)        2,703,559
                Profit for the year                                                           13,783                  –
                Share-based compensation                                                           –            53,901
                Shares issued upon exercise of employee share options                              –               (225)
                Vesting of restricted awarded shares                                               –           (71,404)
                Purchase of restricted shares under share award scheme                             –             (6,078)
                Currency translation differences                                                   –           274,966


                At 31 December 2024                                                      (19,140,371)        2,954,719


37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      37.1 Subsidiaries

              37.1.1 Consolidation

                       A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The
                       Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from
                       its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over
                       the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the
                       Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

                       Intra-group transactions, balances and unrealized gains on transactions between group
                       companies are eliminated. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                       evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts reported by
                       subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group’s accounting policies.

                       Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                       consolidated income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated
                       statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.




202   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)

          37.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                (a)    Subsidiaries controlled through New Contractual Arrangements

                       The wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, Tianjin Kars Information Technology Co.,
                       Ltd. (“Tianjin Kars”), has entered into the New Contractual Arrangements, including
                       Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, Exclusive Option Agreements, Equity Pledge
                       Agreements, and Powers of Attorney, with Beijing Xulu Information Technology Co., Ltd.,
                       (“Beijing Xulu”, formerly known as, Beijing Yixin Information Technology Co., Ltd.) and its
                       equity holders, which enable Tianjin Kars and the Group to:

                       •      govern the financial and operating policies of Beijing Xulu;

                       •      exercise equity holders’ voting rights of Beijing Xulu;

                       •      receive substantially all of the economic interest returns generated by Beijing
                              Xulu in consideration for the business support, technical and consulting services
                              provided by Tianjin Kars;

                       •      obtain an irrevocable and exclusive right to purchase all or part of the equity
                              interests in Beijing Xulu from the respective equity holders at a minimum purchase
                              price permitted under PRC laws and regulations. Tianjin Kars may exercise such
                              options at any time until it has acquired all equity interests of Beijing Xulu; and

                       •      obtain a pledge over the entire equity interests of Beijing Xulu from its respective
                              equity holders as collateral security for all of Beijing Xulu’s payments due to
                              Tianjin Kars and to secure performance of Beijing Xulu’s obligation under the New
                              Contractual Arrangements.

                       As a result of the New Contractual Arrangements, the Group has right to exercise power
                       over Beijing Xulu, receive variable returns from its involvement with Beijing Xulu, has the
                       ability to affect those returns through its power over Beijing Xulu and thus is considered
                       to control Beijing Xulu. Consequently, the Company regards Beijing Xulu as its controlled
                       structured entity and consolidates the financial position and results of operations of
                       Beijing Xulu in the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

                       Nevertheless, the New Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective as direct legal
                       ownership in providing the Group with direct control over Beijing Xulu. Uncertainties
                       presented by the PRC legal system could impede the Group’s beneficiary rights of the
                       results, assets and liabilities of Beijing Xulu. The directors of the Company, based on
                       the advice of its legal counsel, consider that the New Contractual Arrangements among
                       Tianjin Kars, Beijing Xulu and its equity holders do not violate the currently applicable
                       PRC laws and regulations and are legally binding and enforceable.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   203
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)

              37.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                       (b)     Business combinations

                               The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations not
                               under common control. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                               is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of
                               the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred
                               includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration
                               arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed
                               in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition
                               date.

                               The Group recognizes any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an
                               acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present
                               ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s
                               net assets in the event of liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present
                               ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognized amounts of the acquiree’s
                               identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at
                               their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by IFRS.

                               Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                               If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value
                               of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair
                               value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are
                               recognized in profit or loss.

                               Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in
                               the future are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount
                               rate used is the entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar
                               borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier under comparable terms and
                               conditions. Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability.
                               Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with
                               changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

                               The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest
                               in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in
                               the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as
                               goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognized
                               and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of
                               the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognized
                               directly in the consolidated income statement, presented as “negative goodwill in relation
                               to a bargain purchase”.




204   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)

          37.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)

                 (c)   Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                       Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control are
                       accounted for as equity transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners of
                       the subsidiary in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any
                       consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying amount of net assets
                       of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling
                       interests are also recorded in equity.

                 (d)   Disposal of subsidiaries

                       When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured
                       to its fair value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount
                       recognized in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes
                       of subsequent accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or
                       financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognized in other comprehensive
                       income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed
                       of the related assets or liabilities. It means the amounts previously recognized in other
                       comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category
                       of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRS.

          37.1.2 Separate financial statements

                 Investments in subsidiaries (including structured entities) are accounted for at cost less
                 impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are
                 accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                 Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                 these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in
                 the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate
                 financial statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the
                 investee’s net assets including goodwill.

     37.2 Government grants

          Grants from government are recognized at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
          the grants will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   205
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.3 Foreign currency translation

              (a)     Functional and presentation currency

                       Items included in the financial information of each of the Group’s entities are measured
                       using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the
                       “functional currency”). The functional currency of the Company is United States dollars (“USD”).
                       The Company’s primary subsidiaries were incorporated in the PRC and these subsidiaries
                       considered RMB as their functional currency. As the major operations of the Group are within
                       the PRC, the Group determined to present its consolidated financial statements in RMB (unless
                       otherwise stated).

              (b)     Transactions and balances

                       Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                       rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured.
                       Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from
                       the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
                       foreign currencies are recognized in the consolidated income statement.

                       Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated
                       income statement within “Finance cost, net”. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are
                       presented in the consolidated income statement within “Other income and other gains, net”.

                       Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at
                       fair value through profit or loss are recognized in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or
                       loss. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as fair
                       value through other comprehensive income are recognized in other comprehensive income.

              (c)     Group companies

                       The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of
                       a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                       currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                       •       assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate
                               at the date of that balance sheet;

                       •       income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange
                               rates unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect
                               of rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which cases income and expenses are
                               translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions; and

                       •       all resulting currency translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive
                               income.

                       Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as
                       assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency translation
                       differences arising are recognized in other comprehensive income.



206   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.4 Property and equipment

          Property and equipment are stated at historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes
          expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognized as a separate asset, as
          appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
          the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part
          is derecognized. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
          during the financial period in which they are incurred.

          The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
          each reporting period.

          An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
          carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 37.7).

          Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
          and are recognized within “Other income and other gains, net” in the consolidated income statement.

     37.5 Leases

          Leases are recognized as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
          leased asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability
          and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce
          a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period. The
          right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a
          straight-line basis.

          Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease
          liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

          •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable,

          •     variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate,

          •     amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees,

          •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that
                option, and

          •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising
                that option.

          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit
          or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
          balance of the liability for each period.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   207
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.5 Leases (Continued)

              Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

              •        the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability,

              •        any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                       received,

              •        any initial direct costs, and

              •        restoration costs.

      37.6 Intangible assets

              (a)     Goodwill

                       Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                       transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date
                       fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net
                       assets acquired.

                       For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
                       to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit
                       from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is
                       allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for
                       internal management purposes. The Group’s goodwill is monitored at the operating segment
                       level.

                       Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes
                       in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                       goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                       value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognized immediately as an expense and is
                       not subsequently reversed.

              (b)     Trademarks and licenses

                       Separately acquired trademarks and licenses are shown at historical cost. Trademarks and
                       licenses acquired in a business combination are recognized at fair value at the acquisition
                       date. Trademarks and licenses have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated
                       amortization.

              (c)     Domain names

                       Domain names are initially recognized and measured at costs incurred to acquire and bring to
                       use the domain names.




208   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.6 Intangible assets (Continued)

          (d)   Computer software and technology

                Acquired computer software licenses are capitalized on the basis of the costs incurred to
                acquire and bring to use the specific software.

                Costs associated with maintaining computer software programmes are recognized as an
                expense as incurred. Development costs that are directly attributable to the design and
                testing of identifiable and unique software products controlled by the Group are recognized as
                intangible assets when the following criteria are met:

                •      It is technically feasible to complete the software product so that it will be available for
                       use;

                •      Management intends to complete the software product and use or sell it;

                •      There is an ability to use or sell the software product;

                •      It can be demonstrated how the software product will generate probable future economic
                       benefits;

                •      Adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                       use or sell the software product are available; and

                •      The expenditure attributable to the software product during its development can be
                       reliably measured.

                Directly attributable costs that are capitalized as part of the software product include the
                software development employee costs and an appropriate portion of relevant overheads.
                Capitalised development costs are recorded as intangible assets and amortized from the point
                at which the asset is ready for use. RMB15,248,000 software development costs have been
                capitalized by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB6,515,000).

                Research and development expenditures that do not meet these criteria are recognized as
                “Research and development expenses” in the consolidated income statement as incurred.
                Development costs previously recognized as an expense are not recognized as an asset in a
                subsequent period.

     37.7 Impairment of non-financial assets

          Intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortization and are tested
          annually for impairment. Assets that are subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever
          events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
          An impairment loss is recognized for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds
          its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of
          disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
          levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial
          assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
          impairment at each reporting date.


                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   209
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.8 Non-current assets held for sale

              Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally
              through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable.
              They are measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except
              for assets such as deferred tax assets, assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets and
              investment property that are carried at fair value and contractual rights under insurance contracts,
              which are specifically exempt from this requirement.

              An Impairment loss is recognized for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset to fair value
              less costs to sell. A gain is recognized for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of
              an asset, but not in excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognized. A gain or loss
              not previously recognized by the date of the sale of the non-current asset is recognized at the date of
              derecognition.

              Non-current assets are not depreciated or amortized while they are classified as held for sale. Interest
              and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for sale continue
              to be recognized.

              Non-current assets classified as held for sale are presented separately from the other assets in the
              statement of financial position.

      37.9 Investments and other financial assets

              (a)     Classification

                       The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                       •       those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                               income or through profit or loss), and

                       •       those to be measured at amortized cost.

                       The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and
                       the contractual terms of the cash flows.

                       For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
                       or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for
                       trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of
                       initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive
                       income (FVOCI).

                       The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                       those assets changes.




210   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

          (b)   Recognition and derecognition

                Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-date, the date on
                which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognized when
                the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred
                and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

          (c)   Measurement

                At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL), transaction costs that are directly
                attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried
                at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                Debt instruments

                Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                •      Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those
                       cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortized
                       cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the
                       effective interest rate method. For POCI financial assets – assets that are credit-impaired
                       at initial recognition – the Group calculates the credit-adjusted effective interest rate,
                       which is calculated based on the amortized cost of the financial asset instead of its
                       gross carrying amount and incorporates the impact of ECL in estimated future cash
                       flows. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognized directly in profit or loss and
                       presented in “Other income and other gains, net” together with foreign exchange gains
                       and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated
                       income statement. The Group’s assets measured at amortized cost comprise of
                       “Trade receivables”, “Finance receivables”, “Prepayments, deposits and other assets”,
                       “Restricted cash” and “Cash and cash equivalents” in the consolidated balance sheet.

                •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                       financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
                       interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
                       other comprehensive income, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses,
                       interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognized in profit
                       or loss. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously
                       recognized in other comprehensive income is derecognized from equity to profit or loss
                       and recognized in “Other income and other gains, net”. Interest income from these
                       financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method.
                       Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in “Other income and other gains, net”
                       and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated income
                       statement.

                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   211
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.9 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

              (c)      Measurement (Continued)

                       Debt instruments (Continued)

                       •       FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are measured
                               at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment or derivative financial instrument that is
                               subsequently measured at FVPL is recognized in profit or loss and presented net within
                               “Other income and other gains, net” in the period in which it arises.

                       Equity instruments

                       The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                       management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other
                       comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to
                       profit or loss following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments
                       continue to be recognized in profit or loss as “Other income and other gains, net” when the
                       Group’s right to receive payments is established. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment
                       losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other
                       changes in fair value.

                       Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognized in “Other income and other
                       gains, net” in the consolidated income statement as applicable.

              (d)     Impairment

                       The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
                       finance receivables and other receivables. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                       whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                       For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which
                       requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of the receivables, see
                       Note 19 for further details.

      37.10 Offsetting financial instruments

              Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the balance sheet when there
              is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a
              net basis or realize the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must
              not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in
              the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the counterparty.




212   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.11 Financial guarantee contracts

          Financial guarantee contracts are recognized as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued.
          The risk assurance liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

          •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under IFRS 9
                Financial Instruments, and

          •     the amount initially recognized less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                recognized in accordance with the principles of IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                Customers .

          The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in
          cash flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments
          that would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a
          third party for assuming the obligations.

          Provision for expected credit losses on risk assurance liability, as applicable, is recognized as credit
          impairment losses within operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are
          credited against the same line item.

     37.12 Trade and other receivables

          Trade and other receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services
          performed in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected
          in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as
          current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

          Trade and other receivables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
          amortized cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.

     37.13 Cash and cash equivalents

          In the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand,
          deposits held at call with banks, and other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities
          of three months or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject
          to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

     37.14 Share capital

          Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

          Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new ordinary shares or options are shown in
          equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

          Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity instruments (treasury shares), the
          consideration paid, including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is
          deducted from equity attributable to equity holders of the Company until the shares are cancelled or
          reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently reissued, any consideration received, net of
          any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in
          equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.

                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   213
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.15 Trade payables

              Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary
              course of business from suppliers. Trade payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is
              due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
              presented as non-current liabilities.

              Trade payables are recognized initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortized cost
              using the effective interest method.

      37.16 Borrowing

              Borrowings are recognized initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
              subsequently carried at amortized cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
              and the redemption value is recognized in the consolidated income statement over the period of the
              borrowings using the effective interest method.

              Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognized as transaction costs of the loan to
              the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is
              deferred until the draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some
              or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalized as a prepayment for liquidity services and
              amortized over the period of the facility to which it relates.

              Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
              settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

      37.17 Borrowing costs

              General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
              of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
              for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are
              substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

              All other borrowing costs are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

              The funding costs associated with the borrowings for the Group’s self-operated financing business are
              recognized as cost of revenues. The interest expenses associated with the borrowings for the Group’s
              general operations are recognized as finance expenses.




214   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37   SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     (CONTINUED)

     37.18 Share-based payments

          (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                 The Group operates the Pre-IPO Share Option and Share Award Schemes (defined in Note
                 24), under which it receives services from employees and non-employees as consideration for
                 share options and restricted shares units (collectively referred to as “Share Awards”) of the
                 Company. The fair value of the services received in exchange for the grant of the Share Awards
                 is recognized as an expense on the consolidated income statement.

                 In terms of the Share Awards awarded, total amount to be expensed is determined by reference
                 to the fair value of the equity instruments granted:

                 •      including any market performance conditions;

                 •      excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions; and

                 •      including the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of Share
                 Awards that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service
                 conditions. It recognizes the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in the
                 consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                 When the share options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received
                 net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value),
                 and share premium.

          (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities

                 The grant by the Company of share options and restricted share units over its equity
                 instruments to the employees and non-employees of subsidiaries undertakings in the Group is
                 treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of services received, measured by reference to
                 the grant date fair value, is recognized over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
                 subsidiaries undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in separate financial statements
                 of the Company.

     37.19 Provisions

          Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
          past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
          amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognized for future operating losses.

          Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
          settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognized
          even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of
          obligations may be small.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   215
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




37    SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (CONTINUED)

      37.19 Provisions (Continued)

              Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
              obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
              the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognized
              as interest expense.

      37.20 Earnings per share

              (a)     Basic earnings per share

                       Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                       •       the profit attributable to owners of the company, excluding any costs of servicing equity
                               other than ordinary shares

                       •       by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                               adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding
                               treasury shares.

              (b)     Diluted earnings per share

                       Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per
                       share to take into account:

                       •       the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                               potential ordinary shares, and

                       •       the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been
                               outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

      37.21 Dividend income

              Dividend income is recognized when the right to receive payment is established.

      37.22 Dividend distribution

              Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognized as a liability in the Group’s and the
              Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s
              shareholders or directors, where appropriate.




216   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38   SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY

     The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries and controlled structured entity at 31 December 2025:

                                                                                                                              Effective interest
                                            Place and date                                                  Particulars of        held as at
                                            of incorporation and kind     Principal activities and         issued/paid-in       31 December
      Name of entity                        of legal entity               place of operation                       capital      2025          2024


      KKC Holdings Limited                  The Cayman Islands,           Investment holding,                   USD7,700       100%           100%
                                              22 April 2014,                the Cayman Islands
                                              Limited Liability Company

      KKC Holdings Limited                  Hong Kong,                    Investment holding,                       HKD1       100%           100%
                                              8 May 2014,                   Hong Kong
                                              Limited Liability Company

      Beijing KKC Technology                The PRC,                      Transaction services,            USD11,400,000       100%           100%
        Company Limited #                     10 July 2014,                 the PRC
                                              Limited Liability Company

      Shanghai Changtu Financing            The PRC,                      Leasing services,             USD1,500,000,000       100%           100%
        Lease Co., Ltd. (formerly known       12 August 2014,               the PRC
        as Shanghai Yixin Financing           Limited Liability Company
        Lease Co., Ltd.) *

      Yixin Holding Hong Kong               Hong Kong,                    Investment holding,                      HKD10       100%           100%
        Limited (formerly known as            27 November 2014,             Hong Kong
        Yixin Capital Hongkong Limited)       Limited Liability Company

      Xinche Investment (Shanghai)          The PRC,                      Investment holding,           USD2,040,354,040       100%           100%
        Co., Ltd. (formerly known as          16 January 2015,              the PRC
        Shanghai Rongche Information          Limited Liability Company
        Technology Limited) #

      Shanghai Xulu Information Technology The PRC,                       Technology development,        RMB150,000,000        100%           100%
        Co., Ltd. (formerly known as         29 January 2015,               the PRC
        Shanghai Lanshu Information          Limited Liability Company
        Technology Co., Ltd.)

      Shanghai Xingyisheng Information      The PRC,                      Information technology,          USD20,000,000       100%           100%
        Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly        29 January 2015,               the PRC
        known as Shanghai Techuang            Limited Liability Company
        Advertisements Co., Ltd.) *

      Tianjin Hengtong Jiahe Financing      The PRC,                      Leasing services,               USD500,000,000       100%           100%
        Lease Co., Ltd. *                     18 May 2015,                  the PRC
                                              Limited Liability Company




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    217
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38    SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                            Effective interest
                                                Place and date                                             Particulars of       held as at
                                                of incorporation and kind     Principal activities and    issued/paid-in      31 December
        Name of entity                          of legal entity               place of operation                  capital     2025          2024


        Shenyang Yixin Financial Service        The PRC,                      Financial services,         RMB10,000,000      100%          100%
          Co., Ltd.#                              13 December 2016,             the PRC
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Beijing Yixin Auto Leasing Co., Ltd.    The PRC,                      Auto leasing,                RMB9,000,000      100%          100%
                                                  15 December 2016,             the PRC
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Guangzhou Rongche Financing             The PRC,                      Leasing services,          RMB200,000,000      100%          100%
         Lease Co., Ltd.                          8 March 2017,                 the PRC
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Tianjin Huibao Information Technology The PRC,                        Information technology,      USD2,000,000      100%          100%
          Consultants Co,. Ltd. (formerly       10 August 2017,                  the PRC
          known as Tianjin Huibao               Limited Liability Company
          Advertising Co., Ltd.)#

        Xinjiang Wanxing Information            The PRC,                      Information technology,     RMB20,000,000      100%          100%
          Technology Co., Ltd.#                   24 January 2018,               the PRC
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Tianjin Wuxin Commercial                The PRC,                      Commercial factoring,       RMB80,000,000      100%          100%
          Factoring Co., Ltd.                     12 June 2018,                 the PRC
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Rising Champion International Limited   Hong Kong,                    Investment holding,                  HKD1      100%          100%
                                                  15 June 2018,                 Hong Kong
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Tianjin Kars Information                The PRC,                      Transaction services,       RMB20,000,000      100%          100%
          Technology Co., Ltd.#                   19 June 2018,                 the PRC
                                                  Limited Liability Company

        Eminent Success Holdings                British Virgin Islands,       Investment holding,            USD50,000       100%          100%
         Group Limited                            26 June 2018,                 British Virgin Islands
                                                  Limited Liability Company




218   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38   SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                             Effective interest
                                           Place and date                                                  Particulars of        held as at
                                           of incorporation and kind     Principal activities and         issued/paid-in       31 December
     Name of entity                        of legal entity               place of operation                       capital      2025          2024


     Xinjiang Jinchuan Jiahua Automobile   The PRC,                      Transaction services,             RMB5,000,000       100%           100%
       Service Co., Ltd.#                    20 March 2019,                the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Shanghai Zengxin Information          The PRC,                      Technology development,        RMB500,000,000        100%           100%
       Technology Co., Ltd.                  25 April 2019,                the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Guangdong Haihan Technology           The PRC,                      Information technology,        RMB102,200,000        100%           100%
      Development Co., Ltd. #                8 November 2019,               the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Guangzhou Shengda Financing           The PRC,                      Financial services,           RMB1,900,170,000       100%           100%
      Guarantee Company Limited              12 November, 2019,            the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Hainan Xinye Information              The PRC,                      Information technology,         RMB10,000,000        100%           100%
       Technology Co., Ltd.                  21 April, 2020,                the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Xinjiang Wanhong Information          The PRC,                      Information technology,         RMB20,000,000        100%           100%
       Technology Co., Ltd.                  15 September 2020,             the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Tianjin Duoxin Financing Guarantee    The PRC,                      Financial services,            RMB400,000,000        100%           100%
       Company Limited#                      18 September 2020,            the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Beijing Xinshu Information            The PRC,                      Information technology,           RMB3,000,000       100%           100%
       Technology Co., Ltd.                  22 September 2020              the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Yunnan Juliying enterprise            The PRC,                      Financial services,             RMB20,000,000        100%           100%
       management Co., Ltd.                  10 October 2020,              the PRC
                                             Limited Liability Company

     Yixin Investment Hong Kong limited    Hong Kong,                    Investment holding,                       HKD1       100%           100%
                                             25 November 2020,             Hong Kong
                                             Limited Liability Company




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    219
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38    SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                            Effective interest
                                              Place and date                                               Particulars of       held as at
                                              of incorporation and kind      Principal activities and     issued/paid-in      31 December
        Name of entity                        of legal entity                place of operation                   capital     2025          2024


        Ruige Capital Management Co., Ltd.#   The PRC,                       Investment holding,         USD100,000,000      100%          100%
                                                23 December 2020,              the PRC
                                                Limited Liability Company

        Beijing Lanshu Information            The PRC,                       Information technology,      RMB50,000,000      100%          100%
          Technology Co., Ltd.                  5 February 2021,                the PRC
                                                Limited Liability Company

        Qingdao Wanxin Information            The PRC,                       Information technology,      RMB10,000,000      100%          100%
          Technology Co., Ltd.#                 22 September 2021,              the PRC
                                                Limited Liability Company

        X STAR Technology PTE. LTD.           Singapore,                     Lease service,               SGD70,000,000      100%          100%
          (formerly known as YI STAR            9 February 2022,               Singapore
          PTE. LTD.)                            Private Trading
                                                Enterprise Limited

        X STAR Technology Holding Ltd.        British Virgin                 Investment holding,                       –     100%          100%
          (formerly known as YI STAR          Islands,                         British Virgin Islands
          Holding Ltd.)                       30 June 2022,
                                              Limited Liability Company

        Hainan Shengxin Financing             The PRC,                       Financial services,         RMB200,000,000      100%          100%
          Guarantee Co., Ltd.                   2 December 2022,               the PRC
                                                Limited Liability Company

        X STAR Corporation (formerly known    Japan,                         Lease service,              JPY260,000,000      100%          100%
          as YISTAR Corporation)                29 March 2023,                 Japan
                                                Kabushiki Kaisha

        Shanghai Yi Bang Tai Renewable        The PRC,                       Recycling and utilization    RMB10,000,000      100%          100%
          Resources Co., Ltd.                   8 August 2023,                 of renewable resources,
                                                Limited Liability Company      the PRC

        X STAR Financial Services PTE. LTD.   Singapore,                     Lease service,               SGD30,000,000      100%          100%
                                                22 August 2023,                Singapore
                                                Private Trading Enterprise
                                                Limited

        Beijing Yi Bang Tai Renewable         The PRC,                       Recycling and utilization    RMB10,000,000      100%          100%
          Resources Co., Ltd.                   29 August 2023,                of renewable resources,
                                                Limited Liability Company      the PRC




220   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                           NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38   SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                             Effective interest
                                         Place and date                                                    Particulars of        held as at
                                         of incorporation and kind      Principal activities and          issued/paid-in       31 December
     Name of entity                      of legal entity                place of operation                        capital      2025          2024


     Hangzhou Yi Bang Tai Renewable      The PRC,                       Recycling and utilization        RMB10,000,000        100%           100%
       Resources Co., Ltd.                 1 September 2023,              of renewable resources,
                                           Limited Liability Company      the PRC

     Chengdu Yi Bang Tai Renewable       The PRC,                       Recycling and utilization        RMB10,000,000        100%           100%
       Resources Co., Ltd.                 18 September 2023,             of renewable resources,
                                           Limited Liability Company      the PRC

     Nanjing Yi Bang Tai Renewable       The PRC,                       Recycling and utilization        RMB10,000,000        100%           100%
       Resources Co., Ltd.                 20 September 2023,             of renewable resources,
                                           Limited Liability Company      the PRC

     X Technology Holding Ltd.           British Virgin Islands,        Investment holding,                            –      100%           100%
                                           5 October 2023,                British Virgin Islands
                                           Limited Liability Company

     X Technology Holding Hong Kong      Hong Kong,                     Investment holding,                        HKD1       100%           100%
       Limited                             15 November 2023,              Hong Kong
                                           Limited Liability Company

     Shanghai Luchang Information        The PRC,                       Information technology,            RMB1,000,000       100%           100%
       Technology Co., Ltd.                22 November 2023,               the PRC
                                           Limited Liability Company

     X STAR (THAILAND) Co., Ltd.         Thailand,                      Lease service,                     THB5,000,000       100%           100%
       (Thailand)                          24 March 2024,                 Thailand
                                           Limited Liability Company

     Shanghai Rongche Information        The PRC,                       Information technology,            RMB5,000,000       100%           100%
       Technology Co., Ltd.                5 December 2024,                the PRC
                                           Limited Liability Company

     X STAR Insurance Agency PTE. LTD.   Singapore,                     Insurance,                          SGD100,000        100%                –
                                           4 February 2025,               Singapore
                                           Private Trading Enterprise
                                           Limited

     Hangzhou Xulu Information           The PRC,                       Information technology,             RMB100,000        100%                –
       Technology Co., Ltd.                19 February 2025,               the PRC
                                           Limited Liability Company




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    221
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38    SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                            Effective interest
                                             Place and date                                                Particulars of       held as at
                                             of incorporation and kind      Principal activities and      issued/paid-in      31 December
        Name of entity                       of legal entity                place of operation                    capital     2025          2024


        Xinjiang Aiche Information           The PRC,                       Information technology,       RMB20,000,000      100%                –
          Technology Co., Ltd.                 24 February 2025,               the PRC
                                               Limited Liability Company

        MKX Technology PTE. LTD.             Singapore,                     Information technology,         SGD200,000      82.1%                –
                                               1 April 2025,                   Singapore
                                               Private Trading Enterprise
                                               Limited

        X STAR Property Holdings PTE. LTD.   Singapore,                     Real estate property lease,     SGD100,000       100%                –
                                               9 May 2025,                    Singapore
                                               Private Trading Enterprise
                                               Limited

        X STAR Technology Hong Kong          Hong Kong,                     Investment holding,                    HKD1      100%                –
          Limited                              22 May 2025,                   Hong Kong
                                               Limited Liability Company

        X STAR Technology Malaysia           Malaysia,                      Lease service,                   MYR10,000       100%                –
          SDN. BHD.                           25 July 2025,                   Malaysia
                                              Private Trading Enterprise
                                              Limited

        Vroom Vroom PTE. LTD.                Singapore,                     Vehicle Retail,                 SGD100,000       100%                –
                                               6 August 2025,                 Singapore
                                               Private Trading Enterprise
                                               Limited

        X STAR Car Center Corporation        Japan,                         Vehicle service,               JPY5,000,000      100%                –
                                               8 August 2025,                 Japan
                                               Kabushiki Kaisha

        Chongqing Xinaiche Information       The PRC,                       Information technology,       RMB10,000,000      100%                –
          Technology Co., Ltd.                 29 September 2025,              the PRC
                                               limited liability company

        X STAR Technology Holdings Ltd.      The Cayman Islands,            Investment holding,                        –     100%                –
                                               6 October 2025,                the Cayman Islands
                                               Limited Liability Company
        Hainan Xinaiche Information          The PRC,                       Information technology,       RMB10,000,000      100%                –
          Technology Co., Ltd.                 17 November 2025,               the PRC
                                               Limited Liability Company




222   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




38   SUBSIDIARIES AND CONTROLLED STRUCTURED ENTITY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                  Effective interest
                                               Place and date                                                   Particulars of        held as at
                                               of incorporation and kind      Principal activities and         issued/paid-in       31 December
         Name of entity                        of legal entity                place of operation                       capital      2025          2024


         X Portal Technology PTE. LTD.         Singapore,                     Information technology,            SGD100,000        100%                –
                                                 3 December 2025,                Singapore
                                                 Private Trading Enterprise
                                                 Limited

         Shanghai Wuxianxingtu Technology      The PRC,                       Information technology,            RMB100,000        100%                –
           Co., Ltd.#                            8 December 2025,                the PRC
                                                 Limited Liability Company

         Dalian Rongxin Financing              The PRC,                       Financial services,           RMB1,475,000,000       100%           100%
           Guarantee Co., Ltd.                   6 June 2016,                   the PRC
                                                 Limited Liability Company

         Beijing Xulu Information Technology   The PRC,                       Advertising and                 RMB50,000,000        100%           100%
           Co., Ltd. (formerly known as          9 January 2015,                subscription services,
           Beijing Yixin Information             Limited Liability Company      the PRC
           Technology Co., Ltd.) ^ #


     Remarks:

     #          Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprises under PRC law

     *          Registered as sino-foreign equity joint venture under PRC law

     ^          Controlled by the contractual arrangements entered into by the Company and Tianjin Jushen Information Technology Co., Ltd.,
                Shenzhen Tencent Industry Investment Fund Co., Ltd. and Beijing Jiasheng Investment Management Co., Ltd. on 4 October, 2018
                (the “New Contractual Arrangements”).




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED    223
FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS

                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                   2021         2022       2023       2024             2025
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000


 Revenue                                        3,494,344    5,201,508    6,685,971    9,887,733   11,559,948
 Gross profit                                   1,778,341    2,888,371    3,247,148    4,636,271    6,461,471
 Profit/(Loss) for the year                        28,953      370,814      554,958      809,938    1,198,566
 Adjusted net profit/(loss) (unaudited)           273,219      688,338      910,050    1,078,804    1,432,190


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                   2021         2022        2023     2024              2025
                                                RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000   RMB’000           RMB’000


 Assets
 Non-current assets                            12,639,925   15,312,176   22,308,843   25,641,264   28,935,493
 Current assets                                14,897,268   16,852,216   21,266,259   22,949,977   25,425,950


 Total assets                                  27,537,193   32,164,392   43,575,102   48,591,241   54,361,443


 Equity and liabilities
 Equity attributable to owners of
   the Company                                 14,642,211   15,326,213   15,765,170   16,480,133   16,953,921
 Non-controlling interests                              –            –            –            –         (127)


 Total equity                                  14,642,211   15,326,213   15,765,170   16,480,133   16,953,794


 Liabilities
 Non-current liabilities                        4,531,978    5,721,829   11,819,515   13,805,334   15,322,002
 Current liabilities                            8,363,004   11,116,350   15,990,417   18,305,774   22,085,647


 Total liabilities                             12,894,982   16,838,179   27,809,932   32,111,108   37,407,649


 Total equity and liabilities                  27,537,193   32,164,392   43,575,102   48,591,241   54,361,443


 Earnings/(Loss) per share
   – Basic (RMB per share)                          0.005        0.058        0.086        0.125        0.178
   – Diluted (RMB per share)                        0.004        0.056        0.083        0.120        0.174
 Dividend per share
   – Final (HK cents per share)                      N/A          1.95         3.00         6.50        10.00
   – Special (HK cents per share)                    N/A          1.30          N/A         6.50         4.00




224   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                           DEFINITIONS

“2024 Director Conditional   the proposed conditional grant of 117,000,000 Share Options to Mr. Andy
  Grant to Mr. Zhang”        Xuan Zhang under the 2024 Share Scheme as detailed in the circular of the
                             Company dated June 11, 2024

“2024 Share Scheme”          the share scheme of the Company approved by the Shareholders at
                             the extraordinary general meeting of the Company on June 27, 2024, a
                             summary of the principal terms of which is set out in Appendix I to the
                             circular of the Company dated June 11, 2024

“2024 Share Scheme Listing   the approval granted by the Listing Committee for the listing of, and
  Approval”                  permission to deal in the Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the
                             share options and share awards granted under the 2024 Share Scheme on
                             July 9, 2024

“2025 Conditional Grant to   the proposed conditional grant of 25,800,000 Share Options and
  Mr. Gao”                   17,200,000 share awards to Mr. Zhi Gao under the 2024 Share Scheme as
                             detailed in the circular of the Company dated April 17, 2025

“2025 Director Conditional   the proposed conditional grant of 101,363,921 Share Options and
  Grant to Mr. Zhang”        67,575,947 share awards to Mr. Andy Xuan Zhang under the 2024 Share
                             Scheme as detailed in the circular of the Company dated April 17, 2025

“affiliate(s)”               any company that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is
                             under common control of the company in question, provided that control
                             shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or
                             cause the direction of the management of a company, whether through the
                             ownership of voting securities, by contract, credit arrangement or proxy, as
                             trustee, executor, agent or otherwise, and accordingly, for the purpose of
                             the definition of affiliate(s), a company shall be deemed to control another
                             company if such first company, directly or indirectly, owns or holds more
                             than 50% of the voting equity securities in such other company, and terms
                             deriving from control, such as “controlling” and “controlled”, shall have a
                             meaning corollary to that of control

“AI”                         artificial intelligence

“Annual General Meeting”     the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on Thursday, April
                             23, 2026

“Articles of Association”    the articles of association of the Company currently in force

“associate(s)”               has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”            the audit committee of the Company

“Auditor”                    PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditor of the Company




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   225
DEFINITIONS




“Beijing Bitauto Interactive”                  Beijing Bitauto Interactive Advertising Co., Ltd.* (北京易車互動廣告有限公
                                               司), a company established under the laws of the PRC and a subsidiary of
                                               Tencent

“Beijing Bitcar Interactive”                   Beijing Bitcar Interactive Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京易卡互動信
                                               息技術有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC and a
                                               subsidiary of Tencent

“Beijing KKC”                                  Beijing KKC Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京看看車科技有限公司), a company
                                               established under the laws of the PRC on July 10, 2014 and our wholly-
                                               owned subsidiary

“Beijing Tencent Cloud”                        Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* (騰訊雲計算(北京)有限責任公
                                               司), a limited liability company established in the PRC and a PRC operating
                                               entity of Tencent, the financial results of which have been consolidated and
                                               accounted for by Tencent as a controlled structured entity of Tencent by
                                               virtue of a series of contractual arrangements

“Beijing Xulu”                                 Beijing Xulu Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京序祿信息科技有限公司),
                                               formerly known as Beijing Yixin Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京易
                                               鑫信息科技有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC
                                               on January 9, 2015 and the Consolidated Affiliated Entity

“Bitauto”                                      Bitauto Holdings Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
                                               the Cayman Islands on October 21, 2005 and previously listed on the
                                               NYSE (NYSE: BITA), a controlling Shareholder of the Company until the
                                               distribution in specie of all of the Shares held directly or indirectly by it to
                                               its shareholder on March 5, 2021

“Board”                                        the board of Directors

“Capitalization Issue”                         the issue of 4,626,550,692 Shares on the Listing Date to be made upon
                                               the capitalization of part of the sum standing to the credit of the share
                                               premium account of our Company, details of which are set out in the
                                               section headed “History and Corporate Structure – The Capitalization
                                               Issue” of the Prospectus

“Cayman Companies Law”                         the Companies Law, Cap 22 (Law 3 of 1961) of the Cayman Islands, as
                                               amended or supplemented from time to time

“Certain Qualification                         a number of stringent performance and operational experience
  Requirements”                                requirements, including demonstrating good track records and experience
                                               in operating value-added telecommunications business overseas

“CG Code”                                      the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing
                                               Rules

“China” or “PRC”                               the People’s Republic of China and, except where the context requires and
                                               only for the purpose of this annual report, excludes Hong Kong, the Macau
                                               Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan

“close associate(s)”                           has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules



226   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                                   DEFINITIONS




“Company”, “our Company”, or       Y i x i n G r o u p L i m i t e d ( 易鑫集团有限公司 ) , a n e x e m p t e d c o m p a n y
  “Yixin”                          incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability
                                   on November 19, 2014 and carries on business in Hong Kong as Yixin
                                   Automotive Technology Group Limited, the Shares of which are listed on
                                   the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2858)

“Company Secretary”                the company secretary of the Company

“Company’s Securities              the Company’s own code of conduct for securities transactions regarding
  Dealing Code”                    the Directors’ and relevant employees’ dealings in the securities of the
                                   Company on terms no less exacting than those set out in the Model Code

“connected person(s)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Consolidated Affiliated Entity”   the entity that the Company controls through the New Contractual
                                   Arrangements, namely Beijing Xulu

“Contractual Arrangements”         the series of contractual arrangements entered into by, among others,
                                   Beijing KKC, Beijing Xulu and its shareholders, details of which are
                                   described in the section headed “Report of the Directors – Continuing
                                   Connected Transactions – New Contractual Arrangements”

“Controlling Shareholder(s)”       has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and, in the context
                                   of this annual report, refers to Tencent and Morespark and each of them
                                   shall be referred to as a Controlling Shareholder

“CSRC”                             the China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Director(s)”                      the director(s) of the Company

“Eligible Participant(s)”          an eligible participant under the 2024 Share Scheme, which may be an
                                   Employee Participant or a Related Entity Participant

“Eligible Person(s)”               any individual, being an employee, director (including executive Directors,
                                   non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors), officer,
                                   consultant, advisor, distributor, contractor, customer, supplier, agent,
                                   business partner, joint venture business partner or service provider of
                                   any member of the Group or any affiliate who the Board or its delegate(s)
                                   considers, in its sole discretion, to have contributed or will contribute to the
                                   Group

“Employee Participant(s)”          any person who is an employee (whether full-time or part-time), director
                                   or officer of any member of the Group, including persons who are granted
                                   awards under the 2024 Share Scheme as an inducement to enter into
                                   employment contracts with any member of the Group; provided that a
                                   person shall not cease to be an employee in the case of (a) any leave of
                                   absence approved by the relevant member of the Group; or (b) any transfer
                                   of employment among members of the Group or any successor, and
                                   provided further that a person shall, for the avoidance of doubt, cease to
                                   be an employee with effect from (and including) the date of termination of
                                   his/her employment


                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   227
DEFINITIONS




“ESG”                                            Environmental, Social and Governance

“ESG Committee”                                  the ESG committee of the Company

“FinTech”                                        financial technology

“First Share Award Scheme”                       the share award scheme of the Company, which was adopted on May
                                                 26, 2017 and amended on September 1, 2017 and May 6, 2021 and
                                                 terminated on July 9, 2024, further details of which are disclosed in the
                                                 section headed “Statutory and General Information – Pre-IPO Share Option
                                                 and Share Award Schemes – First Share Award Scheme” in Appendix IV to
                                                 the Prospectus and in the circular of the Company dated June 11, 2024

“FITE Regulations”                               the Provisions on Administration of Foreign Invested Telecommunications
                                                 Enterprises (《外商投資電信企業管理規定》) promulgated by the State
                                                 Council on December 11, 2001 and amended on September 10, 2008
                                                 and February 6, 2016, which stipulates that the ultimate foreign equity
                                                 ownership in a value-added telecommunications services provider shall not
                                                 exceed 50%, except for online data processing and transaction processing
                                                 businesses (operating e-commerce business) which may be 100% owned
                                                 by foreign investors

“GPS”                                            global positioning system

“Group”, “our Group”,                            the Company, its subsidiaries and the Consolidated Affiliated Entity (the
  “Yixin Group”, “we”,                           financial results of which have been consolidated and accounted for as a
  “us”, or “our”                                 subsidiary of our Company by virtue of the New Contractual Arrangements)
                                                 from time to time

“HKICPA”                                         the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants

“HK$”                                            Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                                      the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Companies                             the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
  Ordinance”                                     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Hong Kong Share Registrar”                      Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited

“IFRSs”                                          International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time by
                                                 the International Accounting Standards Board

“IPO”                                            initial public offering of the Shares on the Main Board

“Listing”                                        the listing of the Shares on the Main Board




228     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                             DEFINITIONS




“Listing Committee”              the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange

“Listing Date”                   November 16, 2017, being the date the Shares were listed on the Stock
                                 Exchange

“Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
                                 Hong Kong Limited (as amended from time to time)

“Main Board”                     the stock market (excluding the options market) operated by the Stock
                                 Exchange which is independent from and operates in parallel with the GEM
                                 of the Stock Exchange

“Measures”                       the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (       ) issued by the
                                                                      《網絡安全審查辦法》
                                 Cyberspace Administration of China

“Memorandum and Articles of      the memorandum and articles of association of the Company currently in
  Association”                   force

“MIIT”                           the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC

“Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                 set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

“Morespark”                      Morespark Limited, a private company limited by shares incorporated under
                                 the laws of Hong Kong and wholly-owned by Tencent, and a Controlling
                                 Shareholder

“NEV”                            new energy vehicle

“New Contractual Arrangements”   the series of contractual arrangements entered into by, among others,
                                 Tianjin Kars, Beijing Xulu and its shareholders, details of which are
                                 described in the section headed “Report of the Directors – Continuing
                                 Connected Transactions – New Contractual Arrangements”

“Nomination Committee”           the nomination committee of the Company

“NYSE”                           the New York Stock Exchange

“OEM(s)”                         the original equipment manufacturer(s)

“Opinions”                       the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities (
                                                                                                        《關
                                 於依法從嚴打擊證券違法活動的意見》                   )

“PRC Legal Advisor”              Han Kun Law Offices, the PRC legal adviser to the Company

“Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”    the pre-IPO share option scheme adopted by our Company on May 26,
                                 2017, and amended on September 1, 2017, the principal terms of which
                                 are set out in the section headed “Statutory and General Information –
                                 Pre-IPO Share Option and Share Award Schemes – Pre-IPO Share Option
                                 Scheme” of the Prospectus




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   229
DEFINITIONS




“Prospectus”                                   the prospectus of the Company dated November 6, 2017

“PwC”                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers, the Group’s auditor

“Related Entity”                               (i) a holding company of the Company; (ii) subsidiaries of the holding
                                               company of the Company other than members of the Group; or (iii) an
                                               associated company of the Company

“Related Entity Participant(s)”                any person who is an employee (whether full-time or part-time), director or
                                               officer of a Related Entity

“Remuneration Committee”                       the remuneration committee of the Company

“Reporting Period”                             the year ended December 31, 2025

“RMB”                                          Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

“SaaS”                                         software-as-a-service

“Scheme Administrator”                         the Board and/or any committee of the Board or other persons to whom
                                               the Board has delegated its authority in accordance with the rules of the
                                               2024 Share Scheme

“Second Share Award Scheme”                    the share award scheme conditionally approved and adopted by our
                                               Company on September 1, 2017 and effective from the Listing Date, the
                                               principal terms of which are set out in the section headed “Statutory and
                                               General Information – Pre-IPO Share Option and Share Award Schemes” of
                                               the Prospectus

“SFO”                                          the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                               Kong), as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Shanghai Changtu” or                          Shanghai Changtu Financing Lease Co., Ltd.* (上海暢途融資租賃有限公司)
  “Shanghai Yixin”                             (formerly known as Shanghai Yixin Financing Lease Co., Ltd.* (上海易鑫融
                                               資租賃有限公司)), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                                               limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Share(s)”                                     ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with a par value of
                                               US$0.0001

“Share Option”                                 an award granted in the form of share option under the 2024 Share
                                               Scheme by the Board to the grantee(s), which vests in the form of the right
                                               to subscribe for such number of Shares as the Scheme Administrator may
                                               determine during the exercise period at the exercise price in accordance
                                               with the terms of the 2024 Share Scheme

“Shareholder(s)”                               holder(s) of Share(s) from time to time

“Shareholders’ Communication                   the shareholders’ communication policy of the Company
  Policy”

“Singapore Tencent Cloud”                      Tencent Cloud International Pte. Ltd., a limited company incorporated
                                               under the laws of Singapore and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent


230   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
                                                                                            DEFINITIONS




“State Council”                the State Council of the PRC

“Stock Exchange” or            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”

“subsidiary(ies)”              has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Substantial Shareholder”      has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Tencent”                      Tencent Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands
                               and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 700),
                               and a Controlling Shareholder

“Tencent Computer”             Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Company Limited* (深圳市騰訊計算
                               機系統有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with
                               limited liability and a subsidiary of Tencent

“Tianjin Hengtong”             Tianjin Hengtong Jiahe Financing Lease Co., Ltd.* (天津恒通嘉合融資租賃
                               有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                               liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Tianjin Kars”                 Tianjin Kars Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (天津卡爾斯信息科技有限
                               公司), a wholly foreign-owned enterprise established under the laws of the
                               PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“United States” or “US”        the United States of America, its territories, possessions and all areas
                               subject to its jurisdiction

“US$” or “USD”                 United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“VIN”                          vehicle identification number

“X Star”                       X Star Technology Pte. Ltd, a company incorporated under the laws of
                               Singapore with limited liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
                               the Company

“Xinche Investment”            Xinche Investment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (鑫車投資(上海)有限公司), a
                               company established under the laws of the PRC with limited liability and an
                               indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Xinjiang Wanhong”             Xinjiang Wanhong Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (新疆萬鴻信息科技
                               有限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                               liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Xinjiang Wanxing”             Xinjiang Wanxing Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (新疆萬興信息科技有
                               限公司), a company established under the laws of the PRC with limited
                               liability and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Yiche Holding”                Yiche Holding Limited, an exempted company incorporated under the laws
                               of the Cayman Islands with limited liability, which is owned as to 75.54%
                               by Morespark




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED   231
DEFINITIONS




“Yixin HK”                                     Yixin Holding Hong Kong Limited (易鑫集團香港有限公司), a company
                                               incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong on November 27, 2014 and a
                                               direct wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

“Yusheng”                                      Yusheng Holdings Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the
                                               Cayman Islands with limited liability

“%”                                            per cent

* for identification purposes only

The English names of the PRC entities, PRC laws or regulations, and the PRC governmental authorities referred to
in this annual report are translations from their Chinese names and are for identification purposes. If there is any
inconsistency, the Chinese names shall prevail.

Certain amounts and percentage figures included in this annual report have been subject to rounding adjustments.
Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures preceding
them and figures rounded to the nearest thousand, million or billion may not be identical to figures that have been
rounded differently to them.

Past Performance and Forward Looking Statements

The operating and financial performance information of the Group set out in this annual report is historical in nature,
and past performance should not be taken as an indication of the future results of the Group. This annual report
may contain forward-looking statements and opinions, including statements regarding plans, objectives, goals,
strategies, future events or performance, and other statements that are not historical facts, and therefore involve
inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-
looking statements and opinions. The Directors assume (a) no obligation to correct, update or supplement the
forward-looking statements or opinions contained in this annual report; and (b) no liability in the event that any of
the forward-looking statements or opinions do not materialise or turn out to be incorrect. Investors should not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.




232   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 YIXIN GROUP LIMITED
www.yixincars.com




               The image on this cover was generated by artificial intelligence
                                              using text-to-image prompting.
