Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
take no responsibility for the contents of this announcement, make no representation as to its
accuracy or completeness and expressly disclaim any liability whatsoever for any loss
howsoever arising from or in reliance upon the whole or any part of the contents of this
announcement.




                       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                             遠大醫藥集團有限公司*
                         (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                     (Stock Code: 00512)

         SUPPLEMENTAL ANNOUNCEMENT IN RELATION TO
                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Reference is made to the annual report of Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the
“Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the ‘‘Group’’) for the year 2023 (the ‘‘Annual
Report’’). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used in this announcement
shall have the same meanings as those defined in the Annual Report.

In addition to the information provided in the Annual Report, the board of directors (the
“Board”) would like to provide the following supplementary information to the Annual
Report, and the Annual Report shall be read in conjunction with the information below.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The details of the Scheme were referred to the Company’s announcement issued on 1 September
2021 in the Annual Report. In accordance with the Listing rules 17.09, the Board would like to
provide the following information:

PURPOSE OF THE SCHEME

The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise the contributions of the Selected Participants and
provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation, growth and
development of the Group.

DURATION

Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme
Rules, the Scheme shall be valid and effective for the Scheme Period, i.e. a term of 10 years
commencing on the Effective Date. As at 31 December 2023, the remaining life of the
Scheme is approximately 7.5 years.




                                               -1-
The above supplementary information does not affect other information contained in the
Annual Report. Save as disclosed above, all other information in the Annual Report remains
unchanged.



                                                         By order of the Board
                                                  Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                               Chairman
                                                           Dr. Tang Weikun

Hong Kong, 5 July 2024

As at the date of this announcement, the Board comprises three executive directors, namely,
Dr. Tang Weikun, Mr. Zhou Chao and Mr. Yang Guang, and four independent non-executive
directors, namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Dr. Xing Li Na, Dr. Pei Geng and Mr. Hu Yebi.

* For identification purpose only




                                            -2-
