    2025
INTERIM REPORT
                                     CONTENTS

Corporate Information                       2

Letter to Shareholders                      3

Corporate Profile                           7

Financial Summary                          15

Management Discussion and Analysis         16

Other Information                          62
Corporate Information



EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                       AUDITORS
Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Mr. Zhou Chao (CEO)                       Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Yang Guang
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                  LEGAL ADVISERS

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                 As to Bermuda Law:
DIRECTORS                                 Conyers & Dill Pearman

Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                   As to Hong Kong Law:
Dr. Xing Li Na
                                          Loeb & Loeb LLP
Dr. Pei Geng
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                          PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
COMPANY SECRETARY                         Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                 Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                          Hamilton HM11
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                Bermuda

Dr. Tang Weikun                           HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                 REGISTRAR
AUDIT COMMITTEE                           Computershare Hong Kong Investor
                                            Services Limited
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
                                          Shops 1712–1716, Hopewell Centre
Dr. Pei Geng
                                          183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Xing Li Na
                                          PRINCIPAL BANKERS
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                    HSBC
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)      Bank of China
Dr. Tang Weikun                           Bank of Communications
Mr. Hu Yebi
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                  REGISTERED OFFICE
                                          Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                          Hamilton HM11, Bermuda
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
Mr. Zhou Chao (CEO)                       PRINCIPAL OFFICE
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                          Units 3302, The Center
WEBSITE                                   99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong

www.grandpharm.com

2    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                           Letter to Shareholders



INDUSTRY REVIEW
Currently, China’s pharmaceutical industry is undergoing a period of transformation and progress.
Under policy guidance, the industry structure is continuing to optimize and adjust, with some
traditional industries facing a restructuring of their pricing systems. This places higher demands on
companies in terms of product structure, cost control, and operational efficiency. At the same time,
policies clearly encourage genuine innovation, and innovative systems such as the commercial
health insurance innovative drug directory are expected to open up broader development
opportunities for innovative drugs.

BUSINESS SUMMARY
In the complex and ever-changing landscape of the industry, Grand Pharma has steadily risen over
the past decade, focusing on innovation and upgrading. It has evolved from a newcomer in
innovation to a pillar of the industry, and now stands as a leader in its niche market. This
achievement has not come easily, and we are pleased to see that the long-standing strategy of
‘comprehensive advantages, innovation-driven, and global expansion’ has not only served as the
“anchor” for business fundamentals in the first half of the year but has also transformed into a
‘driving force’ for sustainable development. Today, the breadth of its product pipeline, the depth of
its industrial layout, and the effectiveness of its innovative business all indicate that Grand
Pharmaceutical has grown into one of China’s most advantageous comprehensive innovative
pharmaceutical companies.

The Company’s strengths are concentrated in its product pipeline. Over the years, Grand
Pharmaceutical has promoted pipeline renewal across diverse business segments through self-
research and acquisitions, providing new support for performance growth. Over the past five years,
the Company’s revenue has achieved an annual compound growth rate of 12.1%. In the first half of
this year, the Group faced tremendous pressure and challenges in terms of performance due to the
impact of centralized procurement price reductions. However, after six months of steady
operations, the Group still achieved positive revenue growth. Meanwhile, the Group insisted on
innovation-driven development and product structure optimization, with innovative and barrier
products accounting for approximately 51.0% of the Group’s total revenue, an increase of 14.9
percentage points year-on-year. A series of products such as YiGanTai®, LavaTM, Enerzair®
Breezhaler®, Atectura® Breezhaler®, Nengqilang®, Herbesser® (合 心 爽®╱合 貝 爽®), and other
innovative and barrier products have achieved rapid growth in volume. The normalized profit only
declined slightly due to the impact of price reductions in centralized procurement and the
increase in marketing expenses brought about by the accelerated sales of new products. The
Group’s innovative achievements have emerged at an accelerated pace, global expansion has
proceeded with determination, operating performance has achieved high-quality sustainable
growth, and development resilience has continued to increase, demonstrating the Company’s
strong strategic execution and risk resistance capabilities.



                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   3
Letter to Shareholders



Meanwhile, a diverse and differentiated pipeline is establishing the Group’s leading position in
niche markets and will serve as an important safeguard against industry volatility. In the nuclear
medicine anti-tumor diagnostics and therapy segment, Grand Pharmaceutical possesses the
world’s most comprehensive product portfolio with leading clinical progress in China, and is one
of only four pharmaceutical companies globally to have successfully commercialized nuclear
medicine products on a global scale. In the first half of the year, products such as YiGanTai®
Yttrium-90 microsphere injection and the liquid embolization agent LavaTM achieved significant
growth, driving a doubling of revenue in this segment. In the cardiovascular emergency treatment
segment, flagship products such as Nengqilang® (coenzyme Q10 tablets) continue to lead their
respective markets, benefiting from the successful commercialization of products like Herbesser®
(合心爽®╱合貝爽®). These developments drove substantial year-on-year growth in the first half
of the year for Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (formerly Tianjin Tanabe Pharmaceutical Co.,
Ltd.), which was acquired last year, compared to pre-merger levels. In the respiratory and critical
care sector, products such as Enerzair® Breezhaler®, Atectura® Breezhaler®, and budesonide nasal
spray are synergistically driving growth, providing a reliable growth engine for the Group. The
ophthalmology segment includes innovative ophthalmic products such as GPN01768 (TP-03,
Lotilanar eye drops, 0.25%) and Varenicline tartrate nasal spray (OC-01), which have been launched
in regional markets, further enhancing the growth momentum of this segment.

Innovation is the core driver for the future. The Group maintains a high level of R&D investment
and has established eight R&D platforms covering three major countries or regions globally,
spanning cutting-edge fields such as nuclear medicine, high-end medical devices, glycomics, and
mRNA. The innovation pipeline is blooming in stages, spanning the entire “early R&D – clinical
development – regulatory submission” throughout the entire R&D process. Additionally, R&D
projects have expanded from China to global mainstream markets such as the United States,
Australia, and Europe, fully establishing a global value realization pathway for innovative drugs.

Innovation, step by step, has coalesced into a powerful driving force propelling Grand
Pharmaceutical forward. This not only endows our Group with a cutting-edge industrial
technology perspective and the capability to deeply advance innovative business initiatives but
also enables us to create breakthrough First-In-Class innovations with global significance, achieving
a technological leap from follower to leader. This lays a solid business foundation for our Group to
independently advance into global markets. The disruptive innovative drug STC3141, which
addresses the gap in causative treatment for sepsis, has made significant progress, having
completed animal model studies as well as Phase II clinical trials overseas and in China. It now has
the foundation to conduct pivotal registration clinical trials globally. This product may serve as a
litmus test for the Group’s globalization strategy for innovative products. Its global development
strategy is progressing steadily, and the Group is actively exploring various efficient forms of global
collaboration to accelerate the product’s commercialization and benefit global patients more
quickly.



4    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                           Letter to Shareholders



Especially in the field of nuclear medicine, the Group has a significant innovative advantage,
granting it the capability to compete globally. The Group’s marketed nuclear medicine products
have achieved explosive growth in both domestic and overseas markets. YiGanTai® Yttrium-90
microsphere injection has doubled its domestic revenue, while the liquid embolization agent
LavaTM has rapidly increased its overseas sales volume, successfully establishing overseas sales
channels; Self-developed innovative nuclear medicine products adhere to a ‘dual filing in China
and the US’ strategy, with products such as TLX591 and ITM-11 participating in international multi-
center Phase III clinical trials. The self-developed product GPN02006 has achieved breakthrough
clinical results and been presented at international conferences; YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere
injection has been approved for an additional indication for HCC, becoming the first and only
selective internal radiation therapy product globally approved by the FDA for both unresectable
HCC and liver metastases from colorectal cancer. This validates the Group’s clinical research
capabilities both domestically and internationally and further solidifies Grand Pharmaceutical’s
position as a global leader in nuclear medicine. Meanwhile, the deepened layout of global
production bases will provide production capacity support for global development. In the first half
of the year, the Group’s first global nuclear medicine full-industry-chain closed-loop platform was
established and put into operation, and it secured the exclusive agency rights in China for the
world-leading pharmaceutical-grade germanium-68/gallium-68 (68Ge/68Ga) generators, thereby
controlling global quality standards from the production source.

PROSPECT
Whether in terms of the advancement of our innovative pipeline or our global product and
industry presence, Grand Pharmaceutical is now not only fully prepared for its global expansion
but has already embarked on the journey. Climbing high and looking far ahead, standing at a new
height, we will deeply implement the “global expansion” strategy within our “comprehensive
advantages, innovation leadership, and global expansion” strategy, becoming a leader in the global
expansion of Chinese pharmaceutical companies and a key figure in defining the global
pharmaceutical innovation landscape. We will actively participate in global competition and
establish a golden image for “Made in China with Intelligence” going global.

Facing challenges head-on, we will strive to break through and pursue greater opportunities. We
prefer the long-term benefits of accumulated industry experience over short-term explosive
growth. The Group will continue to advance research and development to ensure the rapid
development of its core pipeline. In particular, the Group will actively advance the development of
STC3141, a high-potential blockbuster product with a market value of tens of billions of yuan, so
that its innovative discoveries can benefit patients as soon as possible. At the same time, the Group
will continue to hone its technological capabilities and incubate independently developed nuclear
medicine products such as GPN02006, providing a diversified innovative pipeline with more robust
long-term growth momentum.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   5
Letter to Shareholders



We will forge our global strength with a groundbreaking spirit. The Group will continue to explore
differentiated, high-quality products through various means, including independent innovation
and mergers and acquisitions, to explore unique offerings. We will firmly enhance the product and
industry layout of each business segment, striving to become a comprehensive enterprise with
significant advantages in its niche segments. In the nuclear medicine anti-oncology diagnostics
and treatment segment, the Group has established a solid industrial and product foundation and is
poised to take off in the broader global market. In the respiratory and critical care fields, the Group
has established a leading nasal spray platform and will resolutely advance the global clinical
development of its innovative products. In the cardiovascular emergency care field, the Group will
further integrate existing resources to unlock the commercial potential of products such as
Herbesser. In ophthalmology, the Group will focus on newly launched products such as OC-01 to
deliver on commercial expectations.

We will boldly expand our market boundaries with outward expansion. “dual filing in China and
the US” is just the beginning. Building on its existing global R&D, production, and sales presence,
the Group will resolutely pursue a “Go Global” approach to build its own global pharmaceutical
brand. Holding global rights to multiple products, including YiGanTai® and STC3141, Grand
Pharmaceuticals will leverage its overseas clinical research and sales experience to independently
conduct international multi-center clinical trials. It will also explore diverse international
collaborations to connect with established market channels, increase the global market
penetration and impact of its products, and ensure that the Group’s innovative achievements truly
benefit patients worldwide.

“Travel the world, with health as the most important priority.” We firmly believe that while cultures
may differ, the pursuit of health is shared. The Group will advance its globalization strategy from a
higher position, continue to use innovative R&D as its core engine, and rely on a high-quality
product matrix to continuously enhance its global resource integration capabilities and clinical
value creation capabilities, deepen its global market layout, and strive to become a global
pharmaceutical company capable of competing with top international multinational
pharmaceutical companies, bringing more hope for life and health to patients around the world.

We are grateful for the trust and support of every shareholder and thank every partner for their
companionship and dedication. In the future, we will deliver superior operational results, tangible
innovative breakthroughs, and a stable growth trajectory to repay every expectation and
entrustment.




6    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                                    Corporate Profile



GROUP POSITIONING
The Group is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. Its core
businesses cover three major areas, namely nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment
and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment technology,
pharmaceutical technology and biotechnology. Based on the pharmaceutical and biological
industries, the Group focuses on the needs of patients, and take technological innovation as the
driving force. In response to the unmet clinical needs, the Group will increase its investment in
global innovative products and advanced technologies, enrich and improve its product pipelines,
consolidate and strengthen its industrial chain layout, and fully leverage the Group’s industrial
strengths and R&D capabilities to provide more advanced and diverse treatment solutions to
patients worldwide.

With unremitting efforts in recent years, the Group has laid a more solid foundation for
development, consolidated its operation scale, gradually optimized its business structure,
continued to improve its operation mode, accelerated its pace of transformation and upgrading,
and made various achievements in innovative layout. The Group’s profitability continues to
improve and help facilitate R&D and innovation; its good ability in mergers and acquisitions and
integration continues to consolidate the scale of development; the integration of raw materials
and preparations improves the structure of the industrial chain; and the diversification of business
and entities has effectively enhanced the comprehensive advantages.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and strategic planning”, the Group will stick with the
development concept of “comprehensive strengths, innovation leading and global expansion” and
the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of independent R&D, global expansion and dual-
cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international cycles that
synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical
company of technological innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and
making significant contribution to the society.




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   7
Corporate Profile



RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




    133                                                            38                 8                         5
                                Approximately
            Projects
    under research        HK$  1.02          billion
                                R&D and project
                                                         Achieving
                                                       significant milestones     R&D centers              R&D platforms

                                  investment




                                            Overview of 133 R&D projects


                                                                                 Generic drug projects
                                                                                        and others, 91
                   Innovation                                                                    68%
                   projects, 42
                   32%




                                 Overview of 42 innovative projects by areas

                   Others, 2
                   5%                                                                Nuclear medicine
                                                                                  anti-tumor diagnosis
                                                                                    and treatment, 17
                   Otorhinolaryngology, 7                                                        40%
                   17%
                                                                                               Cerebro-
                                                                                          cardiovascular
                   Cerebro-cardiovascular                                                      precision
                                                                                          interventional
                   emergency, 2                                                           diagnosis and
                   5%                                                                       treatment, 8
                                                                                                   19%
                                                                                Respiratory and critical
                                                                                 and severe diseases, 6
                                                                                                  14%



8    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Profile



INNOVATIVE PRODUCT PIPELINE STRATEGY
                                                                                                                                                                                         R&D progress
         Field                     Sector                          Direction                           Product                  Indication                        IND/Model                                            NDA/
                                                                                                                                                    Preclinical                Phase I     Phase II     Phase III                Commercialization
                                                                                                                                                                  Inspection                                        Registration
                                                                                                 GPN00153（CBT-001）              Pterygium
                                                                                                      GPN00833              Eye inflammation
                                                                                                                          Demodectic blepharitis

                                    ENT                         Ophthalmology                                               Meibomian gland
                                                                                                        TP-03
                                                                                                                          dysfunction associated
                                                                                                                              with demodex
    Pharmaceutical
     Technology                                                                                                           Myopia prevention and
                                                                                                      GPN00884
                                                                                                                                 control
                           Respiratory and critical               Respiratory                           Ryaltris              Allergic rhinitis
                                    and
                                                          Critical and severe diseases                 STC3141                     Sepsis
                               severe disease
                                                                                                                           HPV16 positive solid
                              mRNA platform                             Tumor                        ARC01 (A002)
                                                                                                                                 tumor
                                                                                                   Y-90 microsphere
                                                                                                                          Primary hepatic cancer
                                                                                                       injection
                                                                                                                              Hypervascular
                                                                                                Thermosensitive embolic
                                                                                                                              parenchymal
                                                                                                        agent
                                                                                                                              organs tumor
                                                           Interventional treatment
                                                                                                                          Cerebral arteriovenous
                                                                                                         Kona
                                                                                                                              malformation
                                                                                                       AuroLase              Prostate cancer
                                                                                                        YouHu                Prostate cancer
                                                                                                      YouAi MRD            Urothelial carcinoma
                                                                                                      TLX591
                                                                                                                             Prostate cancer
                                                                                                （177Lu-rosapatumab）
                                                                                                    TLX591-CDx               Prostate cancer -
                           Nuclear medicine and                                                   （68Ga-PSMA-11）                diagnosis
                           anti-tumor diagnosis                                                        TLX250               Clear cell renal cell
                              and treatment                                                     （177Lu-girentuximab）            carcinoma
Technologies on nuclear
medicine and anti-tumor                                                                             TLX250-CDx             Clear cell renal cell
     diagnosis and                                                                              （89Zr-girentuximab）       carcinoma - diagnosis
  treatment as well as                                                                                TLX101
                                                                                                                               Glioblastoma
 cerebrocardiovascular                                Radionuclide-drug conjugate (RDC)              （131I-IPA）
precision interventional                                                                                                  Gastroenteropancreatic
diagnosis and treatment                                                                                TOCscan®           neuroendocrine tumor
                                                                                                                                - diagnosis
                                                                                                                          Gastroenteropancreatic
                                                                                                        ITM-11
                                                                                                                          neuroendocrine tumor
                                                                                                                          Malignant tumor bone
                                                                                                        ITM-41
                                                                                                                               metastases
                                                                                                                              Hepatocellular
                                                                                                      GPN02006
                                                                                                                          carcinoma - diagnosis
                                                                                 Peripheral             aXess                  Hemodialysis
                                                                                  vascular                                  Peripheral vascular
                           Cerebrocardiovascular         Access                                       GPG03961
                                                                                intervention                                     disease
                                  precision            management
                                                                                Neurointer
                               interventional                                                         GPN01037             Intracranial stenosis
                                                                                 vention
                               diagnosis and
                                 treatment              Structural           Structural
                                                                                                        Saturn             Mitral regurgitation
                                                       heart disease        heart disease
                                                        Heart failure           Heart failure          CoRisma                 Heart failure




     Mainland China                                                Overseas




                                                                                                                                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025                                  9
Corporate Profile



MAJOR EVENTS
As of the date of this report, the Group’s major product development and corporate development
are as follows:

                    •    TLX591, a globally innovative radionuclide drug conjugate (“RDC”) for the
                         treatment of prostate cancer, submitted an application to the National
                         Medical Products Administration of the People's Republic of China
                         ("NMPA") for participation in an international, multi-center Phase III clinical
                         trial and received approval.

                    •    Varenicline tartrate nasal spray ("OC-01"), a first-in-class innovative product
                         for the treatment of dry eye disease, completed its first commercial
     July                prescriptions in mainland China following its official approval.

                    •    SIR-Spheres® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection, a globally innovative
                         radioactive product, received early approval from the U.S. Food and Drug
                         Administration ("FDA") for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular
                         carcinoma based on breakthrough interim results from the DOORwaY90
                         clinical trial.


                    •    The international multi-center Phase III clinical study of CBT-001
                         (GPN00153), an innovative and improved new drug for the treatment of
                         pterygium, in which China participated, has completed the enrollment and
     June                dosing of all patients.


                    •    GPN01768 (TP-03, Lotilanar eye drops, 0.25%), a globally innovative
                         ophthalmic drug for the treatment of Demodex blepharitis, has received
                         commercialization approval from the Pharmaceutical Administration
                         Bureau (“ISAF”) of the Macao Special Administrative Region of PRC.

                    •    The Group’s leading nuclear medicine R&D and production facility in
                         Wenjiang District, Chengdu, has received a Class A Radiation Safety
                         License from the Ministry of Ecology and Environment of the People’s
                         Republic of China.

                    •    The Phase III clinical study in China of TLX591-CDx, a globally innovative
     May                 RDC drug for the diagnosis of prostate cancer, has completed enrollment
                         and dosing of all patients.

                    •    TLX591, a globally innovative RDC drug for the treatment of prostate
                         cancer, has submitted an application to the Chinese NMPA for
                         participation in an international multi-center Phase III clinical trial and has
                         been accepted.

                    •    STC3141, a globally innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, has
                         successfully reached its clinical endpoint in a Phase II clinical study in PRC.

10   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                                Corporate Profile



          •   The first commercial prescription for YouAi®, a urological cancer early
              detection product, was issued in mainland China, marking the official entry
              into clinical use of the only approved early detection product for urothelial
              cancer using a dual mechanism of methylation and gene mutation in
              mainland China.

          •   The Group’s fluticasone propionate nasal spray for the treatment of allergic
              rhinitis received a drug registration certificate from the NMPA. This product
 April        is the first generic drug to be commercialized in China and has been
              included in the National Medical Insurance Catalogue and the National
              Essential Medicines Catalogue.

          •   The innovative RDC drug GPN02006 achieved groundbreaking clinical
              results in an investigator-initiated clinical study (IIT clinical study) in China
              for the diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”).


          •   The first patient was enrolled and dosed in the Phase III COMPOSE study of
              ITM-11, an innovative RDC drug, in PRC for the treatment of well-
              differentiated, aggressive Grade 2 and 3 somatostatin receptor-positive
March         (“SSTR+”) gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”).


          •   The first patient has been enrolled in a registrational study of GPN00289, a
              globally innovative temperature-sensitive embolic agent, for transarterial
January       chemoembolization of primary liver cancer in China.




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025   11
Corporate Profile



DEFINITIONS
During the period under review, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall
have the meanings set out below:

“AR”                                         Allergic Rhinitis

“APERTO® OTW”                                Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation
                                             Catheter

“ARDS”                                       Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome

“ccRCC”                                      Clear cell renal cell carcinoma

“COMPOSE study”                              Phase III clinical study of ITM-11 in China for the treatment of well-
                                             differentiated, aggressive Grade 2 and 3 somatostatin receptor-
                                             positive gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors

“COVID-19”                                   2019 novel coronavirus disease

“EMA”                                        European Medicines Agency

“FDA”                                        United States Food and Drug Administration

“GABA-Cl”                                    Gamma-aminobutyric acid-gated chloride channels

“GEP-NETs”                                   Gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors

“GPC-3”                                      Glypican 3

“Grand Pharma Sphere”                        Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited

“GSP 301 NS”                                 Ryaltris nasal spray

“HCC”                                        Hepatocellular carcinoma

“HPV-16”                                     Human papillomavirus type 16

“ICS”                                        Inhaled Glucocorticoid

“IIT clinical research”                      Investigator-initiated clinical research


12      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                               Corporate Profile



“IND”                      Investigational New Drug Applications

“ITM SE”                   ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE

“IVUS”                     Intravascular ultrasound

“LABA”                     Long-acting ß2 agonist

“LAMA”                     Long-acting muscarinic antagonist

“LEGFLOW® OTW”             Paclitaxel releasing peripheral balloon dilatation catheter

“LNP”                      Liposomal nanoparticles

“MR”                       Mineralocorticoid receptor

“MRA”                      Mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist

“mRNA”                     messenger RNA

“NDA”                      New drug application

“NMPA” or “Chinese NMPA”   National Medical Products Administration of the PRC

“Novasight”                Novasight Hybrid System

“Novasync”                 Novasync Hybrid System

“OC-01”                    Varenicline tartrate nasal spray

“OCT”                      Optical coherence tomography

“RDC”                      Radionuclide-drug conjugate

“RESTORE DEB®”             Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“Sirtex”                   Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd

“SSTR+”                    Somatostatin receptor positive




                                                                         INTERIM REPORT 2025   13
Corporate Profile



“Telix”                                    Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited

“ISAF”                                     Instituto para a Supervisão e Administração Farmacêutica
                                           (Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau) of the Macao Special
                                           Administrative Region of the PRC

“Greater Bay Area”                         The Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area

“Nanjing Fund”                             Nanjing Chuangyi Dongyin Equity Investment Partnership

“Nanjing Kainite”                          Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd.

“Qinghai Yixin”                            Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

“Shanghai Hongsheng”                       Shanghai Hongsheng Enterprise Management Partnership

“Tianjin Jingming”                         Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd.

“WMU”                                      WenZhou Medical University

“Xi’an Beilin”                             Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

“Xudong Haipu”                             Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited

“Grand Pharm (China)”                      Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in the
                                           PRC, being a subsidiary of the Company owned as to 99.84%




14    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                          Financial Summary



                                2022         2023         2024      1H2024        1H2025
                              HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000

Revenue                      9,562,285   10,529,590   11,644,892   6,047,236    6,107,323
Net profit attributable to
  the parent company         2,079,419    1,879,998    2,468,375   1,557,945    1,169,019




                                                                      INTERIM REPORT 2025   15
Management Discussion and Analysis



BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
During 2025 up to the date of this report, the Group had a total of 38 significant milestones,
including 16 innovative products, 13 generic products; 3 API products; 2 industrial layouts; and 4
major construction project. Meanwhile, the Group’s nuclear medicine anti-tumor segment’s
YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections and liquid embolization agent LavaTM, the respiratory
and critical and severe diseases segment’s Enerzair® Breezhaler®, Atectura® Breezhaler®, Budesonide
nasal spray and fluticasone propionate nasal spray, and the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency
segment’s Nengqilang® (coenzyme Q10 tablets) have entered a rapid volume growth phase,
successfully contributing to the update and iteration of the Group’s product portfolio and
becoming a new driving force for the Group’s steady performance growth.

Innovative products
Nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment:

–     The Phase III clinical trial (“COMPOSE study”) of the innovative radiopharmaceutical ITM-11
      for the treatment of well-differentiated, invasive Grade 2 and 3 gastroenteropancreatic
      neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”) that are somatostatin receptor-positive (SSTR+) has
      completed the first patient enrollment and administration in China;

–     The innovative radiopharmaceutical GPN02006 has achieved breakthrough clinical results in
      a investigator-initiated clinical study (IIT clinical study) conducted in China for the diagnosis
      of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC);

–     The early detection product for urological tumors, YouAi®, has achieved its first commercial
      prescription in mainland China, marking the formal entry into clinical application of China’s
      currently only approved early detection product for urothelial carcinoma based on a dual
      mechanism of methylation and gene mutation;

–     The globally innovative radiopharmaceutical TLX591 for the treatment of prostate cancer,
      submitted an application to the National Medical Products Administration of the People’s
      Republic of China (“NMPA”) to join an international multi-center Phase III clinical trial and
      received approval;

–     The global innovative radiopharmaceutical TLX591-CDx for the diagnosis of prostate cancer
      has completed patient enrollment and administration in its Phase III clinical study in China;

–     The global innovative radiopharmaceutical YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has
      submitted an application to the NMPA for a Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of
      hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and has been approved;




16   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



–      The globally innovative radiopharmaceutical product SIR-Spheres® Yttrium-90 microsphere
       injection has received formal approval in advance from the U.S. Food and Drug
       Administration (“FDA”) for an additional indication for the treatment of unresectable
       hepatocellular carcinoma based on breakthrough interim results from the DOORwaY90
       clinical trial.

Respiratory and critical and severe disease:

–      The innovative drug GPN00204 for the treatment of respiratory diseases has completed the
       first patient enrollment and administration in its Phase I clinical trial in China;

–      The globally innovative drug STC3141 for the treatment of sepsis has successfully reached
       the clinical endpoint in its Phase II clinical trial in China;

ENT:

–      The innovative improved new drug CBT-001 for the treatment of pterygium has completed
       patient enrollment and administration in the international multi-center Phase III clinical trial
       conducted in China;

–      An innovative drug for slowing the progression of myopia in children GPN00884 Phase I
       clinical trials in China.

–      GPN01768 (TP-03, Lotilanar eye drops, 0.25%), a globally innovative ophthalmic drug for the
       treatment of demodicosis blepharitis, has been approved for commercialization by the
       Pharmaceutical Administration Bureau (“ISAF”) of the Macao Special Administrative Region
       Government;

–      The globally pioneering innovative product Varenicline tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”) for the
       treatment of dry eye syndrome has completed the first batch of commercial prescriptions
       following its formal approval in mainland China;

–      The innovative ophthalmic device GPN00646 has been approved for commercialization by
       the Chinese NMPA.




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   17
Management Discussion and Analysis



Generic products
There were 13 products that have been approved for commercialization by the Chinese NMPA.

API products
There were 3 API products approved for commercialization by the Chinese NMPA.

Industrial layout
In the field of precision intervention for cardiovascular diseases, the Group has completed the
acquisition of a 30.64% equity stake in Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing
Kainite”) and completed the equity change registration. As a result, the Group now holds a
59.91% equity stake in Nanjing Kainite, which has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
Group. Nanjing Kainite serves as a critical component in the Group’s integrated platform for the
independent R&D, production, and sales of high-end medical devices. It undertakes core tasks such
as innovative R&D, product iteration, domestic production, and market promotion for the Group’s
non-powered medical device products. This acquisition will help the Group achieve its strategic
plan of “integrated treatment for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases” in the cardiovascular
and cerebrovascular precision intervention diagnostics and treatment segment, while also
injecting new momentum into the segment’s performance growth.

In the field of otolaryngology, the Group has completed the acquisition of an 80% equity stake in
Qinghai Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qinghai Yixin”) and obtained exclusive product rights for
multiple traditional Chinese medicine formulations, including Dan Zhen Headache Capsules and Li
Shu Kang Capsules. Qinghai Yixin has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.
Through this acquisition, the Group will conduct a comprehensive integration of Qinghai Yixin. The
products of both parties have strong synergistic effects, enabling a strong alliance of resources,
enriching the Group’s product pipeline, further consolidating and enhancing the Group’s
comprehensive market competitiveness in the field of traditional Chinese medicine for chronic
disease treatment, and providing a driving force for the Group’s sustained performance growth.

Additionally, the Group has made significant progress in its research and development and the
construction of production bases.




18   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                              Management Discussion and Analysis



R&D and production bases:
The Radiopharmaceutical R&D and Production Base of Grand Pharmaceutical（遠大醫藥放射性藥
物 研 發 及 生 產 基 地）, located in Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China, was
completed and accepted in April 2025, obtained a Class A Radiation Safety Licence issued by the
Ministry of Ecology and Environment in May, and officially commenced operations at the end of
June. This facility is the world’s first fully integrated closed-loop nuclear medicine supply chain
platform, covering the entire value chain from “isotope production – nuclear medicine R&D –
manufacturing – clinical trials – commercialization”. It has established end-to-end management
capabilities spanning the entire lifecycle from early-stage R&D to clinical translation to
commercialization, with R&D efficiency leading globally. It addresses the ‘bottleneck’ challenges in
nuclear medicine, achieving 100% domestic production to break free from reliance on imports.
Fourteen high-standard GMP production lines meet the demand for multi-product, large-scale
production. Established a fully intelligent management system, featuring nuclear-grade safety and
unmanned intelligent manufacturing, achieving “zero radiation leakage”, “zero pollution discharge”,
and “zero occupational exposure exceeding standards”, meeting the standards of the world’s top
nuclear facilities. We have established a world-class research, production, quality, and operational
system, making it one of the most comprehensive and highly automated intelligent factories in the
world in terms of isotope variety and automation levels. This R&D and production base will further
solidify the foundation of the Group’s nuclear pharmaceutical industry, accelerate the
implementation of global innovative R&D pipelines, drive the Group’s high-quality development in
the nuclear pharmaceutical sector, cultivate high-value blockbuster products, and lay a solid
foundation for the domestic production of the Group’s radioactive drugs.

The Construction Project (Phase I) of Yongsheng Preparation Factory of Grand Pharmaceutical（遠
大 醫 藥 永 晟 製 劑 工 廠 建 設 項 目（一 期））, located in Yangxin County, Huangshi City, Hubei
Province, China, has completed the main structure capping and masonry work, which will further
expand the production capacity of the Group’s pharmaceutical technology, provide production
support for the subsequent implementation of the high-end preparation project, strengthen the
industrial chain of the Group’s high-end preparation manufacturing, and provide continuous
momentum for the subsequent performance growth of the Group’s pharmaceutical technology.

The civil engineering works for the construction project of the large-scale health and nutrition
products production base located in Huangshi City, Hubei Province, China, have been largely
completed. By adopting a green circular economy model and an intelligent production system, the
project aims to establish a high-end health and nutrition products production line compliant with
international standards, with the goal of creating an intelligent demonstration factory recognised
by domestic and international clients through audits. Upon completion, the base will serve as the
core production facility for the Group’s amino acid division’s high-end health and nutrition
products, continuously expanding the product pipeline of the amino acid division and creating
synergies with existing products to enhance the division’s growth momentum and risk-resilience.
This will further solidify the Group’s industry leadership in the health and nutrition sector and
provide strategic support for the Group’s sustainable development in the biotechnology field.




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   19
Management Discussion and Analysis



The second phase of the amino acid production base in Xiantao City, Hubei Province, China, has
completed the main structure capping and masonry work. After the production base is completed,
it will further expand the production capacity of a number of high-quality amino acid varieties of
the Group and provide sustainable momentum for the Group’s amino acid segment to grow
profitably in the future.

BUSINESS INTRODUCTION
The Group has strong technological innovation strength, outstanding internationalization strength,
solid industrial foundation, complete industrial chain and significant comprehensive advantages in
the integration of raw materials and preparations. The Group has more than 130 products included
in the National Essential Drug List (2018 version) and more than 260 products included in the
National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and
Maternity Insurance (2024 version).

Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment as well as Cerebro-cardiovascular
Precision Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Technology
By fully capitalizing “accurate and stable business development capabilities at home and abroad,
the introduction and digestion of international leading technologies, excellent marketing and sales
capabilities”, the Group is aiming at the frontier areas of technological innovation and focusing on
the layout of the “nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment” and “cerebro-
cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment” segments. It has become a
leading enterprise in nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment in China, and a
comprehensive cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment
technology platform with international cutting-edge technologies.

Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
In the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, the Group has achieved a
comprehensive layout in the fields of R&D, production, distribution, and sales, with over 900
employees worldwide. The Group has established a global nuclear medicine industry chain layout
based on its R&D centers in Boston and Chengdu, production facilities in Boston, Frankfurt,
Singapore, and Chengdu, and a sales network covering over 50 countries and regions worldwide.




20   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group, together with Sirtex, cooperated with Telix Pharmaceutical Limited (“Telix”) and ITM
Isotope Technologies Munich SE to establish a world-class tumor intervention technology platform
and a RDC technology platform. The Group adheres to the treatment concept of integrated
oncology diagnosis and treatment. Currently, the Group has 15 innovative products in the pipeline
at the R&D registration stage, covering five radionuclides including 68Ga, 177Lu, 131I, 90Y, 89Zr as well
as seven cancers including liver cancer, prostate cancer and brain cancer. The early stages of R&D
focused primarily on RDC drugs, with a product pipeline now comprising 12 products. In terms of
product types, it covers two types of radionuclide drugs for diagnosis and therapy, providing
patients with global leading anti-tumor solutions with multi-indication treatment options, multi-
means and integrated diagnosis and treatment.

Global R&D efforts for innovative products within the segment are progressing smoothly. In China,
YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection was successfully commercialized in January 2022 for
the treatment of liver metastases from colorectal cancer, and in May 2025, it received approval
from the NMPA to conduct a Phase II registrational clinical trial for the treatment of unresectable
hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC); The global innovative temperature-sensitive embolic agent
GPN00289 completed the first patient enrollment in its registrational clinical study in December
2024. Overseas registration-wise, SIR-Spheres® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection was formally
approved in the United States for a new indication, used to treat unresectable HCC. To date, the
Group has five RDC drugs approved for clinical studies worldwide, with four of them having
entered the Phase III clinical stage, including TLX591-CDx for diagnosing prostate cancer, TLX591
for treating prostate cancer, TLX250-CDx for diagnosing clear cell renal cell carcinoma, and ITM-11
for treating GEP-NETs. In the future, the Group will continue to strengthen the R&D in and
establishment of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, as well as
enrich and improve the product pipeline and industrial layout, forming a nuclear medicine anti-
tumor diagnosis and treatment product cluster with the core of YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere
injections, which continuously consolidates the Group’s global leading position in the field of
nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment.




                                                                                  INTERIM REPORT 2025   21
Management Discussion and Analysis



Core products
YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, the global innovative product:

The Group’s global blockbuster innovative product, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections,
received commercialization approval from the NMPA in January 2022 for the treatment of patients
with unresectable colorectal cancer liver metastases who have failed standard therapy. In July
2025, based on the breakthrough interim results of the DOORwaY90 clinical trial, the FDA granted
accelerated approval for the new indication of treating unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma
(HCC). It is the first and currently the only FDA-approved selective internal radiation therapy (SIRT)
product for the dual indications of unresectable HCC and liver metastases from colorectal cancer. It
has been used by more than 150,000 people in over 50 countries and regions around the world. It
is also recommended by the treatment guidelines issued by different international authoritative
organizations such as Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer Guidelines (BCLC), National Comprehensive
Cancer Network (NCCN), European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), European Association for
the Study of the Liver (EASL), National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE), etc. and has
been included in several authoritative clinical practice guidelines in China, including the “2024
CSCO Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver Cancer” (《二零二四年CSCO原發性
肝 癌 診 療 指 南》), the “Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver Cancer (2024
edition)” (《 原 發 性 肝 癌 診 療 指 南(2024版）》), “Chinese Guidelines for Diagnosis and
Comprehensive Treatment of Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (2023 edition)” (《中國結直腸癌
肝轉移診斷和綜合治療指南(2023版）》), “Clinical Practice Guidelines for Liver Cancer and Liver
Transplantation in China (2021 edition)” (《中國肝癌肝移植臨床實踐指南(2021版）》), etc.

In May 2022, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections was officially commercialized in China.
The treatment of liver malignancies in China has entered a new “Y-90 era”. Since the official
commercialization of YiGanTai®, over 70 hospitals have completed the nuclide transfer procedures,
its official surgeries have been carried out in over 50 hospitals in 22 provinces and cities in China,
while 9 surgery, treatment and training centers have been established. With a wealth of valuable
real-world research accumulated, the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual
Meeting accepted two research abstracts on Yttrium-90 resin microspheres from mainland China.
The 2025 Asia-Pacific Primary Liver Cancer Expert Meeting (APPLE2025) also selected 15 significant
research findings on Yttrium-90 resin microspheres from the mainland China. These studies cover
the treatment of liver cancer patients at various stages: early-stage patients undergo radioactive
liver segment ablation; intermediate-stage patients undergoing downstaging to liver
transplantation/hepatectomy, demonstrating potent tumor shrinkage effects even for tumors
larger than 10 cm or 15 cm; and for advanced patients, combination therapy with systemic
treatment/transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) or hepatic artery infusion
chemotherapy (HAIC), which has shown longer survival benefits compared to traditional treatment
methods and offers the possibility of cure for patients who have undergone comprehensive
treatment. The product’s consecutive appearances and significant results presentations at top-tier
oncology academic conferences such as ASCO and APPLE mark the growing international
academic attention and recognition of the ‘Chinese solution’ for Yttrium-90 resin microsphere
therapy.



22   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



In order to speed up the implementation and popularization of YiGanTai® microsphere injections
precise interventional therapy in China, the Group, based on the surgeon supervision and training
system approved by the Chinese NMPA and the U.S. FDA, concentrated global resources to
provide comprehensive training to surgeons in China on patient screening knowledge, surgical
operation skills, and prognosis assessment methods, helping doctors to master and accumulate
clinical experience to ensure a wider, safe and effective applications of the product, and assisted
domestic doctors in conducting multiple personalized practical trainings by well-known overseas
clinical experts. At present, the Group has trained more than 1,100 doctors in 70 hospitals on the
surgery theory or skills of YiGanTai®, more than 230 doctors have obtained the surgeon registration
for YiGanTai®. Among which, 89 doctors have obtained the operation qualification of independent
surgery through strict one-to-one training by international and domestic renowned experts, and
100 doctors have been qualified as assistants in surgical operation. Another 20 experts have
obtained the qualification of training instructor, which will further accelerate the clinical
popularization of YiGanTai® radioactive interventional operation.

Since its commercialization, YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has been included in over
50 inclusive insurances such as Beijing Puhui Health Insurance（北京普惠健康保）, Shanghai Hu
Hui Bao（上海滬惠保）, Wuhan Fu Han Kang（武漢福漢康）, Chongqing Yu Kuai Bao（重慶渝快
保）, Nanjing Ning Hui Bao（南京寧惠保）and 3 special medical insurances, which covers more
than 24 provincial-level administrative regions and over 100 cities with a significant increase in the
accessibility of such product to patients with liver cancer.

LavaTM, a global innovative liquid embolization agent

LavaTM is the first innovative liquid embolization agent approved for the treatment of peripheral
vascular arterial hemorrhage in the United States. Its radiopacity makes the product less prone to
artifacts during the imaging process, thus giving a better imaging effect. LavaTM can be easily
prepared in 2 minutes, while it takes about 20 minutes to prepare similar products, saving doctors’
preparation time in emergency situations and increasing the probability of patient survival; the
solid embolization upon conversion offers two viscosities which can be used flexibly for patients
with different conditions. LavaTM can create synergies with radioisotopes brachytherapy and
interventional therapies. The product was approved for commercialization in the United States in
April 2023 and its formal commercialization commenced in October of the same year.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   23
Management Discussion and Analysis



YouAi®, the early detection product for urothelial carcinoma

This product employs a dual-target design combining methylation and gene mutation. According
to data from a registrational clinical study involving over 1,000 cases, YouAi® demonstrates a
sensitivity of 92.5% and a specificity of 95.8%. The clinical results are excellent, and the test is non-
invasive, unaffected by external factors such as haematuria or stones, thereby aiding in the early
detection, diagnosis, treatment, and benefits for patients with urothelial carcinoma. The product
has been approved for commercialization by the Chinese NMPA and achieved its first commercial
prescription in April 2025. It is currently the only approved product in China with a dual
mechanism of methylation and gene mutation for early detection of urothelial carcinoma.
Additionally, it is the only product recommended in authoritative guidelines such as the 2024
CSCO Urothelial Carcinoma Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines, the Expert Consensus on Early
Detection and Treatment of Bladder Cancer (2024 Edition), and the Technical Expert Consensus of
the China Cancer Screening Center. YouAi® achieves precise, non-invasive early diagnosis of
urothelial carcinoma patients with ‘a single urine sample’, demonstrating exceptional performance.

Innovative R&D pipeline
The products of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment are mainly
divided into two categories: interventional therapy and RDC.

Interventional therapy:

GPN00289, a global innovative temperature sensitive embolic agent:

GPN00289 is an NMPA innovative medical device approved temperature sensitive embolic material
for the treatment of vascular– rich benign and malignant tumors. At room temperature, the gel has
good flowability and is delivered to the vasculature of the diseased tissue through a microcatheter.
The gel is then solidified in situ at body temperature from the peripheral vessels to the main donor
vessel to achieve embolization of the diseased tissue. It is suitable for the embolization of various
vascular-rich solid organ tumors, especially benign and moderate malignant tumors in the liver.
The product completed the enrollment of the first patient in the registration clinical study in
December 2024. Currently, the clinical study is progressing smoothly.

KonaTM, a global innovative liquid embolization agent

The product, for the treatment of preoperative embolization of cerebral arteriovenous
malformations, is developed with a transient radiopacity that diminishes over time, which can
present clear post-operative organ visualization. In addition, with its drug loading potential, KonaTM
can load other chemical or radiopharmaceuticals to develop new drug-device combination
products, so as to provide more diversified treatment options for the treatment of other tumors or
vascular diseases. Currently, an application for Premarket Approval (PMA) has been submitted to
the FDA for KonaTM.




24    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                              Management Discussion and Analysis



AuroLase®, a global innovative solid tumor ablation therapy

AuroLase® is a global innovative therapeutic technology for prostate cancer tissue ablation that
uses a new type of optically tunable nanoparticle, delivered intravenously and enriched in the
tumor, to selectively absorb laser energy and convert light into heat, thereby precisely destroying
the tumor and the blood vessels supplying it without severely damaging the surrounding healthy
tissue. AuroLase® therapy can maximize treatment outcomes while minimizing the side effects
associated with surgery, radiation and alternative focal therapies compared to surgery, radiation or
traditional alternative focal therapies. Currently, an application for PMA has been submitted to the
FDA for the product.

RDC drugs:

There are currently 9 product candidates under research and a number of products have made
important progress during the period.

TLX591/TLX591CDx, global innovative products for prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment:

TLX591 is a therapeutic RDC drug targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA), and its
overseas early clinical studies have shown positive treatment outcomes, with a median imaging
progression-free survival (rPFS) of 8.8 months and a good safety profile. The product has
undergone international multi-center Phase III clinical trials overseas and, in April 2025, an
application to join the international multi-center Phase III clinical trials was submitted to the
Chinese NMPA. The application was formally approved by the NMPA in July of the same year.
TLX591-CDx is diagnostic RDC drugs targeting PSMA, which could form an integrated radiotherapy
portfolio with TLX591 for prostate cancer. TLX591-CDx was approved for commercialization in
Australia in November 2021 and in the United States in December of the same year. It was
approved for commercialization in Canada in October 2022; in March 2023, it was approved in the
United States for an expanded indication for screening prostate cancer patients eligible for PSMA-
targeted radiopharmaceutical therapy, and in October 2024, it was successively approved for the
expanded indication in Australia and Canada; in January 2025, it was launched in Germany and,
through mutual recognition procedures, subsequently approved for commercialization in
European Economic Area countries including Denmark, Norway, Malta, Luxembourg, the
Netherlands, Sweden, France, Finland, Ireland, and the Czech Republic, and in February of the same
year, it was approved for launch in the United Kingdom; it also received approval for launch in
Brazil in March of the same year. Currently, the Phase III clinical trial of TLX591-CDx in China has
completed patient enrollment and administration of the drug, with plans to submit a marketing
authorization application by the end of this year.




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   25
Management Discussion and Analysis



TLX250/TLX250CDx, global innovative products for the treatment of clear cell renal cell carcinoma:

TLX250 and TLX250-CDx form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for clear cell renal cell
carcinoma (ccRCC). TLX250-CDx was granted a breakthrough therapy by the FDA in July 2020, and
the overseas phase III clinical study successfully met clinical endpoints in November 2022.
According to the study results, for the patients with renal masses suggested by computerized
tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) but unable to determine whether it is
ccRCC, the sensitivity and specificity of positron emission tomography (PET) imaging with TLX250-
CDx in the diagnosis of ccRCC reached 86% and 87% respectively, which far exceeded the preset
threshold required by the FDA (both sensitivity and specificity higher than or equal to 70%). Its
positive predictive value has reached 93%. For early ccRCC in stage T1a, which is currently difficult
to diagnose (the tumor is confined to the kidney with the largest tumor diameter smaller than or
equal to 4 cm), the sensitivity and specificity of TLX250-CDx diagnosis reached 85% and 89%
respectively. These breakthrough clinical results demonstrate that TLX250-CDx is expected to
provide a highly accurate and non-invasive diagnostic solution for ccRCC, and has the potential to
become a new clinical diagnostic standard for ccRCC. Currently, the new drug application
submitted by TLX250-CDx to the FDA has been accepted and entered into priority review.
Moreover, clinical studies of TLX250-CDx on a number of extended indications such as CAIX-
positive solid cancer, bladder and Urothelial carcinoma are progressing worldwide. In terms of
registration in China, the product completed the first patient enrollment and dosing in Phase III
clinical trials in November 2024. TLX250 is undergoing a phase II clinical study overseas.

ITM-11/TOCscan®, a global innovative product for the treatment of gastroenteropancreatic
neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”):

ITM-11 and TOCscan® form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for GEP-NETs. ITM-11 has received
an orphan drug status from FDA and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), and its Phase III clinical
study (COMPETE) overseas has reached its primary clinical endpoint in January 2025. For the
registration in China, the product was approved by the Chinese NMPA in April 2023 for use in the
treatment of unresectable, progressive, SSTR+ GEP-NETs. In March 2024, it was approved by the
NMPA to join an international multi-center Phase III clinical study (COMPOSE International Multi-
center Study) targeting high-grade invasive Grade 2 and Grade 3, SSTR+ GEP-NETs, and the first
patient was enrolled and dosed in March 2025; Additionally, the product received approval from
the Chinese NMPA in December 2024 to initiate a Phase III bridging clinical trial for the treatment
of well-differentiated Grade 1 or 2, SSTR+ GEP-NETs. The product is expected to achieve
comprehensive coverage of all stages of GEP-NET disease progression. TOCscan® has been
approved for commercialization in Germany, Austria and France in 2018.




26   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



TLX101, a global innovative product for glioblastoma treatment:

TLX101 is a RDC drug for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. It can pass through the blood-
brain barrier entering the brain freely, and targets the overexpressed L-type amino acid transporter
1 (LAT-1) in glioblastoma to precisely irradiate cancer cells, and promote their apoptosis to achieve
therapeutic effect. The product has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA and is in
Phase I/II clinical research stage overseas. In April 2023, the phase I clinical study of TLX101 to be
conducted in China was approved by the NMPA.

ITM-41, a global innovative product for the treatment of bone metastasis in malignant tumors:

ITM-41 is a therapeutic RDC drug that targets bone metastasis in malignant tumors by conjugating
no-carrier-added 177 Lu with zoledronic acid. The product can precisely target hydroxyapatite at
the metastasis site, inhibiting bone metastasis from malignant tumors while minimizing radiation
to normal tissues, greatly improving patient survival and potentially further reducing skeletal
related events in patients with severe bone metastases. The product is currently in the pre-clinical
research stage.

GPN02006, the global innovative hepatocellular carcinoma diagnostic product

GPN02006 is a globally innovative diagnostic radiopharmaceutical based on radiopharmaceutical-
antibody conjugation technology, targeting phosphoinositide glycoprotein 3 (“GPC-3”). It exhibits
high specificity and affinity for the GPC-3 target, with good safety profiles, making it suitable for
precise diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Currently, drug development targeting the
GPC-3 target is still in the early stages of R&D globally, with no drugs targeting this target yet
available on the market. The investigator-initiated clinical study (IIT clinical study) of GPN02006
conducted in China achieved breakthrough progress in April 2025, and the clinical results were
presented at the Chengdu 2025 Future XDC New Drug Conference and the North American
Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging Annual Meeting. The clinical study data
demonstrated that GPN02006 exhibits excellent safety and imaging efficacy: No drug-related
adverse reactions were reported in any of the participants after administration, demonstrating
excellent safety and tolerability; high-quality imaging can be achieved within 30 minutes after
administration, fully meeting the clinical demand for rapid diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma.
The drug has three significant advantages in terms of imaging quality: 1) extremely low
background signal; 2) high specificity of uptake in HCC lesions; and 3) superior diagnostic contrast.
Based on its unique molecular targeting mechanism, the drug can achieve: 1) early precise
localization of HCC lesions; 2) dynamic assessment of treatment response; and 3) Early warning of
recurrence and metastasis, providing robust molecular imaging evidence for clinicians to develop
personalised treatment plans; Compared to current HCC diagnostic protocols, GPN02006
demonstrates superior diagnostic efficacy in detecting early-stage, small HCC lesions. This product
has the potential to improve the current clinical challenges of low early diagnosis rates and
difficulties in monitoring recurrence and metastasis in HCC patients. Currently, the registration
clinical development of this product is being actively advanced.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   27
Management Discussion and Analysis



Cerebro-cardiovascular Precision Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
The Group adheres to the treatment concept of “precision treatment” and conducts
comprehensive layout in three directions, namely channel management, structural heart disease
and heart failure, to build a high-end medical device product cluster. At present, the segment has
reserved over 30 products, of which 22 products in channel management have been approved for
commercialization in China. One product in the field of structural heart disease has been approved
for market launch in China. The Group’s multi-polar renal artery radiofrequency ablation system,
Platinum Wisdom IberisTM, developed in collaboration with Shanghai An Tong Medical Technology
Co., Ltd., was approved for commercialization by the Chinese NMPA in February 2025. The
transcatheter mitral valve clip system NeoNova® and coronary artery shockwave system
DEEPQUAKE-CTM, developed in collaboration with Jiangsu Zhenyi Medical Technology Co., Ltd.,
were approved for market launch by the Chinese NMPA in February 2025 and June 2025,
respectively. While other products are also being actively promoted for clinical registration in China
in order to achieve the stage-by-stage commercialization for innovative products in the coming
years, driving the business in this segment to achieve steady growth.

The Group has completed the comprehensive construction of the “active + passive” innovative
device platform in this segment. Among them, the Active Equipment R&D and Production Base in
Optics Valley, Wuhan and the Passive Equipment R&D and Production Base in Changzhou have
been put into use. The Shanghai Device R&D Center, which focuses on the field of structural heart
disease, has been put into use. At present, the Group has carried out technology cooperation with
clinical centers or R&D platforms in the Unites States, Canada, Germany, Italy and Switzerland, and
gradually started a new process of globalized R&D. The segment has over 340 employees and
nearly 70 R&D team members, with over 65% of them holding master’s degrees and doctoral
degrees. With a comprehensive background in medicine, pharmacy, materials, machinery,
electronics, etc., it helps to achieve stable and long-term development in R&D and innovation. The
Group is committed to developing this segment into a leading “cerebro-cardiovascular precision
interventional therapy platform” in China and worldwide.

Core products
RESTORE DEB®, a coronary drug-coating balloon:

RESTORE DEB® is the first drug-coating balloon with the dual indications of original coronary artery
disease mutation and stent restenosis in China. Its clinical research results were published in the
important journal “JACC (Journal of the American College of Cardiology) Cardiovascular
Interventions” in the field of cardiovascular disease. The unique SAFEPAX patented technology
ensures a uniform and stable drug coating with a low shedding rate. Since its launch, it has been
recognized by a large number of clinicians and patients and has a good market reputation, and its
clinical status was also affirmed in the guidelines and expert consensus such as the Guidelines for
Treatment of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention（中國經皮冠狀動脈介入治療指南）and the
Chinese Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of Drug Coated Balloon（藥物塗層球囊臨床應
用中國專家共識）.




28   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



APERTO® OTW, a drug coated balloon for dialysis access:

APERTO® OTW is the first drug-coating balloon for the indication of arteriovenous fistula stenosis in
dialysis patients. This product has the dual characteristics of high pressure resistance and drug
coating. Compared with ordinary high pressure balloon, APERTO® OTW has a significant advantage
in the passing rate of target lesions for six months after surgery, which will greatly contribute to
the extension of the life time of fistula and the improvement of the quality of life of dialysis
patients. Its clinical research results are published in American Journal of Kidney Diseases, an
important journal in the field of kidney disease treatment.

NOVASIGHT, an intravascular dual mode imaging system, and its domestically produced product
NOVASYNC:

NOVASIGHT and NOVASYNC combine two imaging technologies, namely intravascular ultrasound
(“IVUS”) and optical coherence tomography (“OCT”) and can simultaneously show the ultrasound
and optical image with the same direction, axis and phase, which, on one hand, better provides
doctors with histological and morphological information on intravascular plaque and vascular wall,
facilitating doctors to provide patients with more accurate treatment options. On the other hand, it
also reduces the diagnosis and treatment procedures for patients and reduces their medical
burden. NOVASIGHT is the first intravascular ultrasound and optical dual mode imaging system
approved by the FDA of the United States. It has been commercialized both in Canada and Japan.
NOVASYNC is the domestically produced successor to NOVASIGHT. It inherits the excellent
performance and high quality of NOVASIGHT, achieves compatibility between domestic and
imported products, and further reduces production costs, thereby benefiting more patients with
coronary heart disease. These two products have a promising prospect in the field of coronary
artery imaging and intracavitary interventional surgery.

Lu Ci®, the first domestically produced adjustable intracranial thrombectomy stent product:

Lu Ci® features a circular wire braided structure design, allowing manual adjustment to the ideal
diameter outside the body to match the target vessel. During stent implantation, the entire
process is visible and radiopaque, enabling surgeons to better adjust the stent based on the
location and total length of the thrombus to better adapt to the occluded vessel, thereby
achieving a higher vascular recanalisation rate. The adjustable characteristics of Lu Ci enhance the
stent’s ability to engage with the thrombus, improving surgical efficacy, while also reducing
vascular damage and enhancing surgical safety. Additionally, Lu Ci is fully radiopaque, facilitating
precise manipulation by doctors. The launch of Lu Ci provides a new option for thrombus removal
therapy in acute ischemic stroke.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   29
Management Discussion and Analysis



Platinum Wisdom IberisTM, the multi-polar renal artery radiofrequency ablation system

Utilising advanced renal nerve ablation technology, the system delivers the ablation catheter
precisely to the renal artery via minimally invasive intervention. Radiofrequency energy is then used
to ablate the renal sympathetic nerves, effectively blocking the transmission of overly excited renal
sympathetic nerve signals, thereby achieving stable blood pressure regulation. Iberis TM has
demonstrated excellent clinical efficacy in the treatment of patients with uncontrolled primary
hypertension. and related research findings have been published in full in the top-tier international
cardiovascular academic journal Circulation (Impact Factor: 35.5), receiving high recognition from
the international academic community. It is currently the only renal artery denervation ablation
(RDN) product globally that has obtained EU CE certification and features a dual-access design via
the radial and femoral arteries.

DEEPQUAKE-CTM and DEEPQUAKETM, domestic coronary and peripheral shockwave systems

By releasing non-focused pulsed acoustic pressure waves to the affected area during low-pressure
balloon expansion, DEEPQUAKE-CTM effectively and safely destroys both superficial and deep
calcified plaques in the vascular wall. It is indicated for the treatment of adult coronary artery
calcification lesions with coronary artery stenosis ≥50% prior to stent implantation. DEEPQUAKETM is
indicated for the treatment of calcified lesions in the iliac artery, femoral artery, iliofemoral artery,
popliteal artery, renal artery, and below-the-knee artery in adult patients with vascular stenosis
≥50%. DEEPQUAKE-CTM and DEEPQUAKE-TM feature a unique product design, both with high pulse
energy and five-level adjustable energy settings, enabling more targeted fragmentation of
stubborn calcified tissue; both have a greater number of electrode arrangements, ensuring more
uniform energy distribution and enhancing treatment safety and efficacy; Additionally,
DEEPQUAKE-CTM uses flexible integrated electrodes, with thinner and more flexible electrodes
improving balloon passability. DEEPQUAKETM offers higher energy, more electrodes, and longer
specifications, enabling coverage of extensive diffuse calcification lesions. These two products are
expected to provide patients with coronary and peripheral vascular calcification lesions with more
diverse treatment options.

NeoNova®, the domestic transcatheter mitral valve clip system

This product enables edge-to-edge mitral valve repair for patients with mitral regurgitation via an
interventional approach, improving cardiac function, reducing surgical trauma, and shortening
recovery time. The product is easy to operate and has good safety. It uses an elastic self-locking
mechanism that allows the clamp arms to automatically adapt to the valve strength and lock
automatically, ensuring stable clamping while maximising the avoidance of the risk of valve tears
during and after surgery. The ‘I-shaped’ clamp design allows flexible adaptation to complex
scenarios such as chordal entanglement and transvalvular crossing at the commissure; it offers
stable bending control with a smaller radius, reducing the surgical space required within the
atrium and providing greater operational flexibility. This product is expected to offer a new
treatment option for patients with mitral regurgitation.




30    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



Innovative and R&D Pipeline
aXess, a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product:

aXess is a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product for end-stage renal disease (ESRD)
patients with arteriovenous graft (AVGs) for hemodialysis treatment. The product is expected to
provide a safer and more effective blood access for dialysis patients by providing a basic structural
framework for autologous tissue repair of patients, accelerating the establishment of dialysis
access, and reducing the incidence of thrombosis and related complications. aXess can further
synergize with APERTO® OTW in the field of hemodialysis. The pivotal clinical study for this product
approved in the United States completed the enrollment of the first patient in November 2024,
and the pivotal clinical study conducted in Europe completed the enrollment of all patients in
January 2025. At the same time, the registration of this product in China is also being actively
promoted.

Saturn, a global innovative mitral valve replacement system:

Saturn is a global innovative medical device for mitral valve replacement. The product is implanted
in an interventional manner via a room septum to minimize surgical trauma and shorten post-
operative recovery time, and innovatively combines annular reconstruction technology with valve
replacement technology to enhance device adaptability and suitability for all common mitral valve
structures. The product underwent a clinical study using the transcatheter approach in Europe in
2020 and completed patient enrollment in 2022. In May 2024, the first patient enrollment for the
clinical study using the femoral vein approach was completed in Europe. Meanwhile, the
registration of the product in China is also under active progress.

CoRISMA, a global innovative ventricular assisted device:

CoRISMA is a fully implanted transcatheter ventricular assisted medical device for the treatment of
class III and end-stage heart failure. By adopting the world’s most advanced energy transmission
technology for wireless power supply, it provides a minimally invasive, safe, power-line infection-
free and complication-free treatment for patients with end-stage heart failure through minimally
invasive surgery. Currently, the Group is working with an innovative medical device company
incubated by Yale University on product development.

PHARMACEUTICAL TECHNOLOGY
With years of experience in the respiratory and critical and severe disease, ENT and cerebro-
cardiovascular emergency fields, the Group currently has a number of products with high entry
barrier and exclusive products with leading market shares, a strong brand name and a solid market
position, and also reserves a number of innovative products.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   31
Management Discussion and Analysis



Through an innovation model combining global technology cooperation and independent R&D,
the Group has established the International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the Glycomics
R&D Center in Australia and the mRNA R&D Center in Aoluo, Nanjing in the field of pharmaceutical
technology. These R&D centers and technology platforms will continue to empower and provide
continuous technological support for the Group’s R&D and innovation in the field of
pharmaceutical technology.

Respiratory and Critical and Severe Disease Segment
The Group’s products on sale in the respiratory and critical and severe disease segment covers a
wide range of indications such as rhinitis, bronchitis, pneumonia, asthma and chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease, etc. The core products, Qie Nuo (eucalyptol, limonene and pinene enteric soft
capsules), Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler® are exclusive products nationwide,
which are in the leading position in their respective segments.

The innovative strategic plan in this field focuses on the unmet significant clinical needs, with a
number of products under research, covering allergic rhinitis, sepsis and Acute Respiratory Distress
Syndrome (“ARDS”) etc. In the future, the Group will continue to adopt the R&D concept of
independent R&D and global expansion to create a full-cycle management product cluster for
chronic airway diseases and a pipeline of products for critical and severe diseases, so as to
continuously strengthen the Group’s industry position in this field.

Respiratory products
The main products include Qie Nuo®, Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler®, Budesonide
nasal spray etc.

Qie Nuo®:

It is a soluble and phlegm-free drug for viscosity, and is suitable for acute and chronic rhinosinusitis
as well as respiratory diseases such as acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchial dilation,
pulmonary abscess, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bacterial infection in the lungs,
tuberculosis, and silica lungs. It can also be used for bronchoscopic angiography to facilitate the
discharge of contrast medium. It is an exclusive product in China independently developed by the
Group with two separate types of drugs for adult and children’s use and was included in China’s
National Reimbursement Drug List in 2017 and China’s National Essential Drug List in 2018
respectively, and was listed in the Top Brands of the Health Industry in 2024（二零二四年健康產
業品牌榜）, Top Brands of Family Medicine in China 2022-2023（2022-2023年中國家庭常備藥上
榜品牌）and Potential Brands in China’s Pharmaceutical Retail Market 2023-2024（2023-2024年度
中國藥品零售市場潛力品牌）. Currently, there are dozens of guidelines and expert consensus
recommending the use of viscosity dissolving promotors for clinical use. Among them, more than
10 guidelines and expert consensus explicitly recommend eucalyptol, limonene and pinene enteric
soft capsules or its active ingredients for clinical treatment, such as Guidelines for the Diagnosis,
Treatment and Management of Cough in China (2024) (《中國咳嗽基層診療與管理指南（2024
年）》), the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Adult Bronchiectasis in China
(2021) (《中國成人支氣管擴張症診斷與治療專家共識（2021）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis

32    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



 and Treatment of Secretory Otitis Media in Children (2021) (《兒童分泌性中耳炎診斷和治療指
 南（2021）》), the Guidelines for Rational Use of Drugs for Chronic COPD in Primary Care (2020)
(《慢性阻塞性肺疾病基層合理用藥指南(2020)》), Chinese Guidelines for Perioperative Airway
 Management in Thoracic Surgery (2020 Edition)（《中國胸外科圍手術期氣道管理指南（2020
 版）》）, Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Fibromotor Dyskinesia: Chinese Expert Consensus（《原
 發 性 纖 毛 運 動 障 礙 診 斷 與 治 療 中 國 專 家 共 識》）, Expert Consensus on Classification and
 Diagnosis of Rhinitis and Nasal Medication Regimen（《鼻炎分類和診斷及鼻腔用藥方案的專家
 共識》）and Expert Consensus on Childhood Recurrent Respiratory Infections（《兒童反復呼吸道
 感染專家共識》）, etc. Its clinical status is prominent, and the level of recognition among doctors
 and patients is high, continuing to lead the market of oral cough relieving and phlegm relieving
 drugs.

Enerzair® Breezhaler® (Indagamol inhalation powder II) and Atectura® Breezhaler® (Indacate
romometasone inhalation powder II, III):

Enerzair® Breezhaler® is the first triple combination inhalation preparation for asthma indications
approved in China for the maintenance treatment of asthma in adults not adequately controlled
with the maintenance combination treatment of long-acting beta2 adrenergic agonist (LABA) and
inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). The product has clear efficacy, is convenient to use, and has achieved
breakthroughs in three aspects: (1) using an optimized drug combination of ICS, LABA and long-
acting muscarinic receptor antagonist (LAMA) (i.e. mometasone furoate/indacaterol acetate/
glycopyrronium bromide), the three effective ingredients can provide synergy benefit, and
compared with the conventional high dose ICS-LABA and high dose ICS-LABA combined with
LAMA opened triple combination, Enerzair® Breezhaler® can effectively improve the clinical
symptoms and lung function of patients with moderate to severe asthma, and significantly reduce
the risk of acute attacks; (2) dosing once a day, which significantly facilitates the patient and is
expected to improve the compliance; (3) using the advanced Breezhaler® inhalation device, which
is easy to operate, and provides patients with triple confirmation of dosing as audible, tasteable,
and visible, enhancing patients’ confidence that the complete dose has been taken. The ARGON
phase III clinical study of the product shows that, compared with high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone
powder for inhalation combined with Tiotropium Bromide Spray opened triple combination,
Enerzair® Breezhaler® significantly reduce the annualized rate of moderate exacerbations (based on
24 weeks data) by 43%. Atectura® Breezhaler® is an innovative combination of ICS mometasone
furoate and LABA indacaterol acetate for the maintenance treatment of adult and 12 years old
above adolescent patients with asthma. Atectura® Breezhaler® also has the characteristics including
“visible and controllable, precise inhalation, once a day” etc. It can significantly improve the lung
function of patients and reduce the risk of acute attacks, and is a new choice for optimal treatment
of asthma patients. The phase III clinical study of the product shows that, compared with the
conventional high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for inhalation, Atectura® Breezhaler® can
significantly improve the risk of acute attack in patients, and the risk of severe, moderately severe
and all acute attack categories is reduced by approximately 26%, 22% and 19% respectively. Both
products have been included in the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Standardised Application of
Inhalation Devices for Stable Chronic Airway Diseases (2023 Edition) (《穩定期慢性氣道疾病吸入
裝 置 規 範 應 用 中 國 專 家 共 識（ 2023版）》), Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and
Management of Severe Asthma (2024) (《重 度 哮 喘 診 斷 與 處 理 中 國 專 家 共 識（ 2024 ）》),


                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   33
Management Discussion and Analysis



Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Bronchial Asthma (2024 Edition) (《支氣管哮喘防
治指南（2024年版）》), the Global Strategy for Asthma Management and Prevention (2025) (《全球
哮喘管理和預防策略（2025）》) and other authoritative clinical guidelines and expert consensus
documents both domestically and internationally. Additionally, both products have been officially
included in the Category B drug management scope of China’s National Basic Medical Insurance,
Work Injury Insurance, and Maternity Insurance Drug Directory (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險
和生育保險藥品目錄》), providing new treatment options for individuals undergoing long-term
asthma therapy.

Budesonide nasal spray:

It is a nasal corticosteroid medication with potent local anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects,
which can directly act on the nasal mucosa to relieve rhinitis symptoms. It is used for the treatment
of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis, perennial non-allergic rhinitis; it can also be used to
prevent the recurrence of nasal polyps after nasal polyp removal and for symptomatic treatment of
nasal polyps. As a first-line medication for allergic rhinitis, it has been included in multiple clinical
guidelines and expert consensus documents such as the product has been included in clinical
guidelines such as Guidelines for the Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of
Chronic Sinusitis (2024) (《中國慢性鼻竇炎診斷與治療指南（2024）》), Chinese Guidelines for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis (2022 Revised Edition) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和
治療指南（2022年，修訂版）》), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic
Rhinitis in Children (2022 Revised Edition) (《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（2022年，修訂
版）》), the Expert Consensus on the Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis with Nasal Corticosteroids (《鼻
用糖皮質激素治療變應性鼻炎專家共識》), and the Expert Consensus on the Classification,
Diagnosis, and Nasal Medication Regimens for Rhinitis (《鼻炎分類和診斷及鼻腔用藥方案的專
家 共 識》). This product is the first generic in China and is expected to alter the competitive
landscape in the market for products with the same generic name, which has been dominated by
foreign companies.




34    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                 Management Discussion and Analysis



 Fluticasone propionate nasal spray:

It is a nasal corticosteroid medication with potent local anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects,
it directly acts on the nasal mucosa to alleviate nasal inflammation symptoms. It is indicated for the
prevention and treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis (including hay fever) and perennial allergic
rhinitis. It is a first-line treatment for allergic rhinitis and is included in the Chinese Guidelines for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Sinusitis (2024) (《中國慢性鼻竇炎診斷與治療指南
（2024）), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis (2022 Revised
Edition) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（2022年，修訂版）》), Chinese Guidelines for the
Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in Children (2022 Revised Edition) (《兒童變應性鼻炎
診斷和治療指南（2022年，修訂版）), the Expert Consensus on the Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis
with Nasal Corticosteroids (《鼻 用 糖 皮 質 激 素 治 療 變 應 性 鼻 炎 專 家 共 識》), and the Expert
Consensus on the Classification, Diagnosis, and Nasal Medication Regimens for Rhinitis (《鼻炎分
類 和 診 斷 及 鼻 腔 用 藥 方 案 的 專 家 共 識》). This product is the first generic in China and is
expected to alter the competitive landscape in the market for products with the same generic
name, which has been dominated by foreign companies.

 Innovative R&D Pipeline
 Based on unmet clinical needs, the Group has reserved a number of global innovative drugs for
 the indications of seasonal allergic rhinitis, sepsis and ARDS.

 Ryaltris (“GSP 301 NS”), a new compound nasal spray for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis:

 GSP 301 NS is a new glucocorticoid and antihistamine compound nasal spray. Currently, the
 product has been approved for commercialization in the United States, Australia, South Korea,
 Russia, the United Kingdom, the European Union as well as other countries and regions. In terms of
 registration in China, it was approved to conduct a phase III clinical trial for the treatment of
 allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms in patients aged 12 and above in October 2021,
 and has successfully met the clinical endpoint in September 2023. According to clinical results, the
 efficacy of GSP 301 NS are better than the monomer originator preparations Patanase® NS and
 Nesuna® NS. Meanwhile, the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic features of GSP 301 NS have
 also met the preset clinical endpoints. In February 2024, the New Drug Application (NDA) for this
 product was officially accepted by the NMPA.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025   35
Management Discussion and Analysis



STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of severe diseases:
STC3141 is a small molecule compound with a novel mechanism of action independently
developed by the Group, which can be used to reverse organ damage caused by excessive
immune responses by neutralizing extracellular free histones and neutrophil traps and is applicable
to multiple severe disease indications. STC3141 is the world’s first sepsis treatment solution
centered on rebuilding immune homeostasis, representing a major upgrade in treatment
dimensions. Building on existing symptomatic supportive treatments such as anti-infection, fluid
resuscitation and organ function maintenance, it precisely regulates the core cause of the disease,
which is immune dysregulation, to help the body restore balance. This is expected to fill the
current clinical gap in sepsis treatment targeting the underlying cause. The product has a novel
mechanism and the results of related preclinical research have been published in Nature
Communications and Critical Care, both top academic journal with far-reaching academic
influence, in February 2020 and November 2023, respectively. At present, the product has been
granted 7 clinical approvals in four indications of sepsis, ARDS, severe COVID-19 infection
(“COVID-19”), and ARDS caused by COVID-19 in five countries around three continents including
China, Australia, Belgium, United Kingdom and Poland. Four patient-specific clinical studies were
completed and have successfully met the clinical endpoints. Previous Phase Ib clinical studies
conducted in Australia and Belgium for the treatment of sepsis, a Phase Ib clinical study conducted
in China targeting acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS), and a Phase IIa clinical study
conducted in Europe for the treatment of severe COVID-19 infection have all demonstrated that
STC3141 exhibits good safety and tolerability. Additionally, it has shown positive signals in helping
patients wean off ventilators, discontinuing vasopressors, and shortening ICU hospitalization
duration. The Phase II clinical study targeting sepsis conducted in China successfully achieved its
primary clinical endpoint in May 2025. Clinical results showed that the SOFA scores of the drug
treatment group on day 7 were significantly lower than baseline, particularly in the high-dose
group, with a reduction significantly greater than that of the placebo group, and the difference
was statistically significant and clinically meaningful; the trends for secondary endpoints were
consistent with the primary endpoint and met expectations. Additionally, STC3141 demonstrated
good safety and tolerability, with pharmacokinetic characteristics also in line with expectations.
These study results confirm the efficacy and safety of STC3141 in the treatment of sepsis, marking a
new breakthrough in critical care medicine. The success of this clinical study is expected to usher
in a new era in sepsis treatment.




36   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



ENT Segment
In the ENT segment, the Group’s treatment areas include diseases in multiple fields such as
ophthalmology, otolaryngology, and stomatology, covering chemical preparations, Chinese drug
preparations and health products, including prescription drugs, OTC drugs, medical devices,
consumer goods and other major categories. We have established a professional marketing team
centered on customer needs and guided by academic expertise, forming a nationwide marketing
network. This segment adheres to a development strategy combining traditional Chinese and
Western medicine with integrated pharmaceutical and medical device therapies, continuously
expanding its portfolio of specialised product clusters. On the hospital side, it strengthens the
construction of clinical evidence-based medical systems and professional academic promotion
systems to provide clinical experts with comprehensive disease treatment plans and detailed
product service solutions. On the retail side, it actively builds a leading eye health consumer brand
in China, offering professional, safe, and convenient eye health solutions. In terms of innovation
and R&D, through a combination of collaborative introductions and independent R&D, the division
has developed a portfolio of globally innovative products for the treatment of dry eye syndrome,
demodicosis blepharitis, post-surgical anti-inflammatory and analgesic therapy in ophthalmology,
pterygium, and myopia, establishing a differentiated competitive advantage. These products are
expected to provide patients with more treatment options and improve their quality of life. In the
future, this segment will continue to focus on cutting-edge innovation, further strengthen its
industry influence, and achieve new breakthroughs in its business areas.

ENT products
The ENT core products of the Group include He Xue Ming Mu tablets, Jinsang Series (Jinsang Kaiyin
Tablets/Capsules/Pills/Granules, Jinsang Qingyin Tablets/Capsules/Pills/Granules, Jinsang Liyan
Tablets/Capsules/Pills/Granules, Jinsang Sanjie Tablets/Capsules/Pills/Granules), Maixuekang
(Maixuekang capsules and Maixuekang enteric-coated tablets), Rui Zhu (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop)
and Nuo Tong (Xylometazoline hydrochloride) etc.

He Xue Ming Mu tablets:

which is produced by three classical formulae, namely the Siwutang（四物湯）, Erzhiwan（二至丸）
and Shengpuhuangtang（生蒲黃湯）, has the functions of cooling blood hemostasis, moisturising
dryness and removing blood stasis, and nourishing liver and eye-brightening, and is mainly used
for the treatment of retinal disease caused by the cloudy liver and the heat-burn winding. Since He
Xue Ming Mu tablets have been the exclusive product in China, the State Protected Chinese
Medicine, the National Reimbursement Drug List and the National Essential Drug List for the last 30
years since its commercialization, the Group has accumulated a large number of clinical research
data and application experience in the field of retinal hemorrhage, which has been included in a
number of guidelines/consensus such as Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Type 2
Diabetes in Traditional Chinese Medicine (2024) (《2型糖尿病中醫防治指南（2024）), Guidelines
for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pathological Myopia with Macular Hemorrhage in Traditional
Chinese Medicine (2022) (《病理性近視眼底病變黃斑出血中醫診療指南（2022）), and the
Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of He Xue Ming Mu Tablets for the Treatment of Wet
Age-related Macular Degeneration (《和血明目片治療濕性年齡相關性黃斑變性臨床應用專
家共識》) and provides valuable literature support for clinical use of the products.
                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   37
Management Discussion and Analysis



Jinsang series products:

They are exclusive products nationwide, covering all the diseases of the throat, among which,
Jinsang Sanjie Capsules are used for the treatment of chronic hoarseness disease caused by heat
and poisoning storage and airtight blood stasis (vocal nodules, polyp of vocal cords, thickening of
mucosa of vocal cords) and the resulting hoarseness. Jinsang Sanjie Capsules have been widely
used in clinical application for more than 30 years since its commercialization. Jinsang Liyan
Capsules are the only Chinese patent medicine for the treatment of throat diseases caused by
intraocular obstruction of liver depression and phlegm and humidification. It is also an ideal
medicine for the treatment of pharyngeal symptoms in clinical operation, gastroesophageal reflux
pharyngitis, and chronic and thick pharyngitis. Jinsang Kaiyin Capsules are designed for the rapid
effect of acute pharyngitis as well as throat redness, swelling, heat, pain and hoarning caused by
acute pharyngitis. Several products have been included in the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
Treatment of Common Diseases in Otorhinolaryngology of Traditional Chinese Medicine (《中醫耳
鼻咽喉科常見病診療指南》) issued by the Chinese Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine,
the Clinical Drug Guidelines (《臨床用藥指南》) for the diagnosis and treatment of clinicians, the
authoritative monographs of the Manual for Common Traditional Chinese Medicine of
Otorhinolaryngology (《常見眼耳鼻咽喉科中成藥手冊》) and the Practical Otorhinolaryngology
Head and Neck Surgery (《實用耳鼻咽喉頭頸外科學》), etc., and are included in a number of
clinical pathways and expert diagnosis and treatment guidelines. In January 2022, the Expert
Consensus on the Clinical Application of Jinsang Sanjie Capsules for the Treatment of Vocal
Nodules and Polyp of Vocal Cords (《金嗓散結膠囊治療聲帶小結、聲帶息肉臨床應用專家共
識》) was issued by the Chinese Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine, which has also
provided new support for the evidence-based development of Jinsang Sanjie products. Jinsang
Sanjie and Jinsang Kaiyin Capsules are products on the National Reimbursement Drug List. Jinsang
Kaiyin and Qingyin are dual cross-over products with both prescription and over-the-counter
drugs.

Duoputai®, Maixuekang capsules and Maixuekang enteric-coated tablets:

It has the effects of anticoagulation, antithrombosis, antifibrosis, and improvement of blood
circulation, and can be used in the treatment of cerebro-cardiovascular diseases such as coronary
heart disease, acute cerebral infarction, ischemic stroke, and unstable angina. It is included in the
National Reimbursement Drug List and the Essential Drug List, and is currently the only Chinese
patent medicine that is labeled with antithrombin activity units in China (each capsule/tablet is
equivalent to 14 units of antithrombin activity). It has been included in many authoritative clinical
guidelines, such as the Clinical Evidence-Based Practice Guidelines for Integrated Traditional
Chinese and Western Medicine Rehabilitation for Stroke, Guidelines for Integrated Traditional
Chinese and Western Medicine Prevention and Treatment of Stroke, Guideline for the Diagnosis
and Treatment of Cerebral Infarction with the Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western
Medicine, the Clinical Practice Guideline for Chinese Medicine in the Treatment of Idiopathic
Membranous Nephropathy, and the Expert Consensus on the Use of Maixuekang Capsules
(Enteric-coated Tablet) for Patients with Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular diseases in Clinical
Practice.



38   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



Rui Zhu® (Polyvinyl alcohol eye drop):

It is a single-piece preservative-free artificial tear and currently the first-line drug for the treatment
of dry eye. It is recommended by experts such as the Expert Consensus on Prevention and Control
of Cataract Surgery in China (2021) (《中國白內障圍手術期乾眼防治專家共識(2021年）》), the
Expert Consensus on Dry Eye in China (2020) (《中 國 乾 眼 專 家 共 識(2020年）》), the Expert
Consensus on Refractive Surgery in Laser Corneal Surgery in China (2019) (《中國激光角膜屈光手
術圍手術期用藥專家共識(2019年）》), and the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of
Functional Disorder of Bleacne in China (2017) (《我國瞼板腺功能障礙診斷與治療專家共識(2017
年）》). Rui Zhu was awarded the CPEO Gold Award for nine consecutive years from 2016 to 2024,
namely the “Healthy Industry Brand List”.

Nuo Tong (Xylometazoline hydrochloride nasal spray/nasal drops):

It is a nasal decongestant to relieve nasal congestion, and is suitable for relieving nasal congestion
caused by acute and chronic rhinitis, sinusitis, allergic rhinitis, hypertrophic rhinitis and other nasal
disorders. It does not contain hormones or ephedrine and is suitable for both adults and children.
Nuo Tong is divided into two dosage forms: nasal drops and nasal spray, of which the nasal spray is
the exclusive domestic dosage form and is the leading product among its generic counterparts.
The product has been included in clinical guidelines such as Chinese Expert Consensus on the
Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Sinusitis in Children (Hangzhou, 2024) (《兒童慢性鼻竇炎的
診 斷 和 治 療 中 國 專 家 共 識（杭 州，2024 ）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of
Allergic Rhinitis in China (Revised Edition 2022) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（二零二二
年，修訂版）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in Children (Revised
Edition 2022) (《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（二零二二年，修訂版）》).

Dan Zhen headache capsules:

Formulated from classic prescriptions such as Siwutang, Tian Ma Gou Teng Yin, and Tong Qiao Huo
Xue Tang, these capsules have the effects of calming the liver and subduing wind, dispersing
blood stasis and unblocking meridians, and relieving spasms and pain. They are indicated for the
treatment of headaches, back pain, neck stiffness, irritability, and anger caused by liver yang
hyperactivity and blood stasis obstructing the meridians. This product has a clear clinical indication
and is supported by robust evidence-based research. Its therapeutic scope encompasses primary
headaches, secondary headaches, and headache prevention, offering broad clinical application
prospects. It is a nationally exclusive product listed in the National Medical Insurance Directory and
the National Essential Medicines List, and has been included in clinical guidelines such as the
Chinese Guidelines for the Integrated Traditional and Western Medicine Prevention and Treatment
of Migraine (2022 Edition) (《中國偏頭痛中西醫結合防治指南（2022年版）》.




                                                                                   INTERIM REPORT 2025   39
Management Discussion and Analysis



Varenicline tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”):

It is a highly selective acetylcholine receptor agonist that activates the trigeminal nerve
parasympathetic pathway to increase natural tear secretion, thereby achieving the therapeutic
effect for dry eye syndrome. According to the results of the Phase III clinical study of OC-01,
compared with the control group, OC-01 demonstrated statistically and clinically significant
improvements in tear secretion in patients with dry eye syndrome. with a significant increase in
natural tear secretion compared to baseline (a higher proportion of participants showed an
increase of 10 millimetres or more in Schirmer scores compared to baseline), and demonstrated
good safety and tolerability. The product was approved for marketing in the United States in
October 2021 and is currently the first and only preservative-free, multi-dose, sterile-packaged
nasal spray approved for the treatment of mild, moderate, and severe dry eye syndrome globally.
In terms of registration in China, the product was approved for commercialization in the Macao
Special Administrative Region of China in February 2023; in April 2023, it was introduced as an
imported clinically urgent medication in the Hainan Lecheng Medical Pilot Zone; in December
2023, the first prescription was issued in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area at
the University of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Hospital; in November 2024, it was approved for
commercialization by the Chinese NMPA; and in the same month, it was approved for
commercialization in Taiwan, China; in July 2025, the first commercial prescriptions were issued in
mainland China following formal approval. Currently, the product is included in authoritative
clinical guidelines and consensus documents such as the ‘Chinese Expert Consensus on the Clinical
Diagnosis and Treatment of Dry Eye (2024 Edition)’ and the 2023 edition of the ‘Clinical Practice
Guidelines for Dry Eye’ published by the American Academy of Ophthalmology.

Innovative R&D Pipeline
The Group reserved four innovative drugs in the direction of clear clinical needs for anti-
inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology surgery, pterygium, myopia, demodex blepharitis
and meibomian gland disease with demodex mites etc.:

GPN00833, an improved new drug hormone nano-suspension eye drops for anti-inflammatory and
pain relief after ophthalmology surgery:

Its main active ingredient, clobetasol propionate, is a potent glucocorticoid, and has efficient local
anti-inflammatory and strong capillary contraction effect. Its unique nano-preparation technique
effectively eliminates the low bioavailability and safety risks caused by low water solubility of
hormones products. This product received marketing approval from the US FDA in March 2024.
Regarding its registration in China, the product completed its Phase III clinical study in November
2024 and successfully achieved clinical endpoints. Compared to the control group, the product
demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful differences in anti-inflammatory and
analgesic effects. The product also demonstrated good safety and tolerability, and its
pharmacokinetic profile met expectations. Currently, the product is in the New Drug Application
(NDA) preparation stage.




40    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



GPN00153, an improved new drug for the treatment of pterygium (CBT-001):

It is an innovative and improved product, Nintedanib, which is used for the treatment of
pulmonary fibrosis. It inhibits neovascularization and tissue fibrosis. Currently, the phase II clinical
trial has been completed in the United States with high safety and significant clinical efficacy,
which can inhibit the growth of pterygium and control the aggravation of the disease. The global
phase III clinical trial for CBT-001 has conducted in June 2022 and it has been approved to conduct
phase III clinical trial in China by the NMPA in March 2023, and the first patient was enrolled and
has started administration in March 2024, and all patients were enrolled in June 2025.

Novel ophthalmic preparation GPN00884 for delaying the progression of myopia in children:

It is an innovative drug with a new mechanism jointly developed by the Group and the Eye
Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University (“WMU”). Compared with low-concentration atropine eye
drops, GPN00884 eye drops have no mydriasis effect, no adverse reactions such as photophobia
and decreased accommodation, and the dosing period is not limited, which can improve patient
compliance. The product has been approved to conduct phase I clinical study in China in March
2024, which was accepted by the NMPA, and completed the enrollment and dosing of all subjects
in August of the same year and completed the Phase I clinical study in March 2025.

GPN01768 (TP-03), a Global innovative ophthalmic formulation for the treatment of demodex
blepharitis and meibomian gland disease with demodex mites:

It is a non-competitive antagonist selective for gamma-aminobutyric acid-gated chloride channels
(“GABA-Cl”). By selectively inhibiting GABA-Cl in Demodex mites, TP-03 paralyzes and kills the
mites, which are the root cause of Demodex blepharitis. The product is highly lipophilic, which
promotes its absorption into the oils of eyelash follicles where mites reside. Currently the product
has completed two pivotal clinical studies in the United States, both trials met the primary
endpoint and all secondary endpoints, with statistical significance and no serious treatment-related
adverse events. and was approved for commercialization by the United States Food and Drug
Administration (“FDA”) in July 2023. It is the first and only drug approved by the FDA for Demodex
blepharitis. It was approved for marketing by the ISAF in May 2025. In addition, there are positive
topline results of Phase II clinical research for the product in the United States for the treatment of
MGD patients with Demodex mites. Currently, the product has submitted NDA to the NMPA and
has been accepted.




                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025   41
Management Discussion and Analysis



Cerebro-cardiovascular Emergency Segment
The Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment specializes in both emergency care and
chronic disease management. In terms of emergency care, the Group is listed as a “national
essential drug production base”, an “emergency medicines manufacturer for national ready
reserve” and a “national centralized production base and construction unit for minority-variety
medicines (drugs in short supply)”, etc. with over 30 varieties, 14 of which are included in the
national emergency drugs catalogue of China, while 16 of which are included in the shortage
drugs catalogue, which has ranked the top in the industry in terms of product pipeline. Our
products cover three major emergency scenarios, namely in-hospital emergency care, pre-hospital
emergency care and civilian emergency care. Through this, we continue to provide cerebro-
cardiovascular emergency patients in China with a portfolio of safe and effective products with
application in multiple scenarios and various choices. In terms of chronic disease management,
core products such as Nengqilang, Limetone® eplerenone tablets, Herbesser（合貝爽®及合心爽®)
continue to lead the segmented market. Currently, there are more than 20 products under
research in the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment. The Group will continue to invest in
and develop products in the fields of cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and chronic disease
treatment that are in urgent clinical need through a combination of independent innovation and
R&D and making breakthroughs in difficult generic technologies.

Cerebro-cardiovascular Emergency Products
The products mainly cover the fields of blood pressure control, vascular active drugs, myocardial
metabolism, heart failure and anticoagulation. The main products include Herbesser (Diltiazem
Hydrochloride Tablets/Diltiazem Hydrochloride Sustained-Release Capsules, Diltiazem
Hydrochloride Injection), Nengqilang (coenzyme Q10 tablets), Nuo Fu Kang (methoxamine
hydrochloride injection), eplerenone tablets, etc.




42   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



Herbesser（合貝爽®及合心爽®, Diltiazem hydrochloride tablets/Diltiazem hydrochloride extended-
release capsule, Diltiazem hydrochloride injection):

 As a classic calcium channel blocker with proven clinical efficacy and high safety, it is available in
 oral, sustained-release, and injectable formulations, effectively meeting the clinical needs of
 patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases such as hypertension and coronary
 artery disease. It has been included in numerous authoritative clinical guidelines and expert
 consensus documents, including the Guidelines for the Prevention and Treatment of Hypertension
 in China (2024 Revised Edition) (《中 國 高 血 壓 防 治 指 南（ 2024年 修 訂 版）》), Guidelines for
 Rational Medication Use and Comprehensive Management of Hypertension in Counties (2024)
 (《 縣 域 高 血 壓 合 理 用 藥 與 綜 合 管 理 指 南（ 2024 ）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
 Management of Chronic Coronary Syndrome Patients in China (2024) (《中國慢性冠脈綜合征患
 者診斷及管理指南（2024）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Non-ST-Elevation
 Acute Coronary Syndrome (2024) (《非ST段抬高型急性冠脈綜合徵診斷和治療指南（2024）》),
 Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Atrial Fibrillation in the Elderly (2024)
(《老年心房顫動診治中國專家共識（2024）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of
 Stable Coronary Artery Disease (《穩 定 性 冠 心 病 診 斷 與 治 療 指 南》), Guidelines for Rational
 Medication Use in Primary Care Supraventricular Tachycardia (《室上性心動過速基層合理用藥
 指南》), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy in
 Adults (《中國成人肥厚型心肌病診斷與治療指南》), and Chinese Guidelines for the Treatment
 of Atrial Fibrillation (《心房顫動和治療中國指南》).

Nengqilang® (Coenzyme Q10 tablets):

 It is used to improve myocardial metabolism and energy supply, promoting oxidative
 phosphorylation and protecting the structural integrity of biological membranes. For patients with
 chronic heart failure, this drug can significantly improve symptoms of shortness of breath and
 fatigue, effectively combining with conventional treatment to improve patient prognosis and
 quality of life. Over the past 30 years since its commercialization, it has been included in numerous
 authoritative guidelines and expert consensus documents, including the Expert Recommendations
 for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Fulminant Myocarditis in Children (2025) (《兒童暴發性心肌
 炎診治專家建議（2025）》), Expert Consensus on the Comprehensive Prevention and Treatment
 of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Following Craniocerebral Injury (2025) (《顱腦衝擊傷後創傷後
 應激障礙綜合防治專家共識（2025）》), Guidelines for the Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment of
 Adult Myocarditis in China (2024) (《中國成人心肌炎臨床診斷與治療指南2024》), Guidelines
 for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Alcohol-Related Brain Damage in China (2024) (《慢性
 酒 精 相 關 性 腦 損 害 的 中 國 診 療 指 南（ 2024 ）》), Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and
 Treatment of Hereditary Ataxias in China (2024) (《中國遺傳性共濟失調診治專家共識2024》),
 Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in China (2024) (《中國心力衰竭診斷
 和 治 療 指 南2024 》), Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Severe Fever with
 Thrombocytopenia Syndrome (《重 症 發 熱 伴 血 小 板 減 少 綜 合 征 診 治 專 家 共 識》), Expert
 Consensus on the Clinical Application of Drugs to Improve Myocardial Metabolism in China (2021)
(《改善心肌代謝藥物臨床應用中國專家共識（2021）》), 2018 Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
 Treatment of Dilated Cardiomyopathy in China (《2018中國擴張型心肌病診斷和治療指南》),
 and Recommendations for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in Children (《兒童心力
 衰竭診斷和治療建議》).
                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   43
 Management Discussion and Analysis



 Nuo Fu Kang®, the methoxamine hydrochloride injection:

It is used for the treatment of low blood pressure during general anesthesia and to prevent the
occurrence of abnormal heart rate, to treat low blood pressure induced by the internal obstruction
of the vertebral tube and to terminate arrays of ventricular hyperactivity. The product is the first
generic drug of the Group in China and has been commercialized for more than 30 years. It has
been recommended for use by guidelines and expert consensus, including Expert Consensus on
the Practice of Enhanced Recovery after Cesarean Section Anesthesia (2022) (《剖宮產術後加速
康復麻醉實踐專家共識（2022）》), the Expert Consensus on Obstetric Anesthesia in China (2020)
(《中 國 產 科 麻 醉 專 家 共 識(2020) 》), the Consensus on the Clinical Management of Chinese
Experts in the Peripheral Anesthesia Period of Non-cardiac Surgery in Patients with Cardiac Disease
(2020) (《心臟病患者非心臟手術圍麻醉期中國專家臨床管理共識(2020年）》), the Guiding
Opinions on the Management of Peripheral Anesthesia in Chinese Geriatric Patients (2020) (《中國
老年患者圍術期麻醉管理指導意見(2020)》), the Expert Consensus on Perioperative Use of α1
Adrenergic Receptor Agonists (2017 Edition) (《α1腎上腺素能受體激動劑圍術期應用專家共
識(2017版）》), and the Expert Consensus on Anesthesia Management for Interventional Treatment
of Cranial and Brain Diseases in China (2016) (《中國顱腦疾病介入治療麻醉管理專家共識
（2016）》).

 Limetone® eplerenone tablets（力美通®依普利酮片）:

 It is a new MRA drug. It can block heart disease and vascular damage caused by excessive
 activation of mineralocorticoid receptor (“MR”) by binding to the MR. The Guidelines for Prevention
 and Treatment of Hypertension in China (2024 Revision) (《中國高血壓防治指南（2024年修訂
 版）》), the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in China (《中國心力衰竭診斷
 和 治 療 指 南》), the Chinese Expert Consensus on Blood Pressure Management of Refractory
 Hypertension (《難治性高血壓血壓管理中國專家共識》), the Multidisciplinary Expert Consensus
 for Clinical Application of Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonists in China (2022) (《鹽皮質激素
 受體拮抗劑臨床應用多學科中國專家共識（2022）》), the European Society of Hypertension/
 European Society of Cardiology: Guidelines for the Management of Hypertension（《歐洲高血壓學
 會╱歐洲心臟病學會：高血壓管理指南》）, and the Guidelines for the Management of Heart
 Failure in the United States（《美國心力衰竭管理指南》）and many other well-known clinical
 guidelines and expert consensus at home and abroad recommend the clinical use of MRA drugs in
 the treatment of cardiovascular diseases such as heart failure and hypertension. Compared with
 the first-generation MRA drug Spironolactone, Eplerenone has higher MR selectivity and lower
 affinity for androgen receptor and progesterone receptor, so it has less side effects and is a safe
 and effective new generation of MRA drug. This product was approved for commercialization by
 the NMPA in August 2023, bridging the gap of second-generation selective mineralocorticoid
 receptor antagonist drugs in China. In May 2024, the first prescription was completed and the
 commercialization was officially realized in China. In November 2024, it was officially included in
 China’s National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance
 Drug List (2024 Edition) (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄（2024年版）》).




 44   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                Management Discussion and Analysis



Jext® Pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector:

This is a one-off automatic syringe embedded with the sterile solution of epinephrine. By injecting
single-dose epinephrine to the outside of the leg muscle (muscle injection), the product can
urgently treat sudden and life-threatening anaphylaxis caused by insect bites, food, drugs or
exercise. The product has been approved for commercialization in 21 countries or regions, such as
Spain, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Korea and Hong Kong, China, etc., and has been
launched worldwide for more than 10 years. Its safety and efficacy have been fully verified. At
present, the product has been granted approval for Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay
Area Imported Pharmaceuticals for Urgent Clinical Needs in Mainland China in January 2023, and
patients can purchase the product in designated medical institutions in the Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (“Greater Bay Area”) of China.

Runmodelin® Treprostinil injection:

This is a rare disease drug for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is a synthetic
analogue of endogenous prostacyclin. By acting on specific prostaglandin receptors and
antagonizing thromboxane A2, it promotes vascular smooth muscle relaxation, reduces
thrombosis, inhibits vascular wall cell proliferation, and thereby increases blood flow and reduces
cardiac stress. This product, when used in combination with existing treatments, can significantly
improve patients’ long-term survival. Its use is recommended by authoritative domestic and
international guidelines, including the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic
Thromboembolic Pulmonary Hypertension (2024 Edition) (《慢性血栓栓塞性肺動脈高壓診斷與
治療指南（2024版）》), the 2022 ESC/ERS Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pulmonary
Hypertension (2022 Edition) (《2022 ESC/ERS肺動脈高壓診斷與治療指南》), and the Guidelines
for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pulmonary Hypertension (2021 Edition) in China (《中國肺動
脈 高 壓 診 斷 與 治 療 指 南（ 2021版）》. Runmodelin® is one of only two treprostinil products
currently approved for marketing in China. In January 2023, it was officially included in China’s
National Basic Medical Insurance, Work-related Injury Insurance, and Maternity Insurance Drug List
(2022 Edition), significantly improving patient accessibility and reducing the treatment burden,
benefiting a large number of patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.

Pharmaceutical Raw Materials Segment
The Group’s pharmaceutical raw materials segment has a rich product pipeline and significant
advantages in terms of product concentration. Our bulk APIs and specialty APIs are sold in parallel,
with sales channels spread all over the world. As an important link in the front-end of the
integrated supply chain of raw materials and preparations, the Group now owns several
modernized production bases of pharmaceutical raw materials with complete equipment, superb
technique, outstanding industrialization capability and standardized quality control. The Group
focuses on the R&D of API production in five major areas, namely cerebro-cardiovascular, anti-
infection, antipyretic analgesic, the digestive system and anti-tumor, and fully supports the
production of preparations and R&D work in the field of pharmaceutical technology, so as to
ensure high quality standard and consistency of the Company’s preparations at the source, and
truly realize the integration of upstream and downstream industrial advantages.


                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   45
Management Discussion and Analysis



mRNA Platform
The Group’s mRNA platform focuses on the development of anti-tumor and anti-infection mRNA
drugs. Currently, the Group has completed the establishment of mRNA production technology and
liposomal nanoparticles (“LNP”) delivery technology platform. ARC01 (A002), a therapeutic tumor
vaccine against human papillomavirus type 16 (“HPV-16”)-positive advanced unresectable or
recurrent/metastatic solid tumors, which is under development by the platform, which was
approved to conduct a Phase I clinical study in China in January 2024. It is the first mRNA
therapeutic tumor vaccine against HPV-positive tumors that has been approved for clinical trials in
China. Through the LNP delivery technology, mRNAs encoding E6 and E7 antigens of HPV-16
transfect autologous host cells and are translated into corresponding antigens, and then stimulate
the body to produce specific humoral and cellular immunity under the joint action of TriMix®
immunoadjuvant, which can ultimately achieve anti-tumor effects. Among them, the LNP delivery
technology and TriMix® adjuvant technology are exclusive patented technologies that can
significantly enhance the body’s immune response and improve the immunotherapeutic effect of
the vaccine.

Biotechnology
The Group pursues the concept of green, low-carbon and sustainable development and promotes
high-quality development of the segment with the world’s leading innovative technology in
synthetic biotechnology. The amino acid products and biopesticides are the core business in the
field of biotechnology, and it is positioned as a global premium service provider of high-quality
amino acids and high-end biopesticides. The Group’s development in the biological field focuses
on technological innovation and the construction of high-quality systems. We are comprehensively
advancing the international registration process by establishing technical and quality barriers,
thereby strengthening the Group’s overall competitiveness in the international market. Currently,
the Group has more than 90 R&D personnel in the field of biotechnology. Currently, the Group has
more than 90 R&D personnel in the biotechnology field, with professional backgrounds in cross-
disciplinary disciplines such as microbiology, applied chemistry, biochemistry, pharmacology and
food science, hold over 200 invention patents and has led and participated in the formulation of
more than 60 national, industrial and group standards, with nearly 50 standards published. We
have a complete domestic and international quality system certification, and have won many
honors such as National Green Factory（國家級綠色工廠）, the National Manufacturing Individual
Champion Demonstration Enterprise（國家製造業單項冠軍示範企業）, the National Specialized
New Enterprise（國 家 專 精 特 新 企 業）, and the National Intellectual Property Demonstration
Enterprise（國家知識產權示範企業）.




46   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



Amino Acids Segment
The Group has been cultivating in the field of amino acids for more than 20 years and has always
adhered to the spirit of technological innovation, taking synthetic biology as the core, it pioneered
a world’s leading innovative technology in China based on biotechnology method to produce
various amino acids by biological method, which filled the gap in the industry. The Group has
undertaken the project for national industrial strong foundation engineering and the industrial
foundation transformation project of the PRC, and is the first company in China to be approved for
the “Same production line, same standard, same quality” three-in-one certification for amino acids,
to ensure the safety and stability of the supply chain and industrial chain of high-quality amino
acids in China.

The Group has always adhered to the core business philosophy of “new technology, high quality,
industrial chain, and internationalization” and has continued to strengthen the expansion of the
amino acid industry. Based on pharmaceutical-grade amino acids and by leveraging our industrial
advantages, the Group continues to expand into diversified amino acids.

New Technology:
Focusing closely on the field of synthetic biology and after years of scientific research, at present,
we have built eight technology platforms, including synthetic biology, enzyme engineering,
fermentation engineering, process optimization, quality research and application transformation,
while taking initiatives in construction of cell factory, fine control of fermentation processes, and
research of the full technology chain of separation and purification. Through the innovation and
integration of several technology areas, we have had an integrated synergistic system with new
product development, new technology engineering, industrialization and application solutions,
which provides strong support for continuous innovation and industrial implementation, and some
of the technologies have filled the domestic gaps in China. Currently, the Group has established
long-term deep cooperation relationship with a number of scientific research institutions such as
Wuhan University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Tianjin University of Science
and Technology and Huazhong Agricultural University, under which, a new amino acid
fermentation technology and an enzyme expression system were developed. Meanwhile, the
technological development of cell culture media-level amino acid has been further deepened,
providing raw material guarantee for the research of self-produced cell culture medium. We have
applied the technologies of molecular biology and proteomics to modify the structure of
biological enzymes, thus effectively improving the activity of biological enzymes and the yield and
quality of the products. Among them, the fermentation process with strain construction
optimization as the core and the enzyme conversion process with immobilized enzymes as the
core can not only replaces the traditional chemical synthesis process, improving process safety and
production convenience, but also significantly reduces carbon dioxide emissions during the
production process, which fully demonstrates the development concept of energy saving,
emission reduction and green environment protection of emission peak and carbon neutrality,
generating great economic and environmental benefits. The industrial technology highway built
by the Group in the amino acid segment is beginning to take shape, which has laid a solid
foundation for Original technological innovation and product industrialization.



                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   47
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Group attaches great importance to the construction of R&D team and the close integration of
production and research. At present, the amino acid segment has a core technical team led by
talents from the 100 Talents Plan of Hubei Province（湖北省百人計劃）. The innovative model of
combining production, academia, research and application in this segment, as well as the echelon
of technical innovation talents with clear division of labor and complementary strengths, has
yielded fruitful results with the number of granted invention patents ranking at the leading level in
the same industry.

High Quality:
The Group’s amino acid products have a complete quality certification system at home and
abroad. Many core products have passed the drug/food system certification and registration in
Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia, China and other countries and regions, including
European Union GMP certification, EU REACH registration, Export to European Union WC
certification, the US FDA certification, KFDA Registration in South Korea, the ISO quality
management system certification, the FSSC22000 food system certification, FAMI-QS feed
certification, IP non-GMO certification, the HALAL certification, the KOSHER certification, etc, not
only ensuring the compliance of overseas operations of core products, but also laying the
foundation for the subsequent expansion of new market applications of products. Meanwhile, the
Group has also made efforts to increase registration in new economies such as South America,
paving the way for the globalization of the Group’s core products. Our comprehensive system
certification and registration have demonstrated the Group’s strong competitiveness for business
expansion in overseas markets.

Industry Chain:
The Group has nearly 50 types of various amino acids and their derivatives. It has 26 registered
amino acid APIs and is the pharmaceutical company with the largest number of registered amino
acid APIs in China. At the same time, the Group has also added a number of food-grade and feed-
grade amino acid products, opening up growth space through differentiated paths and
demonstrating the dual-wheel drive effectiveness of market breakthroughs and product
innovation. The rich amino acid product cluster can better meet the customized needs of the
downstream market, provide one-stop services of multiple varieties and specifications, and
enhance customer adhesion in high-end application scenarios. In addition to raw material
products, the Group is also actively expanding its pharmaceutical products. Two of the self-
developed functional dietary supplements, have obtained the U.S. FDA approval and have been
commercialized in the United States. The Group already has over 10 independently developed
functional foods approved for commercialization in China.




48   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                              Management Discussion and Analysis



Internationalization:
The sales network of the Group’s amino acid segment covers more than 140 countries and regions
worldwide, including mainstream markets in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia and
China, with overseas business accounting for about 40% of the total. Among which, some of our
amino acid varieties ranking among the top three in terms of market share. Relying on
technological breakthroughs and cost advantages, the core products have long served domestic
and international high-quality customers including Fortune 500 companies, and established long-
term and stable cooperative relationships with customers in the upstream and downstream of the
industrial chain as well as a high brand awareness and market reputation worldwide, which has
laid a solid customer base for the continuous and rapid growth of the segment’s performance.

In the future, the Group will continue to rely on its world-leading new bio-method manufacturing
technology in the field of high-quality amino acids, solid industrial base and industrial
accumulation, rich amino acid product clusters, high-standard quality certification systems, strong
international registration and commercialization capabilities, with a focus on high-end parenteral
nutrition preparations, innovative peptide drugs, cell culture base and other pharmaceutical-
related high value-added fields, as well as functional dietary supplements such as sports
protection, special medical and infant food, beauty and pet food and other large health consumer
areas. The extensive market space and huge development potential of the downstream segment
will provide the Group’s amino acid segment with strong and sustainable development
momentum.




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   49
Management Discussion and Analysis



FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue and profit
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the business of the Group grew steadily and recorded a
revenue of approximately HK$6,107.32 million (same period last year: HK$6,047.24 million),
representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 1.0%. Revenue in RMB terms1 increased by
approximately 2.0% year-on-year. Excluding the impact of the 10th batch of centralized
procurement, revenue in RMB terms1 increased by approximately 13.0% year-on-year. Revenue
from innovative and barrier products accounted for approximately 51.0% of total revenue
(compared to 36.1% in the same period last year), representing an increase of 14.9 percentage
points year-on-year. During the current period under review, the profit for the period attributable
to the owners of the Company was approximately HK$1,169.02 million (same period last year:
HK$1,557.95 million), a year-on-year decrease of approximately 25.0% as compared with the same
period in 2024. Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the period decreased by
approximately 24.2% year-on-year in RMB terms1. During the period, the Group’s fair value changes
and disposal gains from its investment in Telix amounted to approximately HK$151.73 million
(same period last year: HK$476.63 million), a decrease of HK$324.91 million compared to the same
period last year. If the impact of the Telix investment on profits is excluded, the normalized profit
for the period attributable to the owners of the Company3 was approximately HK$1,017.29 million,
representing a slight decrease of approximately 5.9% compared to the same period of last year,
which was mainly due to the price reduction in the tenth batch of centralized procurement and
the increase in marketing expenses due to the accelerated sales of new products. If disregarding
the impact of exchange rate fluctuation between RMB and HK$, it decreased slightly by
approximately 5.0% compared to the same period in 2024.

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$577.74 million from the nuclear medicine
anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis
and treatment technology products, representing an increase of approximately 70.2% in RMB
terms1, as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$342.75 million). In particular,
we recorded a revenue of HK$421.78 million from the nuclear medicine anti-tumor sector,
representing an increase of approximately 105.5% in RMB terms1, as compared with the same
period of 2024 (approximately HK$207.24 million), due to revenue growth as a result of the rapid
growth in clinical demand for core products and the rapid release of new products; and a revenue
of HK$155.96 million from the cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment sector.




50   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                        Management Discussion and Analysis



During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$3,845.19 million from
pharmaceutical technology products, representing an increase of approximately 2.9% in RMB
terms1, as compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$3,772.94 million). In
particular, we recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,047.35 million from the respiratory and
critical and severe disease sector, representing an increase of approximately 9.9% in RMB terms1, as
compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$962.55 million), mainly due to the
continued growth in clinical demand for core products, the volume growth of innovative products
Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler®, and the rapid growth of new products,
budesonide nasal spray and fluticasone propionate nasal spray, after their commercialization; a
revenue of approximately HK$1,494.71 million from the ophthalmology and otorhinolaryngology
sector, representing an increase of approximately 22.6% in RMB terms1, as compared with the same
period of 2024 (approximately HK$1,230.82 million), with the increase primarily due to continued
growth in clinical demand for core products and growth from sales of new products; and a
revenue of approximately HK$904.41 million from the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency sector,
representing a decrease of 21.8% in RMB terms1, as compared with the same period of 2024
(approximately HK$1,167.41 million), mainly due to the fact that some products have been affected
by the price reduction as a result of centralized procurement. Excluding the impact of the price
reduction in the tenth batch of centralized procurement, the cardiovascular emergency treatment
sector recorded a year-on-year increase in revenue of approximately 64.3% in RMB terms1.

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,684.39 million from
biotechnology products, representing a decrease of approximately 11.9% in RMB terms1, as
compared with the same period of 2024 (approximately HK$1,931.54 million). In particular, we
recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,346.62 million from the amino acid sector (including
taurine), representing a decrease of approximately 9.5% in RMB terms1, as compared with the same
period of 2024 (approximately HK$1,502.07 million), with the decline mainly due to the impact of
cyclical fluctuations in the industry.

Notes:

1        RMB terms refer to exclude the impact of fluctuations in the RMB-HK$ exchange rate.

2        Innovative and barrier products refer to the Company’s original research products, products with exclusive market
         position, products with exclusive commercialization rights, and first-to-market generic products that break foreign
         monopolies.

3        Normalized profit attributable to owners of the Group for the period excludes the impact of fair value changes and
         disposal gains on the Telix investment. In 2020, the Group invested approximately AUD35 million in Telix, subscribing for
         approximately 20.95 million Telix shares at AUD1.69 per share. In August 2022, the Group sold 10 million Telix shares at
         AUD7.25 per share, receiving cash proceeds of AUD72.5 million. In addition to fully recovering its investment, the Group
         received an additional AUD37.5 million (equivalent to approximately HK$200 million) in cash. In February 2025, the
         Group sold approximately 4.95 million Telix shares at AUD28.90 per share, receiving cash proceeds of approximately
         AUD142.59 million (equivalent to approximately HK$689 million). As of 30 June 2025, the Telix share price was AUD24.42
         per share, and the Group still held 6 million Telix shares, with a shareholding value of approximately AUD146.52 million
         (equivalent to approximately HK$755 million).




                                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025      51
Management Discussion and Analysis



Distribution costs and administrative expenses
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s distribution costs and administrative expenses
were approximately HK$1,916.29 million and HK$691.75 million respectively as compared to
approximately HK$1,611.95 million and HK$606.2 million respectively for the corresponding period
in 2024. The distribution costs during the current period increased by approximately HK$304.34
million, which was mainly due to the increased marketing efforts for new products during the year.
The administrative expenses also increased by approximately HK$85.55 million as compared to the
corresponding period of last year mainly due to the consolidation of new subsidiaries and an
increase in business during the period.

Finance costs
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s finance costs were approximately HK$80.35
million as compared to approximately HK$86.12 million for the corresponding period in 2024. The
decrease in finance costs was due to a decrease in the overall interest rate as a result of loan
replacement.

R&D and project investment
For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group continuously invested resources in the stages
of research project and introduction of innovative projects. If including the R&D expenses and also
the capitalized R&D expenses, prepayments for new projects and other investments, the Group’s
investment in R&D and various projects is approximately HK$1,022 million.

Receivables and payables
As of 30 June 2025, trade and other receivables of the Group amounted to approximately
HK$4,750.24 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$1,295.65 million as compared
to the balance in 2024, mainly due to the increase in trade and bills receivables of approximately
HK$1,348.79 million as compared to the closing balance of last year. This is mainly a result of the
increase in business during the current period, and also as general market practise it will put more
force to collect receivables at the year end and thus the trade receivable year-end balances always
recorded comparatively lower.

As of 30 June 2025, the Group’s trade and other payables amounted to approximately HK$3,591.89
million, representing an increase of approximately HK$663.8 million as compared to the balance in
2024, mainly due to the increase in trade and bills payables of approximately HK$398.54 million as
a result of the increase in business during the period. Furthermore, in order to cope with the
expansion of business scope, we accrued additional selling and operating expenses such as
salaries, marketing and promotion expenses and R&D expenses amounted to approximately
HK$263.41 million.




52   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



Significant investments
The Group’s investments with value over 5% of value of its total assets are considered as significant
investments. As at 30 June 2025, our significant investments include (i) Grand Pharma Sphere Pte
Limited (“Grand Pharma Sphere”) and (ii) Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company
Limited (“Xudong Haipu”).

Grand Pharma Sphere is the holding company of a group of companies principally engaged in the
R&D, manufacturing and sales of nuclear medicine and tumor intervention products. The Group
effectively owned approximately 57.98% equity interests of it. For the six months ended 30 June
2025, the Group’s share of profit in Grand Pharma Sphere was approximately HK$39.3 million (for
the six months ended 30 June 2024: loss attributable to the Company approximately HK$23.3
million).

Xudong Haipu and its subsidiaries is a group of companies principally engaged in the
manufacturing and sales of pharmaceutical injections of various volumes. The Group effectively
owned 55% equity interests of it. For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group’s share of
profit in Xudong Haipu was approximately HK$42.82 million (for the six months ended 30 June
2024: approximately: HK$46.69 million).

The quote fair value of significant investments in associates is not available, since the significant
associates are private entities and do not have quoted market price. The results and assets and
liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial statements of the Group using
the equity method of accounting.

The Group may consider to make investments in these associates due to different criteria, mainly
including:

1.    Looking for opportunities to enter into new markets and expand product pools. For instance,
      the investment in Grand Pharma Sphere offered an opportunity for the Group to venture
      into the field of nuclear medicine anti-tumor, and investment in other associates may help
      the Group get into other markets like grasp advanced technology and step into the global
      market of cardiovascular interventional medical devices;

2.    Looking for synergy effect to the Group’s existing products and markets. For example,
      Xudong Haipu’s core product line may create synergy with the Group’s preparation
      products, and enrich the Group’s core product pool in the areas of emergency medications
      and cerebro-cardiovascular and respiratory products. It can also strengthen the Group’s
      product quality, market share and brand in those areas; and

3.    Seeking opportunities to cooperate with companies in early R&D stage and obtain the
      commercial rights for products with strong potentials.




                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025   53
Management Discussion and Analysis



For further details of the product R&D and business prospects of these associates, please refer to
the section with heading “Business Review and Prospects” above.

Research and development
The Group has sufficient innovation pipeline. During the Period, there were accumulatively 133
projects under research and 42 innovation projects, which were in different stages from preclinical
to new drug commercialization application. The pipeline layout was reasonable, forming a good
echelon effect.

R&D centers
Currently, the Group is involved in and has established a number of R&D technology platforms and
R&D centers around the world:

In the field of pharmaceutical technology, the International R&D Center in Optics Valley (光谷國際
研發中心) in Wuhan, China is the main R&D body of the Group in the pharmaceutical technology
field in China, providing technical support for the R&D of the Group’s high-end preparation
products; the Glycomics technology platform is located at the R&D center in Australia, focusing on
the development of antiviral drugs; the mRNA technology platform is located in Nanjing, China,
focusing on the development of anti-tumor and anti-infective mRNA drugs, and will further expand
into the fields of rare disease and protein replacement therapy in the future.

In the segment of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, the tumor intervention
technology platform and the RDC technology platform involve the Boston R&D Center in the
United States and the Chengdu Radiopharmaceutical R&D Center in China, respectively.

In the cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment sector, the Group’s
high-end medical device R&D technology platform comprises the International R&D Center in
Optics Valley in Wuhan, the Changzhou Device R&D Center and the Device R&D Center in
Shanghai.

R&D team
As a technology-based innovative pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group has long been committed
to building a high-end innovative R&D talent system to promote the global development of
innovative projects. During the year, the Group, together with its associates, has a total of more
than 620 R&D personnel, of which nearly 430 are master’s degree and doctoral degree holders,
accounting for approximately 69%. All professional leaders and core team members of each
segment have academic background in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while some of whom also
have overseas education or working experience.




54   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



Development of Generic Drugs
During the period under review, the Company obtained drug registration certificates from the
NMPA for its products of compound tropicamide eye drops, phenylephrine hydrochloride
injection, minoxidil topical solution, neostigmine methylsulfate injection, flumazenil injection,
pasireotide aspartate injection, fluticasone propionate nasal spray and eltrombopag ethanolamine
tablets.

Consistency Evaluation
During the period under review, tropicamide compound eye drops, phenylephrine hydrochloride
injection, minoxidil topical solution, neostigmine methylsulfate injection, flumazenil injection,
pasireotide aspartate injection, fluticasone propionate nasal spray, eltrombopag ethanolamine
tablets, aminophylline injection, phentolamine mesylate injection, and metoprolol tartrate injection
were approved or deemed to have passed the consistency evaluation. New applications were
submitted for compound polyethylene glycol (3350) electrolyte oral solution, acetylcysteine
injection, metronidazole gel, fudosteine tablets, terbutaline sulfate inhalation solution, and
diazepam injection. Currently, the Group has a total of 59 products approved or deemed to have
passed the consistency evaluation, with another 18 products under review.

Intellectual Property Protection
During the period under review, the Group had an addition of 30 patent applications. There were
25 new patents being granted, of which 17 were invention patents, accounting for 68%, and 1 new
foreign patent being granted. The Group has accumulated 756 valid patents, of which 468 are valid
invention patents. The Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property
rights in independent innovation projects, with 236 patents in the field of innovation. It has filed 11
new patent applications in innovative fields such as anti-infection, oncology, medical devices, and
mRNA technology platforms, accounting for 36.7% of the group’s total new applications. Among
them, core patents in the anti-infection field have been authorized in China, the United States,
Europe, Japan, South Korea, Israel, Singapore, Australia, and other regions.




                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   55
Management Discussion and Analysis



Commercialization Capability
The Group’s performance continued to improve, and the continuous commercialization of
innovative products and profit contribution cannot be separated from the continuous
improvement of commercialization capabilities. As at the date of this report, the Group had over
5,000 sales personnel, of which more than 4,300 were in the pharmaceutical area (including OTC),
covering more than 50,000 hospitals and primary medical and healthcare institutions in China, of
which more than 13,000 were ranked hospitals. In the OTC area, we had over 1,200 sales personnel
with a reach of more than 280,000 pharmacies in China. The cerebro-cardiovascular precision
interventional diagnosis and treatment segment had a sales team comprising over 160 staff
covering approximately 1,700 hospitals. The nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment
segment has over 600 sales personnel worldwide, with its global sales network covering more than
50 countries and regions. It has also actively carried out the hospital admission and academic
promotion of YiGanTai® Yttrium-90 microsphere injections in China.

International Standard
The Group continues to accelerate the pace of globalization and has a number of independently
operating overseas companies in the fields of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
treatment, cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment, and critical
and severe diseases, etc. The Group has advanced overseas clinical trials of a number of global
innovative products and obtained 8 clinical approvals in five countries, including the United States,
Australia, Belgium, Poland and the United Kingdom, involving a number of indications such as
primary liver cancer and sepsis. Currently, the Group has over 320 employees overseas.

Material Investment, M&A and Cooperation
The Group continued to implement the development strategy of “self-development + global
expansion”, further exploring high-quality innovative projects around the world to expand the
Group’s product pipeline and enhance the Group’s comprehensive strengths and putting vigorous
efforts in transformation towards innovation and internationalization. During the reporting period,
the Group has carried out the following material investment, M&A and cooperation:




56   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                             Management Discussion and Analysis



•   Acquisition of the Remaining Equity Interest in Nanjing Kainite

    In February 2025, Grand Pharmaceuticals (China) Co., Ltd. (“Grand Pharmaceuticals
    (China)”), a subsidiary of the Group, acquired the 30.64% equity interest in Nanjing Kainite
    held by Nanjing Chuangyi Dongyin Equity Investment Partnership (“Nanjing Fund”) and
    Shanghai Hongsheng Enterprise Management Partnership (“Shanghai Hongsheng”) for
    RMB109.3848 million. The equity change registration has now been completed, and the
    Group now holds a 59.91% stake in Nanjing Kainite, making it a non-wholly owned
    subsidiary of the Group. Nanjing Kainite is a key component in the Group’s development of
    an integrated platform for independent R&D, production, and sales of high-end medical
    devices. It undertakes the Group’s core tasks, including innovative R&D, product iteration,
    localized production, and market promotion of its passive device products. This acquisition
    will help realize the Group’s strategic plan for “heart and brain co-treatment” in its
    cardiovascular precision interventional diagnostic and treatment segment, while also
    providing new momentum for the segment’s performance growth.

•   Acquisition of Equity Interest in Qinghai Yixin

    In March 2025, Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Beilin”), a subsidiary of the
    Group, signed an equity acquisition agreement with the original shareholders of Qinghai
    Yixin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Qinghai Yixin”). Pursuant to the agreement, upon
    satisfaction of certain conditions, Xi’an Beilin will acquire 80% of the equity interest in
    Qinghai Yixin for a total consideration of RMB392 million. This acquisition will also grant
    rights to a number of exclusive Chinese patent medicines, including Dan Zhen Headache
    Capsules and Li Shu Kang Capsules. The equity change registration has been completed,
    and Qinghai Yixin has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. Through this
    acquisition, the Group will fully integrate Qinghai Yixin. The two companies’ products
    possess strong synergies, enabling a powerful combination of resources, enriching the
    Group’s product pipeline, further consolidating and enhancing the Group’s overall market
    competitiveness in the field of traditional Chinese medicine for chronic disease treatments,
    and driving the continued growth of the Group’s ENT segment.




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025   57
Management Discussion and Analysis



INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group has been committing to improving its corporate governance to ensure the long-term
development. During the period, the Group published annual reports, annual results
announcements, and other announcements and circulars on the websites of the Company and the
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and issued voluntary announcements, so as to
disclose the latest business developments of the Group to shareholders and investors.

At the same time, the Group actively maintains close communication with investors through
various channels, including securities company roadshows, large-scale telephone conferences,
one-on-one meetings and other diversified communication methods, to introduce the Group’s
business situation, development progress and overseas member companies’ businesses to
investors, and simultaneously releases the latest business updates through different media
channels, aiming to build an open, two-way, transparent and sincere communication platform, so
that investors can keep abreast of the Group’s business progress and development prospects.
During the period, the Group actively communicated with the capital market and investors
through promotional activities such as results announcements and investor open days, and
participated in a number of summits, forums, strategy conferences and special roadshows held by
large investment banks and securities companies, attracting hundreds of institutional investors and
analysts. Through communication with investors, the Group hopes to listen to more valuable
opinions and extensively collect feedback from investors by establishing an active and efficient
information and communication mechanism, so as to further enhance its corporate governance.

The Group’s investor relations management efforts have helped establish a high-quality corporate
image and communicate its core strategy of technological innovation, earning widespread
recognition within the industry across multiple dimensions. In January 2025, the Group’s investor
relations team was awarded the Best Investor Relations Team Award by Huashengtong. “Best
Investor Relations Team Award” in January 2025.




58   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Management Discussion and Analysis



Other Significant Matters
Litigations
With reference to the disclosure in the interim reports of the Company between 2016 to 2025,
Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain
litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is also claiming the original shareholders of
Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the Company. Up to 30
June 2025, the court has concluded 75 cases. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin
Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of RMB40,199,645.99 in
according to the court orders. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group,
and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the
original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such
product incident until 30 June 2015, and Grand Pharma (China) had claimed the original
shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. According
to the final judgment by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should
compensate to us RMB38,571,178.17 as the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the
point of the judgment. After the execution of the enforcement order from the people’s court,
Grand Pharma (China) has got properties and cash at approximately over RMB7.52 million in
aggregate from the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, and the outstanding amount is still
under enforcement processes. Also Grand Pharma (China) has the right to raise litigation claiming
the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for indemnification related to such product quality
incident that Tianjin Jingming may pay in the future. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the
said incident and the related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.

According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have
undertaken to the Group that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales
(only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and shall not include the profit
generated from the sales of irrigating solutions（灌 注 液）) of Tianjin Jingming for the period
commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million
(the “Performance Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group
can claim for a refund of part of the share transfer consideration in according to the formula set
out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The Group raised a litigation
against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial, second
trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It was
concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10,000,000 share transfer consideration
(recovered) deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The
vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11,228,044.48 share transfer
consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of
Tianjin Jingming. Up to now, the case has been applied to the People’s Court for enforcement and
has been accepted. The Group has followed the judgement from the court and got back the
RMB10,000,000 deposited its interest of RMB644,135 in the bank account jointly controlled by the
Group and the vendors.
                                                                                INTERIM REPORT 2025   59
Management Discussion and Analysis



SHARE OPTION SCHEME
As of 30 June 2025, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme, and there were no
outstanding share options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme, and there were no
outstanding share options as of 30 June 2025.

Share Award Scheme
On 1 September 2021, the Company has adopted the Share Award Scheme (the “Scheme”) in
which the Group’s employees, directors or consultants will be entitled to participate. Details of the
Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 1 September 2021.

The Group has paid to the trust established for the Scheme approximately HK$278.56 million, and
including the dividend belongs to the shares acquired previously, the trustee used approximately
HK$268.5 million to purchase 47,761,500 shares of the Company (“Shares”) as part of the trust
fund, and such Shares are held by the trustee for the benefit of the eligible participants under the
trust and are the total number of award shares available for grant under the Scheme, representing
approximately 1.35% of the issued Shares of the Company. Where the trustee has received
instructions from the Group to acquire Shares and necessary funds, the trustee shall acquire such
number of Shares on-market at the prevailing market price as soon as reasonably practicable.

Save for the aforesaid, as at 30 June 2025, the Group did not grand any awards nor caused to pay
the trustee the trust fund for purchase nor subscription of Shares. When any awards were granted
later, the number of Shares to be awarded, award price, vesting criteria and vesting schedule of
awards of each participant will be subject to the applicable Listing Rules and other applicable
regulations by that time, and will inform the participants in the form of an award letter. The Board
shall not make any award of Shares which will result in the aggregate number of the Shares
awarded by the Board under the Scheme exceeding 5% of the number of issued Shares of the
Company as at the adoption date of the Scheme (i.e. 177,478,557 Shares), and the maximum
entitlement of each participant under the Scheme in every 12-months in aggregate shall not
exceed 1% of the issued Shares as at the adoption date of the Scheme (i.e. 35,495,711 Shares).

Purpose of the Scheme
The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise the contributions of the Selected Participants and
provide them with incentives in order to retain them for the continual operation, growth and
development of the Group.




60   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                              Management Discussion and Analysis



Remaining Term of the Scheme
Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme
Rules, the Scheme shall be valid and effective for the Scheme Period, i.e. a term of 10 years
commencing on the Effective Date. As of 30 June 2025, the Scheme has approximately six years
remaining in force.

Purchase, Sale or Redemption of Shares
Except for the trustee of the plan purchasing a total of 17,461,500 shares on the Stock Exchange at
a total consideration of approximately HK$81.24 million in accordance with the rules of the plan
and the terms of the trust deed, during the period ended 30 June 2025, neither the Company nor
any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.

Employees and Remuneration Policy
As at 30 June 2025, the Group employed about 12,440 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the
PRC (31 December 2024: about 11,987). The Group remunerates its employees based on their
performance and experience and their remuneration package will be reviewed periodically by the
management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme, appropriate
training program and share option scheme.

Competing Interest
No Directors or the management shareholders of the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules)
had an interest in a business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

Directors’ Interests in Transaction, Arrangements or Contracts
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, or any of its
holding company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which a director of the
company had a material interest, subsisted as of 30 June 2025 or at any time during the period
ended 30 June 2025.




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   61
Other Information



DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 30 June 2025 the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective
associates had the following interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance
(the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such
provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in
the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
Code”):

Long positions in the shares of the Company:
                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                  percentage of
Name of Directors                                                Number of       the Company’s
and chief executive                                               ordinary               issued
of the Company                     Capacity                     shares held        share capital

Tang Weikun                        Beneficial owner                  900,000                0.03%
Zhou Chao                          Beneficial owner                  407,000                0.01%
Lam Chit Yee Jessica               Beneficial owner                  579,000                0.02%

Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their
spouses or children under eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares,
underlying shares or debentures of the Company, any of its holding company, subsidiaries or
fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
the Listing Rules or required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 or 8 of the SFO.

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 30 June 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the
Company) had an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
which are required to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO, or required to be entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant
to Section 336 of the SFO.



62   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                                                Other Information



Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:
                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                             percentage or
                                                                                                               attributable
                                                       Number of the                                         percentage of
Name of Shareholders                         Notes   shares interested     Nature of interests            shareholding (%)


Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”)          1       1,671,671,149 (L)   Beneficial owner                         47.09 (L)

Grand (Hongkong) International Investments     1       1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled                   47.09 (L)
  Holdings Limited (“Grand Investment”)                                       corporation

China Grand Enterprises Incorporation          1       1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled                   47.09 (L)
  (“China Grand”)                                                             corporation

Shanghai China Grand Asset Finance             2         286,039,153 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest                  8.06 (L)
  Investment Management Co., Limited                                         of controlled
  (“Shanghai Finance”)                                                       corporation

East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong) Limited         2         224,373,091 (L)   Beneficial Owner                           6.32 (L)
  (“East Ocean”)

Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)                     1&2&3     1,999,230,302 (L)   Interest of controlled                   56.32 (L)
                                                                              corporation

Ms. Chau Tung                                1&2&3     1,999,230,302 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest                56.32 (L)
                                                                             in spouse

CDH Giant Health I Limited (“CDH Giant”)       4         306,100,142 (L)   Beneficiary owner                          8.62 (L)

CDH Fund V, L.P. (“CDH Fund”)                  4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                     8.62 (L)
                                                                              corporation

CDH V Holdings Company Limited                 4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                     8.62 (L)
  (“CDH V”)                                                                   corporation

China Diamond Holdings V Limited               4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                     8.62 (L)
  (“China Diamond V”)                                                         corporation

China Diamond Holdings Company                 4         306,100,142 (L)   Interest of controlled                     8.62 (L)
  Limited (“China Diamond”)                                                   corporation



                                                                                                    INTERIM REPORT 2025    63
Other Information



                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage or
                                                                                                                 attributable
                                                           Number of the                                       percentage of
Name of Shareholders                          Notes      shares interested      Nature of interests         shareholding (%)


Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A                     5            179,173,959 (L)   Pledged interests in                    5.05 (L)
                                                                                   shares held

Li Zhenfu                                        5            179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled                  5.05 (L)
                                                                                   corporation

Lion River I N.V.                                5            179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled                  5.05 (L)
                                                                                   corporation

GL Partners Capital Management Ltd.              5            179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled                  5.05 (L)
                                                                                   corporation

(L)       denotes long position

Notes:

1.        Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,671,671,149 Shares. Grand Investment, being wholly-owned by China Grand, held
          99.85% equity interests of Outwit, and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, held the remaining 0.15% equity interests.
          Grand Investment and China Grand are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,671,671,149 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

2.        Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Co., Ltd.（北京遠大華創投資有限公司）, a company wholly owned by Mr. Hu,
          owned 70% of the equity interests of Shanghai Finance. Shanghai Finance is the beneficial owner of 61,666,062 Shares.
          East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanghai Finance, also holds 224,373,091 Shares.
          Shanghai Finance is therefore deemed to be interested in 286,039,153 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

3.        China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also the
          beneficial owner of 41,520,000 Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,999,230,302
          Shares pursuant to the SFO.

4.        CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 306,100,142 shares. CDH Giant is wholly owned by CDH Fund and, therefore, CDH
          Fund is deemed to be interested in the aforementioned 306,100,142 shares under the SFO. CDH Fund is controlled by
          CDH V, which is in turn 80% owned by China Diamond V. China Diamond V is 100% owned by China Diamond.

5.        GL Trade Investment Limited owns 99,438,959 Shares, and GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund SPV LP owns
          79,735,000 Shares.




64       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                                                Other Information



             Lion River I N.V. owns 49% interests of GL Trade Investment Limited and approximately 80.13% interests in GL
             China Long Equity Opportunities Fund SPV LP. Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A owns 100% interests of Lion River I
             N.V. Pursuant to the SFO, these two companies are therefore deemed to be interested in the 179,173,959 Shares.
             GL Partners Capital Management Limited and Li Zhenfu also declare to have the same interests in Shares
             through the control and/or interests in the above companies.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2025, the directors or chief executive of the Company were
not aware of any other person (other than the directors or chief executive of the Company) who
had an interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which would
fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO
or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share
capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other members of
the Group, or any other substantial shareholders whose interests or short positions were recorded
in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as its own code of
conduct for securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific enquiry of the Directors, all
Directors have confirmed their compliance with all the relevant requirements as set out in the
Model Code during the six months ended 30 June 2025.

Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors
The Company has received from each independent non-executive director an annual confirmation
for independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The independent non-executive
directors have confirmed that they are independent.




                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025     65
Other Information



CODE OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Company has complied with all the applicable
code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report (the “CG
Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established the audit committee for the purpose of monitoring the integrity of
the financial statements and reports, and overseeing the financial controls, risk management and
internal control system of the Group. Currently, the audit committee is chaired by independent
non-executive Director Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie and other members including the independent
non-executive Directors Dr. Pei Geng, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Xing Li Na.

The Group’s condensed interim financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2025 are
unaudited but have been reviewed by the audit committee.

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established the remuneration committee to consider the remuneration of all
directors and senior management of the Company. Currently, the remuneration committee is
chaired by independent non-executive Director Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie and other members
including the executive Director Dr. Tang Weikun and independent non-executive Director Mr. Hu
Yebi.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established the nomination committee to assist the Board in the overall
management of the director nomination practices of the Company. Currently, the nomination
committee is chaired by independent non-executive Director Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie and other
members including the executive Director Mr. Zhou Chao and independent non-executive Director
Mr. Hu Yebi.

                                                             By order of the Board
                                                     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                              Dr. Tang Weikun
                                                                  Chairman

Hong Kong, 19 August 2025




66   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                                              Financial Contents



68   Interim Results

68   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

71   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

74   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

75   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

76   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements




                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025   67
INTERIM RESULTS
The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the
“Company”) is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated interim results for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”), together with
comparative figures for the previous period.


CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT
OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the Six Months Ended 30 June 2025

                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025             2024
                                                          Notes      HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

Revenue                                                    3        6,107,323         6,047,236
Cost of sales                                                      (2,507,159)       (2,455,927)

Gross profit                                                        3,600,164         3,591,309
Other gains and losses, net                                           203,578            82,281
Distribution costs                                                 (1,916,285)       (1,611,949)
Administrative expenses                                              (691,751)         (606,203)
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                            174,593           443,749
Share of results of associates                                        57,944            18,816
Finance costs                                                        (80,350)          (86,121)

Profit before tax                                                   1,347,893         1,831,882
Income tax expense                                         4         (174,023)         (244,175)

Profit for the period                                      5        1,173,870         1,587,707




68    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
    Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                   and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                              For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                   Six months ended 30 June
                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                      Notes          HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                                  (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of
   income tax
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to
   profit or loss:
Fair value gains/(losses) of investment in equity
   instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                 24,155               (11,570)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                      (29,212)                2,518

Items that may be reclassified subsequently to
   profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translation of foreign
   operations                                                         421,201                (61,143)

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the period,
  net of income tax                                                   416,144                (70,195)

Total comprehensive income for the period,
  net of income tax                                                 1,590,014             1,517,512


Profit for the period attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                           1,169,019             1,557,945
  – Non-controlling interests                                           4,851                29,762

                                                                    1,173,870             1,587,707




                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025   69
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
and Other Comprehensive Income
For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                          2025             2024
                                            Notes      HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)

Total comprehensive profit for the period
  attributable to:
  –Owners of the Company                              1,589,226        1,483,660
  –Non-controlling interests                                788           33,852

                                                      1,590,014        1,517,512


Dividend                                     6                –                –


Earnings per share                           7
–Basic and diluted (HK cents)                            33.38             44.41




70   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                               Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                 Financial Position
                                                                              As at 30 June 2025


                                                                    30 June      31 December
                                                                       2025              2024
                                                        Notes      HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                (Unaudited)          (Audited)

Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                            8        3,902,180           3,784,285
Right-of-use assets                                                 524,835             481,783
Investment properties                                               179,393             174,356
Interests in associates                                           7,821,966           7,791,030
Equity instruments at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                             272,212             247,724
Goodwill                                                          1,805,285           1,299,741
Intangible assets                                                 2,731,751           2,082,728
Deferred tax assets                                                  38,970              33,456
Prepayments                                                       1,168,887           1,070,540

                                                                18,445,479           16,965,643

Current assets
Inventories                                                       1,416,892           1,370,582
Trade and other receivables                              9        4,750,238           3,454,589
Amounts due from related companies                                   45,140              59,411
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    10       1,330,574           1,799,961
Cash and cash equivalents                                           479,103           1,340,979

                                                                  8,021,947           8,025,522




                                                                          INTERIM REPORT 2025   71
Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 30 June 2025


                                                       30 June   31 December
                                                          2025           2024
                                           Notes      HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                   (Unaudited)       (Audited)

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                    11       3,591,886       2,928,087
Contract liabilities                        11         132,563         242,719
Bank and other borrowings                            2,774,447       3,127,347
Lease liabilities                                        9,502          18,315
Amounts due to related companies                        12,436          13,151
Amounts due to immediate holding company                 2,331           2,331
Income tax payable                                     167,444         241,273

                                                     6,690,609       6,573,223


Net current assets                                   1,331,338       1,452,299


Total assets less current liabilities              19,776,817      18,417,942

Non-current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                            1,790,811       1,256,280
Lease liabilities                                       37,349          40,604
Deferred tax liabilities                               349,370         300,351
Deferred income                                        308,653         295,369

                                                     2,486,183       1,892,604


Net assets                                         17,290,634      16,525,338




72   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                          Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                            Financial Position
                                                                     As at 30 June 2025


                                                           30 June      31 December
                                                              2025              2024
                                               Notes      HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                       (Unaudited)          (Audited)

Share capital and reserves attributable to
  owners of the Company
Share capital                                   12         35,496               35,496
Reserves                                               17,118,340           16,437,714


Equity attributable to owners of the Company           17,153,836           16,473,210
Non-controlling interests                                 136,798               52,128


Total equity                                           17,290,634           16,525,338




                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025   73
Condensed Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
For the six months ended 30 June 2025

                                                   Contribution                                                                                           Equity
                                                          Share                                                                                     attributable
                                                        surplus                Safety                                                                 to owners        Non-
                                Share       Share     premium     Statutory      fund Translation       Other     FVTOCI      Treasury     Retained       of the controlling
                               capital   premium        reserve     reserve   reserve     reserve     reserve     reserve       shares       profits Company interests                Total
                               HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000

At 1 January 2024 (audited)     35,496    6,523,049     121,273     653,043    45,756     (459,765)   (81,686)    (279,173)    (268,503)    8,868,228    15,157,718    112,798    15,270,516
Profit for the period                –            –           –           –         –            –          –            –            –     1,557,945     1,557,945     29,762     1,587,707
Other comprehensive
   income for the period:
Fair value changes in
   financial assets through
   other comprehensive
   income                           –            –            –          –         –             –          –      (11,570)           –             –       (11,570)         –       (11,570)
Share of other
   comprehensive income of
   associates                       –            –            –          –         –             –          –        2,518            –             –         2,518          –         2,518
Exchange difference on
   translation of foreign
   operations                       –            –            –          –         –       (65,233)         –            –            –             –       (65,233)     4,090       (61,143)

Total comprehensive income
   for the period                   –            –            –          –         –       (65,233)         –       (9,052)           –     1,557,945     1,483,660     33,852     1,517,512

Acquisition of subsidiaries         –            –            –           –        –             –          –            –            –             –             –     32,847        32,847
Dividend paid                       –            –            –           –        –             –          –            –            –      (922,888)     (922,888)         –      (922,888)
Transfer                            –            –            –       2,424        –             –          –            –            –        (2,424)            –          –             –

At 30 June 2024 (unaudited)     35,496    6,523,049     121,273     655,467    45,756     (524,998)   (81,686)    (288,225)    (268,503)    9,500,861    15,718,490    179,497    15,897,987


At 1 January 2025 (audited)    35,496    6,523,049     121,273     771,792    48,978     (665,579)    (56,619)   (340,838)    (268,503) 10,304,161 16,473,210           52,128 16,525,338
Profit for the period               –            –           –           –         –            –           –           –            – 1,169,019 1,169,019               4,851 1,173,870
Other comprehensive
   income for the period:
Fair value changes in
   financial assets through
   other comprehensive
   income                            –           –            –          –         –             –          –     24,155              –             –      24,155            –      24,155
Share of other
   comprehensive income
   of associates                     –           –            –          –         –             –          –     (29,212)            –             –      (29,212)          –      (29,212)
Exchange difference on
   translation of foreign
   operations                        –           –            –          –         –     425,264            –            –            –             –     425,264       (4,063)    421,201

Total comprehensive
  income for the period              –           –            –          –         –     425,264            –      (5,057)            –    1,169,019     1,589,226        788     1,590,014

Transfer of contractual put
   options related to
   non-controlling interests         –           –            –          –         –             –     1,871             –            –            –         1,871      (1,935)         (64)
Acquisition of subsidiaries          –           –            –          –         –             –         –             –            –            –             –      85,817       85,817
Dividend paid                        –           –            –          –         –             –         –             –            –     (910,471)     (910,471)          –     (910,471)
Transfer                             –           –            –      2,153         –             –         –             –            –       (2,153)            –           –            –

At 30 June 2025 (unaudited)    35,496    6,523,049     121,273     773,945    48,978     (240,315)    (54,748)   (345,895)    (268,503) 10,560,556 17,153,836          136,798 17,290,634




74            Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                              Condensed Consolidated Statement of
                                                       Cash Flows
                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2025


                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                                 (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

Net cash generated from operating activities                           76,054              226,988

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                            (198,108)            (192,411)
Purchase of intangible assets                                         (50,679)                (206)
Net cash outflow from acquisition of subsidiaries                    (321,591)            (720,292)
Redemption/(acquisition) of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                              (45,079)               16,729
Proceeds from the sale of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                             690,535                      –
Other cash flows arising from investing activities                    16,655                 24,764

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                 91,733             (871,416)

Financing activities
Repayments of bank loans                                           (2,224,793)          (1,659,649)
Proceeds from new borrowings                                        2,308,572            2,872,585
Dividend paid                                                        (910,471)            (922,888)
Interest paid                                                         (74,972)             (86,140)
Other cash flows used in financing activities                         (14,974)             (19,914)

Net cash used in financing activities                                (916,638)             183,994

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                           (748,851)             (460,434)
Cash and cash equivalents at 1 January                             1,340,979             1,339,708
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                             (113,025)             (144,771)

Cash and cash equivalents at 30 June                                 479,103               734,503




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   75
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


1.    BASIS OF PREPARATION
      This consolidated interim financial results has been prepared in accordance with the
      applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
      Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).

      This consolidated interim financial result contains consolidated financial results and selected
      explanatory notes. The notes include an explanation of events and transactions that are
      significant to an understanding of the changes in financial position and performance of the
      Group since the 2024 annual financial statements. This consolidated interim financial results
      and notes thereon do not include all of the information required for full set of financial
      statements prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
      (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).

      The financial information relating to the financial year ended 31 December 2024 included in
      these consolidated interim financial results as being previously reported information does
      not constitute the Company’s statutory financial statements for that financial year but is
      derived from those financial statements. Statutory financial statements for the year ended 31
      December 2024 are available from the Company’s registered office. The auditors have
      expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements in their report dated 12
      March 2025.

      The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the preparation of this interim
      results announcement are consistent with those adopted by the Group in the 2024 annual
      accounts, except for the adoption of new and revised standards with effect from 1 January
      2025 as detailed in note 2 below.

2.    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs
      issued by the HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual
      periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the condensed
      consolidated financial statements:

      Amendments to HKAS 21                          Lack of Exchangeability

      The application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current period has had no material
      impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years
      and/or on the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.




76   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                   Financial Statements


3.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture
     and sales of pharmaceutical technology products, biotechnology products and nuclear
     medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision
     interventional diagnosis and treatment technology products. The Board, being the chief
     operating decision maker of the Group, reviews the operating results of the Group as a
     whole to make decisions about resource allocation. The operation of the Group constitutes
     one single reportable segment under HKFRS 8 and accordingly, no separate segment
     information is prepared.

     The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales
     related taxes.

     Geographical information
     The Group’s operations are mainly located in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
     (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from Americas, Europe and Asia (excluding
     PRC).

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers presented based on
     geographical location of the customers and information about the Group’s non-current
     assets presented based on geographical location of the assets are detailed below:

                                                  Revenue from external customers
                                                     Six months ended 30 June                 Non-current assets
                                                                                             30 June        31 December
                                                          2025                2024              2025                2024
                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                    (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)            (Audited)

     The PRC                                          5,288,940           5,104,854       12,279,966          10,908,461
     Americas                                           373,186             403,336          272,798             290,295
     Europe                                             229,197             275,750                –                   –
     Asia, other than the PRC                           184,721             236,097          102,910              96,410
     Others                                              31,279              27,199                –                   –

     Total                                            6,107,323           6,047,236       12,655,674          11,295,166


     Note:    Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at fair value through other income, deferred tax assets and a
              part of interests in associates.


                                                                                               INTERIM REPORT 2025     77
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


3.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Information about major customers
      For the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024, none of the Group’s revenue from a single
      customer amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.

      Revenue
      Revenue from contracts with customers
                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                                (Unaudited)          (Unaudited)

      Type of goods and services
      Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
        technology products                                       3,845,193            3,772,943
      Sales of biotechnology products                             1,684,387            1,931,540
      Sales of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
        treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision
        interventional diagnosis and
        treatment technology products                               577,743              342,753

      Revenue recognised at point in time                         6,107,323            6,047,236


      Revenue disclosed in segment information
      External customers                                          6,107,323            6,047,236


      Timing of revenue recognition
      At a point in time                                          6,107,323            6,047,236


      All of the Group’s revenue are recognised at point in time upon arrival of carrier designated
      by the customers, or after the customer’s acceptance or upon transfer of control of the
      goods to customer. All of the Group’s revenue is generated in the PRC based on where
      goods are sold. All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by
      practical expedient under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied
      contacts is not disclosed.




78   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                             Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                             Financial Statements


4.   INCOME TAX EXPENSES
     Taxation in the condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income represents:

                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000
                                                               (Unaudited)            (Unaudited)

     Current tax                                                    182,688                242,639
     Deferred tax                                                    (8,665)                 1,536

                                                                    174,023                244,175


     No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial
     statements as the Company did not have any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong
     Profits tax for both periods. Provision on profits assessable elsewhere has been calculated at
     the rate of tax prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing
     legislation, interpretations, and practices in respect thereof.

     Under the Law of the People’s Republic of China on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”)
     and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25%
     from 1 January 2008 onwards.

     According to the relevant PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (the
     “HNTE”) being assessed by relevant government authorities are entitled to a reduced
     Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT”) rate of 15%. Certain subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE
     and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The recognition as a HNTE is subject to review on
     every three years by the relevant government bodies.




                                                                             INTERIM REPORT 2025   79
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


5.    PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD
                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                             (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)

      Profit for the year is stated after charging:

      Staff costs comprises:
        – Wages and salaries                                   1,079,009             877,315
        – Retirement benefits schemes contributions               87,797              69,857

                                                               1,166,806             947,172

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment              179,362             172,174
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         24,789              23,774
      Amortisation of intangible assets                           81,273              53,211

      Total depreciation and amortisation                        285,424             249,159

      Cost of inventories recognised as an expense             2,505,565           2,455,927
      Operating leases rentals in respect of land and
        buildings                                                  3,168              10,327
      R&D costs                                                  278,978             300,677


6.    INTERIM DIVIDEND
      During the six months ended 30 June 2025, the Board declared and paid HK$0.26 per share
      or approximately HK$910.471 million in aggregate as final dividend for the year ended 31
      December 2024 (2024: HK$0.26 per share or approximately HK$910.471 million in
      aggregate).

      No interim dividend has been paid or declared by the Company for the six months ended
      30 June 2025 (six months ended 30 June 2024: Nil).




80   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                   Financial Statements


7.   EARNINGS PER SHARE
     Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity owners of
     the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the
     period, excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Group and held as treasury shares.

                                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                 HK$’000                   HK$’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

     Earnings:
     Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per
       share calculation                                                         1,169,019                  1,557,945


                                                                                     ’000                      ’000
                                                                              (Unaudited)               (Unaudited)

     Number of shares:
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
       the purpose of basic earnings per share
       calculation (Note)                                                        3,501,810                  3,507,754


     Note:

     As at 30 June 2025 and 30 June 2024, treasury shares are deducted from total shares in issue for the purpose of
     calculating earnings per share.

     Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and 2024
     as there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in issue.


8.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the reporting period, the Group incurred approximately HK$198.11 million (for the
     six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$192.41 million) on additions to property, plant and
     equipment.




                                                                                              INTERIM REPORT 2025     81
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


9.    TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Audited)

      Trade receivables, net                                          3,443,165        1,156,903
      Bills receivables                                                 488,535        1,426,011
      Deposits and prepayments                                          531,322          591,333
      Other tax receivables                                             142,006          136,237
      Other receivables, net                                            145,210          144,105

                                                                      4,750,238        3,454,589


      The Group generally allows a credit period of 30 – 180 days to its trade customers. The
      Group does not hold any collaterals over the trade and other receivables. The following is an
      aged analysis of trade receivables presented based on the invoice date at the reporting date.
      The bills receivables were all with maturity within 180 days from the reporting date.

      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                        30 June    31 December
                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                    (Unaudited)        (Audited)

      Within 90 days                                                  2,298,576          974,187
      91-180 days                                                       822,156          136,143
      181-365 days                                                      322,433           46,573

                                                                      3,443,165        1,156,903




82   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                   Financial Statements


10. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                    30 June               31 December
                                                                                       2025                       2024
                                                                                   HK$’000                     HK$’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

    Listed equity security in Hong Kong (note (a))                                     16,166                      9,333
    Listed equity security in Australia (note (a))                                    755,255                  1,294,065
    Investment at fair value (note (b))                                               186,386                    134,262
    Convertible loan (note (c))                                                       372,767                    362,301

                                                                                     1,330,574                 1,799,961

    Notes:

    (a)      Fair value was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

    (b)      As at 30 June 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group’s investments mainly included unlisted fund with fair
             value measured based on valuation carried out by independent valuer.

    (c)      As at 22 August 2023, the Group entered into a convertible loan agreement with Grand Pharma Sphere to make
             available a convertible loan to Grand Pharma Sphere at an aggregate principal amount of US$48,340,000
             (equivalent to approximately HK$386,485,000) with drawndown date on 22 August 2023 and maturity date on
             22 August 2024. The convertible loan bears interest of 7.4% per annum and could be converted into ordinary
             shares of Grand Pharma Sphere with its accrued interest and principal, subject to conditions. For details, please
             refer to announcement dated on 21 August 2023.

             For the year ended 31 December 2024, the convertible loan has been extended to 30 June 2025.




                                                                                                 INTERIM REPORT 2025      83
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


11. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                        30 June                31 December
                                                                                           2025                        2024
                                                                                       HK$’000                      HK$’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)                    (Audited)

      Trade payables                                                                     946,403                          640,885
      Bills payables                                                                     669,499                          576,475
      Accruals and other payables                                                      1,876,921                        1,613,513
      Other tax payables                                                                  99,063                           97,214

                                                                                       3,591,886                        2,928,087

      Contract liabilities (note (a))                                                     132,563                        242,719


     Note:

      (a)     Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods are expected to be settled within one year.


      The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at
      the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                        30 June                31 December
                                                                                           2025                        2024
                                                                                       HK$’000                      HK$’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)                    (Audited)

      Within 90 days                                                                      557,287                        387,730
      Over 90 days                                                                        389,116                        253,155

                                                                                          946,403                        640,885




84   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
                                      Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
                                                      Financial Statements


12. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                            Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each
                                                    30 June 2025                     31 December 2024
                                              Number of                           Number of
                                                  shares          Amount              shares          Amount
                                                    ’000          HK$’000               ’000          HK$’000
                                             (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)         (Audited)         (Audited)

    Authorised:
    Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each          100,000,000        1,000,000        100,000,000         1,000,000


    Issued and fully paid:
    At the beginning and the end
        of the period/year                     3,549,571           35,496          3,549,571            35,496


13. COMMITMENTS
    (a)      Operating lease commitment
             The Group as lessor
             The Group sub-leases certain of its office premises under operating lease
             arrangement. The rental income earned during the period was approximately
             HK$157,000 (For the six months ended 30 June 2024: HK$172,000). The Group had
             future minimum lease receipts from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease
             which fall due as follows:

                                                                         30 June               31 December
                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                        HK$’000                     HK$’000
                                                                     (Unaudited)                   (Audited)

             Within one year                                                    500                      424
             In the second to fifth year inclusive                            1,371                    1,631
             After five years                                                     –                      160

                                                                              1,871                    2,215




                                                                                     INTERIM REPORT 2025    85
Notes to the Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements


13. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
      (b)     Capital commitment
                                                                 30 June        31 December
                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                             (Unaudited)            (Audited)

              Capital expenditure contracted but
                not provided for:
              Acquisition of property, plant
                and equipment                                   1,163,920           2,239,600


14. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      The Group has no significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2025 (31 December 2024:
      Nil).




86   Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited
