ai174194477375_512 Grand Pharma AR24_CR+BK_A01_(25mm)_OP.pdf 1 14/3/2025 5:32 PM




     2024
     年報
                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 年報
Contents
                                                 Pages
Corporate Information                             2
Chairman’s Statement                              3
Corporate Profile                                 7
Financial Summary                                 18
Management Discussion and Analysis                20
Corporate Governance Report                       55
Report of the Directors                           61
Biographical Details of Directors and Senior      72
Management
Independent Auditors’ Report                      74
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and      81
Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      82
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity       84
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              86
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    88
2      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Corporate Information

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                         AUDITORS
Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                  HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Mr. Zhou Chao (CEO)                         Certified Public Accountants
Mr. Yang Guang
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                    LEGAL ADVISERS
                                            As to Bermuda Law:
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                            Conyers & Dill Pearman
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Dr. Xing Li Na                              As to Hong Kong Law:
Dr. Pei Geng                                Loeb & Loeb LLP
Mr. Hu Yebi
                                            PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                            Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor                   Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
                                            Hamilton HM11
AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                  Bermuda

Dr. Tang Weikun
                                            HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor
                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
AUDIT COMMITTEE                             Shops 1712–1716, Hopewell Centre
                                            183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
Dr. Xing Li Na
                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Dr. Pei Geng
Mr. Hu Yebi                                 HSBC
                                            Bank of China
REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                      Bank of Communications

Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)
                                            REGISTERED OFFICE
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica
Dr. Tang Weikun                             Clarendon House, 2 Church Street
Mr. Hu Yebi                                 Hamilton HM11, Bermuda

NOMINATION COMMITTEE                        PRINCIPAL OFFICE
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie (Chairwoman)        Units 3302, The Center
Mr. Zhou Chao (CEO)                         99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Mr. Hu Yebi

WEBSITE
www.grandpharma.cn
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024        3


Chairman’s Statement

INDUSTRY REVIEW
In 2024, China’s domestic pharmaceutical industry has made steady progress amid the period of “deepening systemic reform” and
the “structural adjustment and transformation.” On the one hand, the industry ecosystem is being reshaped due to the sustained
and systematic implementation of Volume-Based Procurement, targeted anti-corruption campaigns in the healthcare sector, and
medical insurance fund rectification initiatives. On the other hand, the unprecedented inclusion of innovative drugs in the
Government Work Report has solidified their strategic priority, unleashing comprehensive policy support across the entire value
chain: from R&D and regulatory approval to hospital access, reimbursement, and investment and financing. This dual paradigm
provides a strong impetus for the growth of the pharmaceutical industry, while placing a greater burden and responsibility and
imposing elevated demands on industry players in terms of innovation capabilities, R&D and production efficiency, management
standards, and commercialization capabilities.

Over the past year, the pharmaceutical industry has demonstrated notable resilience despite the overall macroeconomic
headwinds and the breaking and restructuring of the industry ecosystem. According to the National Bureau of Statistics, in 2024,
the industrial value-added output of above-scale enterprises in China’s pharmaceutical manufacturing sector grew by 3.6% year-
on-year, trailing the broader industrial growth rate yet revealing critical structural advancements. While the domestic
pharmaceutical market is in a critical period of optimizing existing capacity and undergoing payment reforms, domestic innovative
drug R&D has achieved technology leadership in niche therapeutic areas with technological breakthroughs, which shift the
domestic pharmaceutical companies from “fast-follower” to global co-innovation partner. The increasing recognition and
cooperation from multinational pharmaceutical giants has accelerated the globalization of novel drugs. At the same time, cross-
border mergers and acquisitions and collaborative product development have risen, accelerating the resources consolidation in the
industry.

Overall, China’s pharmaceutical industry is steadfastly advancing on a compliance-driven, high-quality development path. Only
through differentiated innovation anchored in clinical value can companies navigate economic cycles and fuel sustainable long-
term growth.

BUSINESS REVIEW
2024 was a pivotal year for Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited, marking a key phase in its steady progress. In the face of rapid
changes within the industry, the Group remained firm in its development beliefs, maintaining strategic focus while navigating an
ever-changing landscape. The Group is unwavering in its commitment to sustaining growth, bolstering innovation, and pursuing
strategic expansion. With innovation-driven development and industrial upgrading as its goals, the Group has concentrated its
efforts on optimizing management to enhance quality and efficiency, refining its specialized operations to unlock product
commercial viability, and fortifying the foundation for long-term resilience through targeted M&A investments.

Building momentum through solid groundwork and achieving tangible results through practical efforts. The Group has
actively advanced its strategic positioning, expanding its business scope while focusing on key areas. In 2024, the Group led several
external investments and introduced numerous innovative products. It successfully acquired strategic control of Duoputai
Pharmaceutical, completed the acquisition of 100% equity in Tianjin Tanabe Seiyaku Co, Ltd. (“Tianjin Tanabe”, now known as
Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.), as well as Nanchang Baiji Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. * (南昌百濟製藥有限公司) (now
known as Grand Jiuhe (Jiangxi) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) and Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.* (江西百安
百煜醫藥科技有限公司) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Baiji Pharmaceutical”), and strengthened its leadership in key
sectors such as cardiovascular and respiratory medicine. The Group strategically introduced the world’s only innovative eye
medication for treating demodex blepharitis and a nasal spray with a novel mechanism for treating dry eye syndrome, adding
potential blockbuster products to the ophthalmic field. Furthermore, the development and construction of the
radiopharmaceutical drug R&D and production base reached its completion, and the second phase of the Xiantao base of Kernel
Bio-tech was successfully finished, further solidifying the Group’s industrial foundation.
4      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Chairman’s Statement

Innovation Drives Development, Perseverance Fuels Progress. The Group is one of only four innovative pharmaceutical
companies worldwide that have successfully achieved the commercial application of innovative radiopharmaceuticals in oncology
treatment. In recent years, the field of radiopharmaceuticals has continued to garner significant attention within the industry, which
was proved by the increasingly emerging of global M&A transactions with value exceeding USD1 billion. In 2024, several
multinational pharmaceutical companies further intensified their investments in the radiopharmaceutical sector, with the total
value of related M&A deals surpassing USD7 billion, underscoring the vast market potential of this domain. In China, the
radiopharmaceutical industry has entered a new phase of development since the release of the Medium and Long-Term
Development Plan for Medical Isotopes (2021-2035) (《醫用同位素中長期發展規劃（2021-2035年）》) in 2021 by the China
Atomic Energy Authority, in collaboration with eight other authorities. According to the Blue Book on the Current Status and Future
Development of China’s Radiopharmaceutical Industry (《中國放射性藥物產業現狀與未來發展藍皮書》) published by Frost &
Sullivan, the Chinese market is projected to reach RMB9.3 billion by 2025. Between 2025 and 2030, the market for
radiopharmaceuticals used in diagnostic imaging and therapeutic applications in China is expected to maintain steady and robust
growth, with a CAGR of 22.7%. By 2030, the market size is anticipated to expand further to RMB26 billion. The pharmaceutical
industry players’ strong interest in radiopharmaceuticals also highlights the forward-thinking and precise strategic vision of the
Group. Since 2018, the Group has accelerated its expansion in the radiopharmaceutical sector, taking a critical step toward global
deployment through the acquisition of Sirtex. In 2020, the acquisition of Beijing Puer Weiye secured us both a radioactive drug
manufacturing license and an operating license. Additionally, we established strategic partnerships with the Jiangsu Institute of
Nuclear Medicine and the Nuclear and Radiation Safety Center of China’s Ministry of Ecology and Environment, creating a
comprehensive radiopharmaceutical industry chain encompassing R&D, production, and regulatory oversight. Through our
collaboration with Telix Pharmaceutical Limited (“Telix”), we introduced a range of radionuclide-drug conjugates (RDCs) targeting
indications such as prostate cancer and brain cancer, forming an integrated “diagnosis and treatment” product portfolio. In 2022,
we partnered with Shandong University to establish the Grand Pharma-Shandong University Radiopharmaceutical Research
Institute（遠大醫藥–山東大學放射藥物研究院）, laying the foundation for an early-stage R&D platform in this field. Through
proactive strategic planning and years of dedicated efforts, the Group has successfully transformed into a leading innovator in
radiopharmaceuticals. At the same time, the Group has actively integrated global resources and overcome technological barriers,
establishing a complete radiopharmaceutical industry chain. With a robust competitive edge in both the depth of our industrial
layout and the breadth of our product pipeline, we have amassed a portfolio of innovative products with considerable
commercialization potential. These achievements have positioned the Group as a global leader in the field of radiopharmaceuticals
for oncology diagnosis and treatment. In respect of our core products, the Yigan Tai® Yttrium-90 (Y[90Y]) Microsphere Injection has
demonstrated rapid adoption since its approval for commercialization in China, treating over nearly 2,000 patients till the end of
2024, and generating approximately HK$500 million in sales in 2024, with a year-on-year increase exceeding 140%. Three RDC
candidates are advancing through Phase III clinical trials, including TLX591-CDx for prostate cancer diagnosis, which is expected to
complete Phase III clinical trials this year. Leveraging its exceptional clinical diagnostic advantages, TLX591-CDx has already
achieved USD700 million in overseas sales within two years post-launch. Our key strategic partner, Telix, recently saw its share price
exceed AUD30 per share, pushing its market capitalization beyond AUD10 billion. Additionally, TLX250-CDx, an RDC drug for
diagnosing clear cell renal cell carcinoma, has had its new drug application submitted to the FDA, which has accepted it and
granted priority review. This product is undergoing Phase III trials in China, it has significant potential to become a new standard for
accurate and non-invasive diagnosis of kidney cancer.

In the ENT sector, the Group steadfastly regards the development of innovative ophthalmic drugs as a key strategic priority. We
remain focused on advancing innovative eye medications, adhering to a specialized development pathway to enhance its industry
standing and market competitiveness. Through years of dedicated innovation, the Group has established a product system of
innovative drugs characterized by “specialization, comprehensiveness, and diversity.”. We have built a robust pipeline of globally
innovative products addressing clear clinical needs, achieving significant progress in research and development. The innovative
improved new drug CBT-001 for the treatment of pterygium has completed the first patient enrollment and administration in the
phase III clinical study conducted in China; the Phase III clinical trial of GPN00833, a hormone nanosuspension eye drop for post-
surgical anti-inflammatory and analgesic management conducted in China has completed and has successfully met clinical
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024        5


Chairman’s Statement

endpoint; NDA for the global innovative ophthalmic product GPN01768 (TP-03, lotilaner ophthalmic solution, 0.25%) for the
treatment of Demodex blepharitis has been submitted to the NMPA and formally accepted. At the same time, the Group continues
to expand its industrial footprint through strategic collaborations with LianBio Development (HK) Limited and Tarsus
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Tarsus”), and Corxel Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong Limited (“Corxel”) during the Year. These collaborations
have enriched our portfolio with several globally innovative products, including varenicline tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”), the
world’s first and only approved preservative-free, multi-dose, sterile nasal spray for the treatment of mild, moderate, and severe dry
eye disease, thereby further strengthening our pipeline in the specialized field of innovative ophthalmic drugs. According to the
“Research Report on the Ophthalmic Drug Market Development Status and Future Trends (《眼科藥物市場發展現況與未來趨勢
研究報告》)” published by Frost & Sullivan, the Chinese ophthalmic drug market is projected to reach RMB44 billion by 2025 and
RMB116.6 billion by 2030, with a CAGR of approximately 19.8%. Against the backdrop of this expanding market, our differentiated
and innovative business strategy positions the Group with a distinct competitive edge. The phased introduction of innovative
products is expected to continuously fuel the Group’s growth, reinforcing our leadership in the innovative ophthalmic drug sector.

Moreover, in the respiratory and critical and severe care sector, our global innovative product STC3141, used for treating severe
diseases such as sepsis, has successfully completed patient enrollment and dosing for all subjects in its domestic Phase II clinical
trials. The Ryaltris® Combination Nasal Spray has had its new drug application accepted by the National Medical Products
Administration of the People’s Republic of China (“NMPA”), with the expectation of benefiting patients in the near future. In the
cerebro-cardiovascular emergency sector, the first prescriptions for Eplerenone and Carvedilol have been dispensed, with the
former successfully included in the 2024 National Reimbursement Drug List, enhancing patient access. In the cardiovascular and
cerebrovascular precision intervention sector, the first domestically produced adjustable intracranial thrombectomy stent has been
approved for commercialization. The globally innovative NOVASIGHTTM intravascular dual-mode imaging system has successfully
completed technology transfer and full localizaiton. Moreover, the mRNA vaccine ARC01, designed to treat HPV16-positive solid
tumors, has been approved to commence Phase I clinical trials in China. This marks the first clinical approval in China for an mRNA
vaccine targeting HPV-positive tumors.

Responsibility Embodies Purpose, Action Delivers Benefit. The Group is fully dedicated to ESG (Environmental, Social, and
Governance) principles, advancing intensive development, green pharmaceutical manufacturing, and low-carbon operations to
protect ecosystems. We organize free medical consultation activities, contributing to the decentralization of high-quality medical
resources to grassroots communities. Additionally, the Group vigorously promotes innovative treatment technologies, overcoming
geographical and informational barriers to bring hope to patients, thereby demonstrating the responsibility and commitment of a
pharmaceutical enterprise through tangible actions.

PROSPECTS
In 2025, China’s pharmaceutical sector will navigate a landscape defined by “regulatory rigor, innovation breakthroughs, and
accelerated globalization” amid policy reforms and international competition and collaboration. From a long-term perspective, the
pharmaceutical industry is poised for steady and substantial development. On the demand side, the expansion and
decentralization of high-quality medical resources, along with the accelerated construction of county-level medical community
systems, will release medical demand at the grassroots level. The updated National Reimbursement Drug List, which eased usage
restrictions, will speed up hospital access for drugs. Simultaneously, the rapid rise of online healthcare will drive a robust growth in
online drug purchases. On the payment side, the National Healthcare Security Administration (NHSA) will actively guide and
support commercial health insurance. The introduction of a new Category C in the medical insurance catalog will further broaden
and deepen coverage for innovative drugs, creating additional payment increments. From an R&D and innovation perspective, the
continued loosening of global monetary policies is expected to foster a sustained recovery in investment and financing in the
pharmaceutical sector. At the same time, the expansion of international markets and cross-border licensing deals will reinvigorate
R&D investment and foster upgraded cooperation. The ongoing optimization of the review and approval system will boost the
efficiency of pharmaceutical innovation and R&D.
6       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Chairman’s Statement

The global pharmaceutical industry is currently at a pivotal moment of accelerated transformation, with new technologies and
therapies evolving rapidly, presenting both opportunities and challenges. By leveraging key strengths including high execution
efficiency, cost-effective trials, vast patient pools and streamlined approvals, China’s pharmaceutical innovation capabilities are
ascending. The Group will remain steadfast in pursuing high-quality development, centered on “in-depth innovation,” “global
reach,” and “social responsibility.” In terms of R&D technology, we will innovate with a more inward focus, striving to become a
pharmaceutical enterprise respected by both doctors and patients and contributing to society. The Group will persist in addressing
unmet clinical needs, prioritize product excellence, and reinforce our long-term resilience through relentless innovation,
collaboration, and R&D.

In the coming year, the Group will further solidify its achievements in innovative transformation across key sectors such as nuclear
medicine, respiratory and critical care, ophthalmology, and cardiovascular precision intervention. We will accelerate clinical research
and product commercialization, enhance R&D capabilities through partnerships with leading domestic and international medical
institutions, and strengthen our R&D team and platform infrastructure. In 2025, with the expansion of hospital access, physician
training, and the remarkable clinical benefits realized, Yigan Tai® Yttrium-90 (Y[90Y]) Microsphere Injection is poised for further rapid
growth, benefiting more patients. The top-tier radionuclide R&D and production platform located in Wenjiang, Chengdu, is
projected to be completed this year, creating an integrated nuclear medicine industry chain spanning R&D, production, and
operations, advancing localization efforts significantly. In the respiratory and critical and severe care sector, the domestic Phase II
clinical trials of STC3141 for sepsis are expected to obtain preliminary results in the first half of 2025. In the ENT sector, the
Company is poised to achieve transformative growth in innovative ocular therapeutics, targeting unmet medical needs across post-
surgical anti-inflammatory management, pterygium treatment, dry eye treatment and myopia prevention. Multiple innovative
products are anticipated to reach critical R&D milestones, while accelerated commercialization of the first-in-class next-generation
dry eye therapy will drive rapid market penetration. This dual-engine strategy of “synergizing breakthrough R&D with robust
commercialization” heralds a new era of sustained quality-driven expansion of our innovative ophthalmic drugs business. In the
cardiovascular precision intervention sector, the Company has developed a highly competitive portfolio of high-end medical
devices and successfully launched several products. Moving forward, the Group will continue to focus on access management,
structural heart disease, and heart failure, strengthening collaborative development, optimizing product structures, and improving
resource allocation to enhance the synergy within its product pipeline. In the biotechnology sector, with synthetic biology at its
core, the Group will concentrate on technological improvements to improve quality and efficiency, diversify amino acid
developments and formulations, and expand overseas channels, so as to deliver steady performance growth of the Group.

Global Vision, Health First. The Group has consistently devoted itself to advancing the life and health sector, focusing on cutting-
edge technologies and differentiated development paths. Guided by the principles of “integrated strengths, innovation leadership,
and global expansion”, the Group is deeply committed to its dual-engine strategy of “independent R&D + global expansion”. By
strictly adhering to industry standards and regulations and with a focus on high-quality development, the Group will continue to
support the pharmaceutical industry’s growth, safeguard human health, and work together to create a vibrant future for the
pharmaceutical and healthcare industries.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to every shareholder, board member, partner, management and staff for their great
support and contribution.



                                                                                                                  Dr. Tang Weikun
                                                                                                                      Chairman
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024       7


Corporate Profile

GROUP POSITIONING
The Group is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. Its core businesses cover three major areas,
namely nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment technology, pharmaceutical technology and biotechnology. Based on the pharmaceutical and biological industries, the
Group focuses on the needs of patients, and take technological innovation as the driving force. In response to the unmet clinical
needs, the Group will increase its investment in global innovative products and advanced technologies, enrich and improve its
product pipelines, consolidate and strengthen its industrial chain layout, and fully leverage the Group’s industrial strengths and
R&D capabilities to provide more advanced and diverse treatment solutions to patients worldwide.

With unremitting efforts in recent years, the Group has laid a more solid foundation for development, consolidated its operation
scale, gradually optimized its business structure, continued to improve its operation mode, accelerated its pace of transformation
and upgrading, and made various achievements in innovative layout. The Group’s profitability continues to improve and help
facilitate R&D and innovation; its good ability in mergers and acquisitions and integration continues to consolidate the scale of
development; the integration of raw materials and preparations improves the structure of the industrial chain; and the
diversification of business and entities has effectively enhanced the comprehensive advantages.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and strategic planning”, the Group will stick with the development concept of
“comprehensive strengths, innovation leading and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of
independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”, the Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international
cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological
innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.
8       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT




          147
                                                         Approximately

           Projects
                                                     HK$2.27          billion
                                                       investment in R&D
                                                                                                                 9
                                                                                                           R&D centers
        under research
                                                        and new projects




                               Achieved 63
                                  significant
                                                                                       5
                                                                                  Technology
                                  milesontes                                       platforms



OVERVIEW OF 147 R&D PROJECTS                                    OVERVIEW OF 47 INNOVATIVE PROJECTS BY
                                                                THERAPEUTIC AREAS

                                                                       Nuclear medicine anti-tumor      Cerebro-cardiovascular
    Innovation projects                                                diagnosis and treatment          precision interventional
    47, 32%                                                            14, 30%                         diagnosis and treatment
                                                                                                                    12, 26%
                                                                    Others
                                                                    3, 6%


                                                                    2, 4%
                                                                    Tumor


                                                                    7, 15%
                                                                    ENT




                                     100, 68%                       2, 4%                                             7, 15%
                             Generic drug projects                  Cerebro-cardiovascular                       Respiratory and
                                        and others                  emergency                        critical and severe diseases
                                                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024                       9


Corporate Profile

INNOVATIVE PRODUCT PIPELINE STRATEGIC PLAN
As of 12 March 2025, the R&D progress of the Group’s innovative product pipelines is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                          R&D progress
     Field            Sector                     Direction                          Product                      Indication                        IND/Model                                            NDA/
                                                                                                                                       Preclinical              Phase I     Phase II     Phase III                  Launch
                                                                                                                                                   Inspection                                        Registration

                                                                              GPN00136（BRM421）                     Dry eye
                                                                              GPN00153（CBT-001）                  Pterygium
                                                                                                           Anti-inflammatory and
                                                                                   GPN00833
                                                                                                                  analgesic
                        ENT                   Ophthalmology
                                                                                                           Demodex blepharitis
                                                                                      TP-03
                                                                                                         Meibomian Gland Disease
 Pharmaceutical
  Technology                                                                                              Myopia prevention and
                                                                                   GPN00884
                                                                                                                 control
                                                Respiratory                          Ryaltris                  Allergic rhinitis
                  Respiratory and
                                                                                    STC3141                         Sepsis
                  severe disease               Severe disease
                                                                                      APAD                          Sepsis
                                                                                                           HPV-16 positive solid
                  mRNA platform                    Tumor                          ARC01（A002）
                                                                                                                 tumors
                                                                            Y-90 microsphere injection      Primary liver cancer
                                                                            Thermosensitive embolic       Vascular-rich solid organ
                                                                                agent product                      tumors
                                         Interventional treatment
                                                                                                          Cerebral arteriovenous
                                                                                      Kona
                                                                                                              malformations
                                                                                    AuroLase                  Prostate cancer
                                                                                     TLX591
                                                                                                              Prostate cancer
                                                                            （177Lu-rosapatumab）
                                                                                 TLX591-CDx
                     Nuclear                                                                             Prostate cancer–diagnosis
                                                                               （68Ga-PSMA-11）
 Technologies on medicine and                                                      TLX250                    Clear cell renal cell
nuclear medicine anti-tumor                                                 （177Lu-girentuximab）                 carcinoma
  and anti-tumor diagnosis and
                   treatment                                                     TLX250-CDx                 Clear cell renal cell
   diagnosis and
                                       Radionuclide-drug conjugate           （89Zr-girentuximab）           carcinoma - diagnosis
treatment as well
                                                  (RDC)                         TLX101（131I-IPA）                Glioblastoma
    as cerebro-
  cardiovascular                                                                                          Gastroenteropancreatic
      precision                                                                     TOCscan®                  neuroendocrine
  interventional                                                                                             tumor–diagnosis
   diagnosis and                                                                                          Gastroenteropancreatic
                                                                                     ITM-11
     treatment                                                                                            neuroendocrine tumor
                                                                                                          Malignant tumor bone
                                                                                     ITM-41
                                                                                                                 metastases
                                                          Peripheral                  aXess                     Hemodialysis
                                                           vascular
                  Cerebrocardiovascular     Access                               LEGFLOW DCB             Peripheral vascular disease
                                                         intervention
                         precision       management
                                                           Neurointer-
                      interventional                                                  DCB                   Intracranial stenosis
                                                             vention
                      diagnosis and
                                        Structural heart Structural heart
                        treatment                                                    Saturn                 Mitral regurgitation
                                            disease          disease
                                      Heart failure      Heart failure              CoRisma                     Heart failure



     Mainland China                             Overseas
10     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

MAJOR EVENTS
As of this report, the Group’s major product development and corporate development are as follows:

                      ●   ITM-11, a global innovative RDC drug of the Group for the treatment of gastroenteropancreatic
     DECEMBER             neuroendocrine tumors, was officially approved by NMPA to commence Phase III clinical study
                          (COMPETE bridging study) conducted in China.
                      ●   GPN00289, the Group’s global innovative temperature sensitive embolic agent product, has completed
                          first patient’s enrollment in the registration clinical study for transcatheter arterial chemoembolization
                          for primary liver cancer conducted in China.
                      ●   The Group submitted a new drug application (NDA) for the global innovative ophthalmic drug
                          GPN01768 (TP-03, lotilaner ophthalmic solution, 0.25%) to NMPA which is indicated for the treatment of
                          Demodex blepharitis and got accepted.
                      ●   The Group’s global innovative drug STC3141’s Phase II clinical study for the treatment of sepsis in China
                          completed the enrollment and administration of all patient.
                      ●   NOVASYNC HYBRID SYSTEMTM, the Group’s global innovative intravascular dual-mode imaging system
                          for coronary artery imaging, was granted registration certificate for medical device by NMPA.
                          NOVASYNCTM is the domestically produced iteration of NOVASIGHT HYBRID SYSTEMTM, an intravascular
                          dual-mode imaging device imported by the Group. The approval of this product signifies that the Group
                          has successfully completed the technology transfer and full localization of NOVASIGHTTM.
                      ●   The Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement for product introduction with Corxel
                          Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong Limited, laid out the exclusive development and commercialization rights
                          in Greater China Region of varenicline tartrate nasal spray (OC-01), the world’s first innovative product
                          for the treatment of dry eye, and OC-02 (Simpinicline) nasal spray (OC-02).

                      ● The Group’s global innovative RDC drug TLX250-CDx for the diagnosis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma
     NOVEMBER           completed the first patient enrolment and administration in China phase III clinical study.
                      ● the Phase III clinical trial of GPN00833, an anti-inflammatory and analgesic hormone nanosuspension
                        eye drop after ophthalmology surgery of the Group, conducted in China has completed and has
                        successfully met clinical endpoint.

                      ● The adjustable intracranial stent retriever product (Luci) for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke,
     OCTOBER            which is jointly developed by the Group and its associated company Nanjing Kainite Medical
                        Technology Company Limited*（南 京 凱 尼 特 醫 療 技 術 有 限 公 司）, has been granted registration
                        certificate for medical device by NMPA.
                      ● ITM-11, a global innovative RDC drug of the Group for the treatment of gastroenteropancreatic
                        neuroendocrine tumors, was officially accepted by NMPA to commence Phase III clinical trial (COMPETE
                        bridging study) conducted in China.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      11


Corporate Profile


             ● The Group has acquired 100% equity of Tianjin Tanabe for a total consideration of approximately
    JULY       RMB486 million, rapidly entering into the chronic disease market, achieving the Group’s full coverage in
               the field of cerebro-cardiovascular disease treatment, from emergency rescue to chronic disease
               management, from injection preparations to oral preparations. It has also significantly expanded and
               improved the product portfolio of the Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular segment.
             ● The Group has acquired 100% equity of Baiji Pharmaceutical for approximately RMB260 million,
               becoming one of the enterprises with the most comprehensive product pipeline for the treatment of
               allergic rhinitis in China and owning a technologically leading nasal spray preparations platform in
               China. And Baiji Pharmaceutical’s products will form a product portfolio with the Group’s Ryaltris®
               Compound Nasal Spray to fully meet the medication needs of patients with mild, moderate and severe
               allergic rhinitis.

    JUNE     ●   The Group’s Phase I clinical study in China for GPN00884, a globally innovative ophthalmic drug used to
                 delay the progression of myopia in children, completed the enrollment of the first patient.

             ● The Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement for product introduction with LianBio
   MARCH       Development (HK) Limited and Tarsus, acquiring the exclusive development, production and
               commercialization rights in Greater China Region for GPN01768 (TP-03), a global innovative ophthalmic
               preparation for the treatment of Demodex blepharitis and Meibomian Gland Disease with Demodex
               Mites (“MGD”) in patients with Demodex mites with an upfront payment of USD15 million and a certain
               amount of registration milestone fees.
             ● ITM-11, a global innovative RDC drug of the Group for the treatment of gastroenteropancreatic
               neuroendocrine tumors, was officially approved by NMPA to commence Phase III clinical study.
             ● The Group’s IND application in China for GPN00884, a globally innovative ophthalmic drug used to delay
               the progression of myopia in children, was approved by NMPA.
             ● The Group’s partner in ophthalmology, Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. received FDA approval for its NDA
               application for GPN00833 (APP13007), a hormone nano-suspension eye drops for anti-inflammatory and
               pain relief after ophthalmology surgery.

  FEBRUARY
             ●   The NDA application of Ryaltris® compound nasal spray, the Group’s globally innovative product for the
                 treatment of allergic rhinitis in adults and children, was accepted by NMPA.

             ●   The Group’s IND application of ARC01 (A002), a therapeutic tumor vaccine for HPV-16-positive late-stage
  JANUARY        unresectable or recurrent/metastatic solid tumors, was approved by NMPA.
12     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

THE GLOBAL LAYOUT OF THE GROUP


     Cardionovum GmbH
     ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE
     GERMANY                                                                  Cloudbreak Bio-Pharmaceutical Science
                                                                              and Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Chongqing AnTi New Bio-technology
     eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV                 XELTIS AG                     Limited
     BELGIUM                                    HOLLAND                       Formosa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                                                                              Corxel Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong
                                                                              Limited
     Conavi Medical Inc.                              ALK-Abelló A/S          Shanghai LianBio Development Co., Ltd.
     CANADA                                           DENMARK                 CHINA




                                            ITALY                    INDIA
                                            InnovHeart S.r.l         Glenmark Specialty S.A.
     AMERICA
     Sirtex Medical US Holdings, Inc.       AUSTRALIA
     CardioFocus, Inc.                      Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd
     Nanospectra Biosciences, Inc.          Gri˜th University
     CoRISMA MCS Systems, Inc.              The Australian National University
     FastWave Medical Inc.                  Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited
     BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.               Grand Medical Pty Ltd
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024     13


Corporate Profile

SUBSIDIARIES
The Group’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest                    Positioning and functions


Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                             Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.18%                       Manufacture of pharmaceutical raw materials
Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd. 97.67%                                 Research and development, manufacture and sales of amino
                                                                    acid series products
Hubei Grand Life Science & Technology Co., Ltd. 97.43%            Research and development, manufacture and sales of taurine
                                                                    products
Hubei Grand Biotechnology Co., Ltd. 65.04%                        Research and development, manufacture and sales of amino
                                                                    acid series products
Hubei Grand Fuchi Pharmaceutical & Chemicals Co., Ltd. 89.60%     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    agrochemicals, fine chemicals and chemical medicine
Hubei Grand EBE Pharmaceutical Company Limited 99.84%             Manufacture and sales of ophthalmic pharmaceutical
                                                                    products
Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. 91.56%                            Research and development, manufacture and sales of bio-
                                                                    technology products series
Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                    Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical Huangshi Feiyun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
59.90%                                                              pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Grandpharma Group Sales Co., Ltd. 99.84%                    Sales of pharmaceutical products
Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 71.88%                    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%               Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. 73.18%      Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Zhu Hai Cardionovum Medical Device Co. Ltd. 77.98%                Sales of medical devices
Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 99.84%                      Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Wuhan Wuyao Technology Co., Ltd. 99.84%                           Research and development
Grand Medical Pty Ltd 100%                                        Research and development
Hubei Bafeng Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals Share Co., Ltd. 99.84%   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. 74.88%                          Research and development
BlackSwan Vascular, Inc. 87.5%                                    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Chongqing Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. 89.86%     Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Grand Jiuhe (Jiangxi) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 96.84%             Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. 96.84%    Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. 99.84%                   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                                    pharmaceutical products
14     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile

The principal associates of the Group are as follows:

Company name and percentage of equity interest          Positioning and functions


Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd 57.98%                           Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                          pharmaceutical product
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. 55.00%   Research and development, manufacture and sales of
                                                          pharmaceutical product
Cardionovum GmbH 33.33%                                 Research and development, manufacture and sales of devices
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   15


Corporate Profile

DEFINITIONS
During the Year, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below:

“AF”                          Atrial Fibrillation

“AR”                          Allergic Rhinitis

“APERTO® OTW”                 Paclitaxel Releasing Hemodialysis Shunt Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“ARDS”                        Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome

“ccRCC”                       Clear cell renal cell carcinoma

“COVID-19”                    2019 novel coronavirus disease

“EMA”                         European Medicines Agency

“FDA”                         United States Food and Drug Administration

“GABA-C1”                     Gamma-aminobutyric acid-gated chloride channels

“GEP-NETs”                    Gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors

“Grand Pharma Sphere”         Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited

“HPV-16”                      Human papillomavirus type 16

“ICS”                         Inhaled Glucocorticoid

“IND”                         Investigational New Drug Application

“ITM SE”                      ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE

“IVUS”                        Intravascular ultrasound

“LABA”                        Long-acting β2 agonist

“LAMA”                        Long-acting muscarinic antagonist

“LEGFLOW® OTW”                Paclitaxel Releasing Peripheral Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“LNP”                         Liposomal nanoparticles
16         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Profile


“MR”                             Mineralocorticoid receptor

“MRA”                            Mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist

“mRNA”                           messenger RNA

“NDA”                            New drug application

“NMPA”                           National Medical Products Administration

“NovasightTM”                    Novasight Hybrid SystemTM

“NovasyncTM”                     Novasync Hybrid SystemTM

“OC-01”                          Varenicline Tartrate Nasal Spray

“OC-02”                          OC-02 (Simpinicline) Nasal Spray

“OCT”                            Optical coherence tomography

“PCI”                            Percutaneous coronary intervention

“Ryaltris®”                      GSP 301 NS

“RDC”                            Radionuclide-drug conjugate

“RESTORE DEB®”                   Paclitaxel Releasing Coronary Balloon Dilatation Catheter

“SARS-CoV-2”                     COVID-19 virus

“Sirtex”                         Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd

“Tarsus”                         Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

“Telix”                          Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited

“Baiji Pharmaceutical”           Nanchang Baiji Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.（南昌百濟製藥有限公司）(now known as Grand Jiuhe
                                 (Jiangxi) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.) and Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.（江西
                                 百安百煜醫藥科技有限公司）

“Greater Bay Area”               The Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   17


Corporate Profile


“Greater China Region”       Mainland China, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macao Special
                             Administrative Region of the PRC, Taiwan of the PRC

“Duoputai Technology”        Chongqing Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.

“Duoputai Pharmaceutical”    Chongqing Duoputai Pharmaceutical Co., LTD.

“Ruijin-Hainan Hospital”    Ruijin-Hainan Hospital Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine (Boao Research Hospital)
                            （上海交通大學醫學院附屬瑞金醫院海南醫院暨博鰲研究型醫院）

“Tianjin Jingming”           Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd.

“Tianjin Tanabe”             Tianjin Tanabe Seiyaku Co., Ltd. (now known as Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.)

“MTPC”                       Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation

“WMU”                        WenZhou Medical University

“Xi’an Beilin”               Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.

“Xudong Haipu”               Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited

“Grand Pharm (China)”        Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd., a company incorporated in the PRC, being a subsidiary of the
                             Company owned as to 99.84%
18       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Financial Summary

RESULTS
                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                2024        2023             2022           2021          2020
                                              HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


Revenue                                 11,644,892      10,529,590      9,562,285        8,597,975     6,352,919
Profit before tax                        2,852,363       2,344,197      2,516,893        2,785,832     2,073,583
Income tax                                (386,304)       (448,755)      (418,642)        (380,800)     (292,374)

Profit for the year                       2,466,059      1,895,442      2,098,251        2,405,032     1,781,209


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                2024        2023             2022           2021          2020
                                              HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


Total assets                            24,991,165      22,515,326     22,371,061       21,057,030    16,984,345
Total liabilities                       (8,465,827)     (7,244,810)    (8,162,401)      (7,614,168)   (5,640,136)

Net assets                              16,525,338      15,270,516     14,208,660       13,442,862    11,344,209
                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   19


Financial Summary

Revenue growth
Table 1.1



                                        CAGR:
 Unit: HK$ million
                     14000


                     12000
                                          12%                                    11,645
                                                                        10,530
                                                      9,562
                     10000
                                            8,598

                     8000    6,353

                     6000


                     4000


                     2000

                        0
                             2020           2021       2022              2023      2024




Increase rate of net profit attributable to the owners of the Company
Table 1.2




                                    CAGR:
 Unit: HK$ million
                      3000

                                    17%     2,403                                 2,468
                     2500

                                                       2,079
                     2000    1,793                                      1,880


                     1500


                     1000


                      500


                        0
                             2020           2021       2022              2023      2024
20     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

GROUP POSITIONING
The Group is an international pharmaceutical company of technological innovation. Its core businesses cover three major areas,
namely nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment technology, pharmaceutical technology and biotechnology. Based on the pharmaceutical and biological industries, the
Group focuses on the needs of patients, and take technological innovation as the driving force. In response to the unmet clinical
needs, the Group will increase its investment in global innovative products and advanced technologies, enrich and improve its
product pipelines, consolidate and strengthen its industrial chain layout, and fully leverage the Group’s industrial strengths and
R&D capabilities to provide more advanced and diverse treatment solutions to patients worldwide.

With unremitting efforts in recent years, the Group has laid a more solid foundation for development, consolidated its operation
scale, gradually optimized its business structure, continued to improve its operation mode, accelerated its pace of transformation
and upgrading, and made various achievements in innovative layout. The Group’s profitability continues to improve and help
facilitate R&D and innovation; its good ability in mergers and acquisitions and integration continues to consolidate the scale of
development; the integration of raw materials and preparations improves the structure of the industrial chain; and the
diversification of business and entities has effectively enhanced the comprehensive advantages.

“Maintain stable growth, strive in innovation and strategic planning”, the Group will stick with the development concept of
“comprehensive strengths, innovation leading and global expansion” and the strategy of “dual-wheel driving development of
independent R&D, global expansion and dual-cycle operation”. The Group has formed a new pattern of domestic and international
cycles that synergize with each other, and is committed to becoming an international pharmaceutical company of technological
innovation, delivering on its promises for doctors and patients, and making significant contribution to the society.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
During 2024 up to the date of this report, the Group had a total of 63 significant milestones, including 23 innovative products, 17
generic products, and 3 functional food; 11 raw material product certifications; 5 investment projects for products and industry
layout; and 4 major construction projects. In addition, the Group has added 14 new commercialized products this year, including 1
new urothelial carcinoma early detection product in the nuclear medicine anti-tumor segment, namely Uroi®; 5 new products in
cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment segment, namely Luci® which is the first adjustable
intracranial stent retriever product produced in China, NOVASYNC™ which is a domestic-produced intravascular dual-mode
imaging system for coronary artery imaging, Iberis™ which is a multi-electrode renal artery radiofrequency ablation catheter system,
DEEPQUAKE™ which is a domestic-produced peripheral shock wave system, and NeoNova ® which is a domestic-produced
transcatheter mitral clip system; 1 new product in the respiratory and critical and severe disease segment, Budesonide Nasal Spray;
2 new products in the ENT segment, the Maixuekang series and varenicline tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”); and 5 new products in
the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment, namely Herbesser（合貝爽®╱合心爽®) series, Anplag®, Limetone® eplerenone
tablets（力美通®依普利酮片）and Runmo Delin® treprostinil injection. These products will lay the foundation for the Group’s
subsequent performance growth. Meanwhile, the Group’s nuclear medicine anti-tumor segment’s Yttrium-90 microsphere
injections and liquid embolic agent Lava™, the respiratory and critical and severe diseases segment’s Enerzair® Breezhaler®, Atectura®
Breezhaler® and Budesonide Nasal Spray, and the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment’s Nengqilang® Coenzyme Q10 Tablets
have entered a rapid volume growth phase, successfully contributing to the update and iteration of the Group’s product portfolio
and becoming a new driving force for the Group’s steady performance growth.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       21


Management Discussion and Analysis

Innovative products
Nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment:

–      The innovative nuclear medicine product TLX250-CDx for the diagnosis of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (“ccRCC”) has
       completed phase I clinical study in China and met clinical endpoint. The confirmatory clinical study has been conducted for
       this product and the first patient enrollment and dosing was completed;
–      The innovative nuclear medicine product ITM-11 has submitted an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application for the
       Phase III clinical study (“COMPOSE Study”) for the treatment of well-differentiated aggressive grade 2 and grade 3,
       somatostatin receptor-positive (SSTR+) gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (“GEP-NETs”) and for the Phase III
       clinical study (“COMPETE Bridging Study”) for the treatment of unresectable, progressive, well-differentiated grade 1 or
       grade 2, SSTR+ GEP-NETs. All applications have been approved by NMPA;
–      The globally innovative temperature-sensitive embolic agent has officially entered the registration clinical research stage and
       completed the first patient enrollment.

Cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment:

–      The first adjustable intracranial stent retriever product Luci® produced in China for treatment of acute ischemic stroke has
       been granted registration certificate for medical device by the NMPA;
–      The domestic-produced intravascular dual-mode imaging system for coronary artery imaging, namely NOVASYNC HYBRID
       SYSTEM™ (“NOVASYNCTM”) has been granted registration certificate for medical device by the NMPA.

Respiratory and critical and severe disease:

–      The innovative product for the treatment of allergic rhinitis, namely Ryaltris® compound nasal spray (“GSP 301 NS”), has
       submitted the New Drug Application (“NDA”) to the NMPA and has been accepted;
–      Innovative medicine for treating respiratory diseases GPN00187 was approved to commence phase I clinical study;
–      Innovative medicine for treating respiratory diseases GPN00204 submitted the IND to the NMPA and was approved to
       conduct phase I clinical study;
–      APAD, a global innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, has successfully completed phase I clinical study conducted in
       China.
–      The Phase II clinical study in China of STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis, has completed the
       enrollment and dosing of all patients.

ENT:

–      The innovative improved new drug CBT-001 for the treatment of pterygium has completed the first patient enrollment and
       administration in the phase III clinical study conducted in China;
–      An innovative drug for slowing the progression of myopia in children GPN00884 was approved for phase I clinical study in
       China and completed the enrollment and administration of all subjects;
–      The innovative traditional Chinese medicine GPN01360 for the treatment of depression has completed the enrollment and
       dosing of the first patient in its Phase II clinical trial in China;
–      The Phase III clinical trial of GPN00833, an anti-inflammatory and analgesic hormone nanosuspension eye drop conducted in
       China has completed and has successfully met clinical endpoint;
–      NDA for the global innovative ophthalmic product GPN01768 (TP-03, lotilaner ophthalmic solution, 0.25%) for the treatment
       of Demodex blepharitis has been submitted to the NMPA and formally accepted.
–      The clinical study of the innovative ophthalmic device GPN00680 in China has completed the enrollment of the first patient.
22     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

mRNA platform:

–     ARC01, a therapeutic tumor vaccine for human papillomavirus type 16 (“HPV-16”)-positive late-stage unresectable or
      recurrent/metastatic solid tumors, was approved to conduct a phase I clinical study in China.

Generic products
There were 17 products that have been approved for commercialization.

Functional foods:
There were 3 functional foods commercialized in China.

API products
There were 11 API products approved for commercialization by the NMPA.

Products and industry layout
For the respiratory and critical and severe disease segment, the Group has completed the change of registration for the 100%
equity of Baiji Pharmaceutical, and has acquired its technologically advanced nasal spray known-how. Baiji Pharmaceutical’s
products will be combined with the Group’s Ryaltris® compound nasal spray to form a product portfolio, comprehensively meeting
the medication needs of patients with mild, moderate, and severe allergic rhinitis. At the same time, it will further improve the
construction of the Group’s inhalation formulation platform in the respiratory field.

For the ENT segment, in terms of industry layout, the Group completed the 90% equity acquisition of Chongqing Duoputai
Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Duoputai Technology”) and obtained the product rights to its core traditional Chinese
medicine product Maixuekang series. Duoputai Technology has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. This
acquisition not only enriches the Group’s portfolio of traditional Chinese medicine products in the ENT segment but also further
consolidates the Group’s overall market competitiveness in the field of traditional Chinese medicine. Regarding product layout, the
Group has introduced three global innovative ophthalmic products: GPN01768, for treating demodex blepharitis and demodex-
induced meibomian gland dysfunction, and the nasal spray formulations OC-01 and OC-02 (Simpinicline) (“OC-02”), for the
treatment of dry eye syndrome. These additions further expand the Group’s innovation pipeline in the ENT segment, providing new
momentum for the continued healthy development of the Group’s ENT business.

For the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment, the Group has completed the 100% equity change registration of Tianjin
Tanabe, and Tianjin Tanabe has become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group. On one hand, it further consolidated the Group’s
leadership position in the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency market. On the other hand, it accelerated the Group’s entry into the
cerebro-cardiovascular chronic disease market, facilitating the rapid establishment of market advantages.

In addition, the Group has also made significant progress in the construction of its production bases.

Production bases:

Grand Pharmaceutical’s Radiopharmaceutical R&D and Production Base（遠大醫藥放射性藥物研發及生產基地）, located in
Wenjiang District, Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China, has completed the topping out of the main structure and will be put into
operation in 2025. The R&D and Production Base will further consolidate the foundation of the Group’s nuclear medicine industry
and accelerate the implementation of the global innovative R&D pipeline. It will also promote the high-quality development of
nuclear medicine industry of the Group and cultivate high-value blockbuster varieties, hence laying a solid foundation for
producing the Group’s radiopharmaceuticals in China.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      23


 Management Discussion and Analysis

The Construction Project (Phase I) of Yongsheng Preparation Factory of Grand Pharmaceutical（遠大醫藥永晟製劑工廠建設項目
（一期））, located in Yangxin County, Huangshi City, Hubei Province, China, has completed the topping out of the main structure.
Upon completion, the Production Base will further expand the production capacity of the Group’s pharmaceutical technology,
provide production support for the subsequent implementation of the high-end preparation project, strengthen the industrial
chain of the Group’s high-end preparation manufacturing, and provide continuous momentum for the subsequent performance
growth of the Group’s pharmaceutical technology.

 The great health and nutritional product production base project in Huangshi City, Hubei Province, China, has officially
 commenced. By adopting a green circular economy model and intelligent production systems, the project aims to establish high-
 end health and nutritional product lines compliant with international standards, striving to build a smart model factory recognized
 by domestic and international client audits. Upon completion, this base will serve as the core production hub for the Group’s
 amino acid segment, dedicated to manufacturing premium health-oriented products. It will continuously diversify the product
 portfolio within the amino acid segment, create synergistic effects with existing offerings, and enhance the segment’s growth
 momentum and risk resilience. Furthermore, the base will strengthen the Group’s industry leadership in health and nutrition sector
 while providing strategic support for sustainable development of the Group in the biotechnology sector.

 The second phase of the amino acid production base in Xiantao City, Hubei Province, China, has completed the topping out of the
 main structure. Upon completion, this production base will further expand the production capacity of a number of high-quality
 amino acid varieties of the Group and provide sustainable momentum for the Group’s amino acid segment to grow profitably in
 the future.

 BUSINESS INTRODUCTION
 The Group has strong technological innovation strength, outstanding internationalization strength, solid industrial foundation,
 complete industrial chain and significant comprehensive advantages in the integration of raw materials and preparations. The
 Group has more than 130 products included in the National Essential Drug List (2018 version) and more than 260 products
 included in the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity
 Insurance (2024 version).

 Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment as well as Cerebro-cardiovascular Precision
 Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Technology
 By fully capitalizing “accurate and stable business development capabilities at home and abroad, the introduction and digestion of
 international leading technologies, excellent marketing and sales capabilities”, the Group is aiming at the frontier areas of
 technological innovation and focusing on the layout of the “nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment” and “cerebro-
 cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment” segments. It has become a leading enterprise in nuclear medicine
 anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, and a comprehensive cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment
 technology platform with international cutting-edge technologies.
24     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Nuclear Medicine Anti-tumor Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
In the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, the Group has achieved a comprehensive layout in the fields
of R&D, production, sales, regulatory qualifications and established a complete industrial chain. The Group has obtained a series of
domestic licenses for the production and operation of radiopharmaceuticals, including the license for the production of
radiopharmaceuticals, the license for the operation of radiopharmaceuticals and the license for the safety of radiation, with steady
progress of commercialization in China. At the same time, the Group also participated in the formulation of the Technical
Guidelines for Clinical Evaluation of Radioactive Therapeutic Drugs (《放射性體內治療藥物臨床評價技術指導原則》), the
Opinions on Reforming and Improving the Management for the Assessment and Approval of Radiopharmaceuticals (《關於改革完
善放射性藥品審評審批管理的意見》) and other regulatory documents to promote the healthy development of the nuclear
medicine industry in China.

The nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment is one of the most globalized segments of the Group. Currently,
it has approximately 800 employees. The Group, together with Sirtex, cooperated with Telix and ITM Isotope Technologies Munich
SE (“ITM”) to establish a world-class tumor intervention technology platform and a RDC technology platform. The Group adheres to
the treatment concept of integrated oncology diagnosis and treatment. Currently, the Group has 12 innovative products in the
pipeline at the R&D registration stage, covering five radionuclides including 68Ga, 177Lu, 131I, 90Y, 89Zr as well as seven cancers
including liver cancer, prostate cancer and brain cancer. In terms of product types, it covers two types of radionuclide drugs for
diagnosis and therapy, providing patients with global leading anti-tumor solutions with multi-indication treatment options, multi-
means and integrated diagnosis and treatment. At the same time, the Group and Shandong University jointly established Grand
Pharma – Shandong University Radiopharmaceutical Research Institute（遠大醫藥–山東大學放射藥物研究院）, and with the
institute as the core, an early research and development platform for nuclear drugs has been established to carry out the
independent R&D of RDC drugs. Currently, the Group has 12 products in the pipeline at the early R&D stage.

With the continuous expansion of the product pipeline, the registration and application of innovative products in China is also
progressing smoothly. In the aspect of tumor intervention, Yttrium-90 microsphere injections were commercialized successfully in
2022, and the registration clinical study of GPN00289, a global innovative temperature-sensitive embolic agent product has
completed the first patient enrollment in January 2025. In the aspect of RDC drugs, four drugs have been approved for clinical trials
up to date, three of which has entered Phase III clinical stage, including TLX591-CDx (a product for diagnosing prostate cancer),
TLX250-CDx (a product for diagnosing clear cell renal cell carcinoma) and ITM-11 (a product for treating GEP-NETs). In the aspect of
overseas commercialization, the global innovative liquid embolic agent Lava™ was approved for commercialization in the United
States in 2023. At the same time, the Group has been advancing the construction of Class A qualification nuclide production
platform in an orderly manner. In the future, the Group will continue to strengthen the R&D and establishment of the nuclear
medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment, as well as enrich and improve the product pipeline and industrial layout,
forming a nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment product cluster with the core of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections,
which continuously consolidates the Group’s global leading position in the field of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
treatment.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       25


Management Discussion and Analysis

Core products
Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, the global innovative product:
The Group’s global blockbuster innovative product, Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, is the only product in the world for selective
internal radiation therapy (“SIRT”) for colorectal cancer liver metastases. It has been used by more than 150,000 people in over 50
countries and regions around the world. It is also recommended by the treatment guidelines issued by different international
authoritative organizations such as Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer Guidelines (BCLC), National Comprehensive Cancer Network
(NCCN), European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO), European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL), National Institute
for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) and has been included in several authoritative clinical practice guidelines in China, including
the “2024 CSCO Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver Cancer” (《二零二四年CSCO原發性肝癌診療指南》), the
“Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Liver Cancer (2024 edition)” (《原發性肝癌診療指南(2024版）》), “Chinese
Guidelines for Diagnosis and Comprehensive Treatment of Colorectal Cancer Liver Metastases (2023 edition)” (《中國結直腸癌肝
轉移診斷和綜合治療指南(2023版）》), “Clinical Practice Guidelines for Liver Cancer and Liver Transplantation in China (2021
edition)” (《中國肝癌肝移植臨床實踐指南(2021版）》).

In January 2022, the Group received the approval from the NMPA for commercialization of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections, for
the treatment of patients with unresectable colorectal liver metastases who have failed standard of care. The product provided a
new and effective treatment modality for patients with liver malignancies in China, offering the opportunity for translational
therapy and further surgical resection to achieve clinical cure, bridging the gap in the local treatment of liver malignancies,
improving the long-term treatment outcome of the Chinese patient population with liver malignancies, and marking the arrival of
a new international precision interventional treatment option in the field of liver malignancies in China.

In May 2022, Yttrium-90 microsphere injections were officially commercialized in China. The treatment of liver malignancies in
China has entered a new “Y-90 era”. Since the official commercialization of YiGanTai®, nearly 70 hospitals have completed the
nuclide transfer procedures, its official surgeries have been carried out in over 50 hospitals in 22 provinces and cities in China, while
7 surgery, treatment and training centers have been established. The follow-up results showed that the overall response of patients
who take YiGanTai® surgery was satisfactory, and most patients achieved favorable clinical therapeutic effect. At present, more than
40 patients have successfully achieved liver cancer tumor downstaging transform and taken liver cancer resection, and more than
10 patients successfully underwent liver transplantation via bridging therapy, achieving clinical cure. Among patients who could be
followed up, the objective response rate of YiGanTai® for liver cancer reached 65.6%, and more than half of the patients had
achieved tumor size remission. Among them, the symptoms of more than 60 patients were completely relieved with no resection
required, and the disease control rate of the follow-up patients was approximately 87.4%, showing a remarkable therapeutic effect.

In order to speed up the implementation and popularization of YiGanTai® microsphere injections precise interventional therapy in
China, the Group, based on the surgeon supervision and training system approved by China NMPA and U.S. FDA, concentrated
global resources to provide comprehensive training to surgeons in China on patient screening knowledge, surgical operation skills,
and prognosis assessment methods, helping doctors to master and accumulate clinical experience to ensure a wider, safe and
effective applications of the product, and assisted domestic doctors in conducting multiple personalized practical trainings by well-
known overseas clinical experts. At present, the Group has trained more than 1,100 doctors in 70 hospitals on the surgery theory or
skills of YiGanTai®, more than 170 doctors have obtained the surgeon registration for YiGanTai®. Among which, approximately 70
doctors have obtained the operation qualification of independent surgery through strict one-to-one training by international and
domestic renowned experts, and 85 doctors have been qualified as assistants in surgical operation. Another 16 experts have
obtained the qualification of training instructor, which will further accelerate the clinical popularization of YiGanTai® radioactive
interventional operation.

Since its commercialization, Yttrium-90 microsphere injection has been included in 45 inclusive insurances such as Shanghai Hu
Hui Bao（上海滬惠保）, Beijing Pu Hui Jian Kang Bao（北京普惠健康保）, Hangzhou Xihu Yi Lian Bao（杭州西湖益聯保）,
Chengdu Hui Rong Bao（成都惠蓉保）and 3 special medical insurance, which covers 21 provinces and over 30 cities with a
significant increase in the accessibility of such product to patients with liver cancer.
26     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Lava™, a global innovative liquid embolic agent
Lava™ is the first innovative liquid embolic agent approved for the treatment of peripheral vascular arterial hemorrhage in the
United States. Its radiopacity makes the product less prone to artifacts during the imaging process, thus giving a better imaging
effect. Lava™ can be easily prepared in 2 minutes, while it takes about 20 minutes to prepare similar products, saving doctors’
preparation time in emergency situations and increasing the probability of patient survival; the solid embolization upon conversion
offers two viscosities which can be used flexibly for patients with different conditions. Lava™ can create synergies with
radioisotopes brachytherapy and interventional therapies. The product was approved for commercialization in the United States in
April 2023 and its formal commercialization commenced in October of the same year.

Uroi® Early Detection Product for Urothelial Carcinoma
Utilizing a dual-target design combining methylation and gene mutations, Uroi ® demonstrates exceptional clinical results.
According to data from a registration clinical study involving over 1,000 cases, the product achieves a sensitivity of 92.5% and a
specificity of 95.8%. The clinical results are outstanding, and the test is non-invasive, unaffected by external factors such as
hematuria and stones. This significantly aids in the early detection, diagnosis, treatment, and early benefit for patients with
urothelial carcinoma. Currently, the product has been approved by the NMPA for commercialization, making it China’s first early
detection product for urothelial carcinoma combining methylation and gene mutation dual targets. Moreover, Uroi® is the only
product recommended in the authoritative guidelines such as the 2024 CSCO Urothelial Carcinoma Diagnosis and Treatment
Guidelines, Bladder Cancer Early Diagnosis and Treatment Expert Consensus (2024 edition) (《膀胱癌早診早治專家共識（2024
版）》), and the China Cancer Screening Center Technical Expert Consensus (《中國癌症篩查中心技術專家共識》). With a single
urine sample, Uroi® provides precise, non-invasive early diagnosis for urothelial carcinoma, delivering outstanding performance.

Innovative R&D pipeline
The products of the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment are mainly divided into two categories:
interventional therapy and RDC.

Interventional therapy:

GPN00289, a global innovative temperature sensitive embolic agent:
GPN00289 is an NMPA innovative medical device approved temperature sensitive embolic material for the treatment of vascular-
rich benign and malignant tumors. At room temperature, the gel has good flowability and is delivered to the vasculature of the
diseased tissue through a microcatheter. The gel is then solidified in situ at body temperature from the peripheral vessels to the
main donor vessel to achieve embolization of the diseased tissue. It is suitable for the embolization of various vascular-rich solid
organ tumors, especially benign and moderate malignant tumors in the liver. The product entered the registered clinical study
stage in July 2024, and completed the first patient enrollment in January 2025.

Kona™, a global innovative liquid embolic agent
The product, for the treatment of preoperative embolization of cerebral arteriovenous malformations, is developed with a transient
radiopacity that diminishes over time, which can present clear post-operative organ visualization. In addition, with its drug loading
potential, Kona™ can load other chemical or radiopharmaceuticals to develop new drug-device combination products, so as to
provide more diversified treatment options for the treatment of other tumors or vascular diseases. Currently, an application for
Premarket Approval (PMA) has been submitted to the FDA for Kona™.

AuroLase®, a global innovative solid tumor ablation therapy
AuroLase® is a global innovative therapeutic technology for prostate cancer tissue ablation that uses a new type of optically tunable
nanoparticle, delivered intravenously and enriched in the tumor, to selectively absorb laser energy and convert light into heat,
thereby precisely destroying the tumor and the blood vessels supplying it without severely damaging the surrounding healthy
tissue. AuroLase® therapy can maximize treatment outcomes while minimizing the side effects associated with surgery, radiation
and alternative focal therapies compared to surgery, radiation or traditional alternative focal therapies. Currently, an application for
PMA has been submitted to the FDA for the product.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       27


Management Discussion and Analysis

RDC drugs:

There are currently 9 product candidates under research and a number of products have made important progress during the
period.

TLX591/TLX591-CDx, global innovative products for prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment:
TLX591 is a therapeutic RDC drug targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA), and its overseas early clinical studies have
shown positive treatment outcomes, with a median imaging progression-free survival (rPFS) of 8.8 months and a good safety
profile, and the product has completed the first patient enrollment in the overseas Phase III international multi-center clinical study
in November 2023. TLX591-CDx is diagnostic RDC drugs targeting PSMA, which could form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio
with TLX591 for prostate cancer. TLX591-CDx was approved for commercialization in Australia in November 2021 and in the United
States in December of the same year, in Canada in October 2022, in the United Kingdom and Denmark in February 2025 and was
granted a special license in Brazil for pre-approval sales. At the same time, an application for commercialization of the product in 19
European countries was also underway. In August 2023, the first patient enrollment for the phase III clinical study of TLX591-CDx
conducted in China was completed.

TLX250/TLX250-CDx, global innovative products for the diagnosis and treatment of clear cell renal cell carcinoma:
TLX250 and TLX250-CDx form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). TLX250-CDx was
granted a breakthrough therapy by the FDA in July 2020, and the overseas phase III clinical study successfully met clinical
endpoints in November 2022. According to the study results, for the patients with renal masses suggested by current common
clinical diagnostic methods such as computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) but unable to determine
whether it is ccRCC, the sensitivity and specificity of positron emission tomography (PET) imaging with TLX250-CDx in the diagnosis
of ccRCC reached 86% and 87% respectively, which far exceeded the preset threshold required by the FDA (both sensitivity and
specificity higher than or equal to 70%). Its positive predictive value has reached 93%. For early ccRCC in stage T1a, which is
currently difficult to diagnose (the tumor is confined to the kidney with the largest tumor diameter smaller than or equal to 4 cm),
the sensitivity and specificity of TLX250-CDx diagnosis reached 85% and 89% respectively. These breakthrough clinical results
demonstrate that TLX250-CDx is expected to provide a highly accurate and non-invasive diagnostic solution for ccRCC, and has the
potential to become a new clinical diagnostic standard for ccRCC. Currently, the new drug application for commercialization of
TLX250-CDx has been submitted to the FDA and was accepted, and got the priority for review. Moreover, clinical studies of TLX250-
CDx on a number of extended indications such as CAIX-positive solid cancer, bladder and urothelial carcinoma are progressing
worldwide. In September 2022, TLX250-CDx was approved by the NMPA to conduct a phase I/III clinical trial in China. Its phase I
clinical study was completed in June 2024 and it has successfully entered phase III clinical trial. By now, the first patient enrollment
and administration has been completed for this product in phase III clinical trial. TLX250 is undergoing a phase II clinical study
overseas.

ITM-11/TOCscan®, a global innovative product for the diagnosis and treatment of gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors
(“GEP-NETs”):
ITM-11 and TOCscan® form an integrated radiotherapy portfolio for GEP-NETs. ITM-11 has received an orphan drug status from FDA
and European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and the phase III clinical studies overseas (COMPETE) met the major clinical endpoints in
January 2025. For the registration in China, the product was approved by the NMPA to commence the phase I clinical study for
treatment of unresectable, progressive, SSTR+ GEP-NETs in April 2023. It was further approved by the NMPA to join the international
multi-center phase III clinical study (COMPOSE study) designed to treat the well-differentiated aggressive grade 2 and grade 3,
SSTR+ GEP-NETs in March 2024. Moreover, the product was approved by the NMPA to commence the phase III bridging clinical
study (COMPETE bridging study) for the treatment of well-differentiated grade 1 or grade 2, SSTR+ GEP-NETs in December 2024.
This product demonstrates the potential to achieve comprehensive coverage across all disease stages in the clinical management
of GEP-NETs. TOCscan® has been approved for commercialization in Germany, Austria and France in 2018.
28     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

TLX101, a global innovative product for glioblastoma treatment:
TLX101 is a RDC drug for the treatment of glioblastoma multiforme. It can pass through the blood-brain barrier entering the brain
freely, and targets the overexpressed L-type amino acid transporter 1 (LAT-1) in glioblastoma to precisely irradiate cancer cells, and
promote their apoptosis to achieve therapeutic effect. The product has been granted orphan drug designation by the FDA and is
currently in phase I/II clinical trials stage overseas. In April 2023, the phase I clinical study of TLX101 to be conducted in China was
approved by the NMPA.

ITM-41, a global innovative product for the treatment of bone metastasis in malignant tumors:
ITM-41 is a therapeutic RDC drug that targets bone metastasis in malignant tumors by conjugating no-carrier-added 177 Lu with
zoledronic acid. The product can precisely target hydroxyapatite at the metastasis site, inhibiting bone metastasis from malignant
tumors while minimizing radiation to normal tissues, greatly improving patient survival and potentially further reducing skeletal
related events in patients with severe bone metastases. The product is currently in the pre-clinical research stage.

Cerebro-cardiovascular Precision Interventional Diagnosis and Treatment Segment
The Group adheres to the treatment concept of “Precision Treatment” and conducts comprehensive layout in three directions,
namely channel management, structural heart disease and heart failure, to build a high-end medical device product cluster. At
present, the segment has reserved 27 products, of which 20 products in channel management area have been approved for
commercialization in China, 1 product in structural heart disease area has been approved for commercialization in China. Luci, the
first domestically developed adjustable intracranial stent retriever, was approved for commercialization in China by the NMPA in
October 2024, and NOVASYNCTM, a domestically produced global innovative intravascular dual-mode imaging system was
approved for commercialization in China by the NMPA in December 2024. Furthermore, the peripheral shock wave system
DEEPQUAKE™ and transcatheter mitral clip system NeoNova® which are jointly developed by the Group and Jiangsu Trulive
Medtech Co. Ltd., were approved for commercialization in China by the NMPA in November 2024 and February 2025 respectively.
The multi-electrode renal artery radiofrequency ablation catheter system Iberis™ which is jointly developed by the Group and
Shanghai AngioCare Medical Technology Co., Ltd.（上海安通醫療科技有限公司）, was approved for commercialization in China
by the NMPA in February 2025. Meanwhile, other products are also being actively promoted for clinical registration in China in
order to achieve the stage-by-stage commercialization for innovative products in the coming years, driving the business in this
segment to achieve steady growth.

The Group has completed the comprehensive construction of the “active + passive” innovative device platform in this segment.
Among them, the Active Equipment R&D and Production Base in Optics Valley, Wuhan and the Passive Equipment R&D and
Production Base in Changzhou, as well as the Shanghai Device R&D Center which focuses on the field of structural heart disease
have been put into use. At present, the Group has carried out technology cooperation with clinical centers or R&D platforms in the
Unites States, Canada, Germany, Italy and Switzerland, and gradually started a new process of globalized R&D. The segment has
over 220 employees, of which over 50 employees are in the R&D team, with more than 60% of them holding master’s degrees and
doctoral degrees. With a comprehensive background in medicine, pharmacy, materials, machinery, electronics, etc., it helps to
achieve stable and long-term development in R&D and innovation. The Group is committed to developing this segment into a
leading “cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional therapy platform” in China and worldwide.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024        29


Management Discussion and Analysis

Cerebro-cardiovascular precision intervention diagnosis and treatment products
The Group’s two drug-coating balloons for sale, namely RESTORE DEB® and APERTO® OTW adopt the unique patented SAFEPAX
technology. Both drug coating products are stable with small decay rate, which have been recognized by clinical doctors and
patients with good market reputation since its commercialization. NOVASIGHT HYBRID SYSTEM™ (“NOVASIGHTTM”), a global
innovative intravascular dual-mode imaging device for coronary artery imaging and the domestically produced NOVASYNC HYBRID
SYSTEM™ (“NOVASYNCTM”), can achieve ultrasound and optical imaging at the same time, which can simultaneously meet the
doctor’s requirements for resolution and penetration, simplify the doctor’s operation and improve the accuracy of imaging, thereby
providing a more accurate vascular imaging solution for patients who need percutaneous coronary intervention (“PCI”) treatment
and satisfying personalized clinical needs. On the front of neurointervention, Luci®, the Group’s self-developed and self-produced
adjustable intracranial stent retriever product which is the first domestically manufactured product for acute ischemic stroke
intervention, along with a suite of innovative complementary devices, have been approved for commercialization in China.

RESTORE DEB®, a coronary drug-coating balloon:
RESTORE DEB® is the first drug-coating balloon with the dual indications of original coronary artery disease mutation and stent
restenosis in China. Its clinical research results were published in the important journal “JACC (Journal of the American College of
Cardiology) Cardiovascular Interventions” in the field of cardiovascular disease, and its clinical status was also affirmed in the
guidelines and expert consensus such as the Guidelines for Treatment of Percutaneous Coronary Intervention（中國經皮冠狀動
脈介入治療指南）and the Chinese Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of Drug Coated Balloon（藥物塗層球囊臨床應用中
國專家共識）.

APERTO® OTW, a drug coated balloon for dialysis access:
APERTO® OTW is the first drug-coating balloon for the indication of arteriovenous fistula stenosis in dialysis patients. This product
has the dual characteristics of high pressure resistance and drug coating. Compared with ordinary high pressure balloon, APERTO®
OTW has a significant advantage in the passing rate of target lesions for six months after surgery, which will greatly contribute to
the extension of the life time of fistula and the improvement of the quality of life of dialysis patients. Its clinical research results are
published in American Journal of Kidney Diseases, an important journal in the field of kidney disease treatment.


NOVASIGHTTM, an intravascular dual mode imaging system and its domestically produced substitute NOVASYNCTM:
NOVASIGHTTM and NOVASYNCTM combines two imaging technologies, namely intravascular ultrasound (“IVUS”) and optical
coherence tomography (“OCT”) and can simultaneously show the ultrasound and optical image with the same direction, axis and
phase, which, on one hand, better provides doctors with histological and morphological information on intravascular plaque and
vascular wall, facilitating doctors to provide patients with more accurate treatment options. On the other hand, it also reduces the
diagnosis and treatment procedures for patients and reduces their medical burden. In addition, NOVASIGHTTM is the first
intravascular ultrasound and optical dual mode imaging system approved by the FDA of the United States. It has been
commercialized both in Canada and Japan. NOVASYNCTM is NOVASIGHTTM’s domestically produced iterative product, inheriting
NOVASIGHTTM’s superior performance and high quality, achieving compatibility between domestic and imported products. It can
potentially further reduce production costs, and is expected to benefit more coronary heart disease patients. Both products have
promising prospect in the field of coronary artery imaging and intracavitary interventional surgery.

The first adjustable intracranial stent retriever product produced in China:
Luci® is designed with a round wire braided structure, and can be manually adjusted in vitro to the ideal diameter to match the
target blood vessel. At the same time, the stent implantation process is fully visible and developed, which can better assist the
surgeon to adjust the stent according to the location and total length of the thrombus to better adapt to the occluded blood
vessel, and achieve a higher vascular recanalization rate. The adjustable characteristics of Luci, on the one hand, improve the ability
of the stent to fit the thrombus, and improve the effectiveness of the operation, and on the other hand, reduce damage to the
blood vessels, and improve the safety of the operation. In addition, Luci can achieve full-stent imaging, which is easier for doctors
to operate accurately. The commercialization of Luci will provide a new option for thrombectomy in acute ischemic stroke.
30      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Iberis™, a multi-electrode renal artery radiofrequency ablation catheter system
Leveraging advanced renal nerve ablation technology, the Iberis™ system performs minimally invasive interventions, precisely
guiding the ablation catheter to the renal artery. By utilizing radiofrequency energy, it effectively ablates the renal sympathetic
nerves, thereby blocking the excessive transmission of signals from these nerves and achieving stable blood pressure regulation.
Iberis™ has demonstrated excellent clinical efficacy in treating primary hypertension in patients with poor blood pressure control.
Relevant research findings have been fully published in Circulation, a leading international cardiovascular academic journal (impact
factor: 35.5), earning widespread recognition from the global academic community. It is currently the only renal denervation (RDN)
product in the world to have received European Union CE certification and features a unique radial and femoral dual-access design.

DEEPQUAKE™, a domestically produced peripheral shock wave system
The DEEPQUAKE™ system efficiently and safely disrupts superficial and deep calcified plaques in blood vessel walls by releasing
non-focused pulse acoustic pressure waves during low-pressure balloon dilation. This technology can be used to treat calcified
lesions in adult patients with iliac artery, femoral artery, iliac-femoral artery, popliteal artery, renal artery, and below-the-knee artery
(with stenosis ≥50%). The DEEPQUAKE™ product features a unique design with high pulse energy, adjustable across five levels,
allowing for more targeted disruption of stubborn calcified tissue. The system also has a larger number of electrode placements,
ensuring a more uniform energy distribution, which enhances both safety and efficacy. The balloon’s longer length enables it to
cover extended, diffuse calcified lesions. This product is expected to provide more diverse treatment options for patients with
peripheral vascular calcification.

NeoNova®, a domestically produced transcatheter mitral clip system
The NeoNova® system provides an interventional solution for patients with mitral regurgitation, performing edge-to-edge mitral
valve repair to improve heart function while minimizing surgical trauma and shortening recovery time. The product is easy to
operate and demonstrates excellent safety, employing an elastic self-locking mechanism that allows the clip arms to automatically
adapt to the valve’s strength and securely lock in place. This ensures stable clamping while minimizing the risk of valve rupture
during surgery and in the long term post-operatively. The “one-line” clip design offers flexibility to handle complex situations such
as chordal entanglement and crossing valves at the junction area. The system is also stable in its curvature, with a smaller radius,
saving operational space in the atrium and providing more flexibility during the procedure. This product is expected to provide a
new treatment option for patients with mitral regurgitation.

Innovative and R&D pipeline
Access management direction:

aXess, a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product:
aXess is a global innovative endogenous tissue repair product for end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients with arteriovenous graft
(AVGs) for hemodialysis treatment. The product is expected to provide a safer and more effective blood access for dialysis patients
by providing a basic structural framework for autologous tissue repair of patients, accelerating the establishment of dialysis access,
and reducing the incidence of thrombosis and related complications. aXess can further synergize with APERTO® OTW in the field of
hemodialysis. The first patient enrollment was completed in November 2024 in the pivotal clinical studies of this product approved
to commence in the United States, while the enrollment of all patients was completed in January 2025 in the pivotal clinical studies
conducted in Europe. Meanwhile, the registration of the product in China is being actively promoted.

Structural heart disease direction:

Saturn, a global innovative mitral valve replacement system:
Saturn is a global innovative medical device for mitral valve replacement. The product is implanted in an interventional manner via
a room septum to minimize surgical trauma and shorten post-operative recovery time, and innovatively combines annular
reconstruction technology with valve replacement technology to enhance device adaptability and suitability for all common mitral
valve structures. The product completed the first patient enrollment for the initial human trial in the United States in June 2024.
Meanwhile, the registration of the product in China is also under active progress.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       31


 Management Discussion and Analysis

 Heart failure direction:

 CoRISMA, a global innovative ventricular assisted device:
 CoRISMA is a fully implanted transcatheter ventricular assisted medical device for the treatment of class III and end-stage heart
 failure. By adopting the world’s most advanced energy transmission technology for wireless power supply, it provides a minimally
 invasive, safe, power-line infection-free and complication-free treatment for patients with end-stage heart failure through minimally
 invasive surgery. Currently, the Group is working with an innovative medical device company incubated by Yale University on
 product development.

 PHARMACEUTICAL TECHNOLOGY
 With years of experience in the respiratory and critical and severe disease, ENT and cerebro-cardiovascular emergency fields, the
 Group currently has a number of products with high entry barrier and exclusive products with leading market shares, a strong
 brand name and a solid market position, and also reserves a number of innovative products.

 Through an innovation model combining global technology cooperation and independent R&D, the Group has established the
 International R&D Center in Optics Valley, Wuhan, the Glycomics R&D Center in Australia and the mRNA R&D Center in Aoluo,
 Nanjing in the field of pharmaceutical technology. These R&D centers and technology platforms will continue to empower and
 provide continuous technological support for the Group’s R&D and innovation in the field of pharmaceutical technology.

 Respiratory and Critical and Severe Disease Segment
 The Group’s products on sale in the respiratory and critical and severe disease segment covers a wide range of indications such as
 rhinitis, bronchitis, pneumonia, asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, etc. The core products, Qie Nuo (Eucalyptol,
 Limonene and Pinene Enteric Soft Capsules), Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler® are exclusive products nationwide,
 which are in the leading position in their respective segments.

 The innovative strategic plan in this field focuses on the unmet significant clinical needs, with a number of products under
 research, covering allergic rhinitis, sepsis and Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome (“ARDS”) etc. In the future, the Group will
 continue to adopt the R&D concept of independent R&D and global expansion to create a full-cycle management product cluster
 for chronic airway diseases and a pipeline of products for critical and severe diseases, so as to continuously strengthen the Group’s
 industry position in this field.

 Respiratory products
 The main products include Qie Nuo®, Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler®, Budesonide Nasal Spray etc.

Qie Nuo®:
It is a soluble and phlegm-free drug for viscosity, and is suitable for acute and chronic rhinosinusitis as well as respiratory diseases
such as acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchial dilation, pulmonary abscess, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease,
bacterial infection in the lungs, tuberculosis, and silica lungs. It can also be used for bronchoscopic angiography to facilitate the
discharge of contrast medium. It is an exclusive product in China independently developed by the Group with two separate types
of drugs for adult and children’s use and was included in China’s National Reimbursement Drug List in 2017 and China’s National
Essential Drug List in 2018 respectively, and was listed in the “2024 Healthcare Brands List”, Top Brands of Family Medicine in China
2022-2023（2022-2023年中國家庭常備藥上榜品牌）and Potential Brands in China’s Pharmaceutical Retail Market 2023-2024
（2023-2024年度中國藥品零售市場潛力品牌）. Currently, there are dozens of guidelines and expert consensus recommending
the use of viscosity dissolving promotors for clinical use. Among them, more than 10 guidelines and expert consensus explicitly
recommend eucalyptol, limonene and pinene enteric soft capsules or its active ingredients for clinical treatment, such as the
Chinese Guidelines for Diagnosis and Management of Cough in Primary Care (2024) (《中國咳嗽基層診療與管理指南(2024年）》),
Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Adult Bronchiectasis in China (2021) (《中國成人支氣管擴張症診斷與治療
32      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

專家共識（2021）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Secretory Otitis Media in Children (2021) (《兒童分泌性中耳炎
診斷和治療指南（2021）》), the Guidelines for Rational Use of Drugs for Chronic COPD in Primary Care (2020) (《慢性阻塞性肺疾
病基層合理用藥指南(2020)》), Chinese Guidelines for Perioperative Airway Management in Thoracic Surgery (2020 Edition)（《中
國胸外科圍手術期氣道管理指南（2020版）》）, Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Fibromotor Dyskinesia: Chinese Expert
Consensus（《原發性纖毛運動障礙診斷與治療中國專家共識》）, Expert Consensus on Classification and Diagnosis of Rhinitis
and Nasal Medication Regimen（《鼻 炎 分 類 和 診 斷 及 鼻 腔 用 藥 方 案 的 專 家 共 識》）and Expert Consensus on Childhood
Recurrent Respiratory Infections（《兒 童 反 復 呼 吸 道 感 染 專 家 共 識》）, etc. Its clinical status is prominent, and the level of
recognition among doctors and patients is high, continuing to lead the market of oral cough relieving and phlegm relieving drugs.

Enerzair® Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate, glycopyrronium bromide and mometasone furoate powder for inhalation II) and Atectura®
Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate and mometasone furoate powder for inhalation II, III):
Enerzair® Breezhaler® is the first triple combination inhalation preparation for asthma indications approved in China for the
maintenance treatment of asthma in adults not adequately controlled with the maintenance combination treatment of long-acting
beta2 adrenergic agonist (LABA) and inhaled corticosteroid (ICS). The product has clear efficacy, is convenient to use, and has
achieved breakthroughs in three aspects: (1) using an optimized drug combination of ICS, LABA and long-acting muscarinic
receptor antagonist (LAMA) (i.e. mometasone furoate/indacaterol acetate/glycopyrronium bromide), the three effective ingredients
can provide synergy benefit, and compared with the conventional high dose ICS-LABA and high dose ICS-LABA combined with
LAMA opened triple combination, Enerzair® Breezhaler® can effectively improve the clinical symptoms and lung function of patients
with moderate to severe asthma, and significantly reduce the risk of acute attacks; (2) dosing once a day, which significantly
facilitates the patient and is expected to improve the compliance; (3) using the advanced Breezhaler® inhalation device, which is
easy to operate, and provides patients with triple confirmation of dosing as audible, tasteable, and visible, enhancing patients’
confidence that the complete dose has been taken. The ARGON phase III clinical study of the product shows that, compared with
high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for inhalation combined with Tiotropium Bromide Spray opened triple combination,
Enerzair® Breezhaler® significantly reduce the annualized rate of moderate exacerbations (based on 24 weeks data) by 43%. Atectura®
Breezhaler® is an innovative combination of ICS mometasone furoate and LABA indacaterol acetate for the maintenance treatment
of adult and 12 years old above adolescent patients with asthma. Atectura® Breezhaler® also has the characteristics including “visible
and controllable, precise inhalation, once a day” etc. It can significantly improve the lung function of patients and reduce the risk of
acute attacks, and is a new choice for optimal treatment of asthma patients. The phase III clinical study of the product shows that,
compared with the conventional high dose Salmeterol-Fluticasone powder for inhalation, Atectura® Breezhaler® can significantly
improve the risk of acute attack in patients, and the risk of severe, moderately severe and all acute attack categories is reduced by
approximately 26%, 22% and 19% respectively. Both products were officially included in the category-B medicines management
scope in China’s National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury Insurance and Maternity
Insurance (《國家基本醫療保險、工傷保險和生育保險藥品目錄》), and provide new treatment method for people receiving
long-term asthma treatment.

 Budesonide Nasal Spray:
 It is a nasal corticosteroid medication with potent local anti-inflammatory and anti-allergic effects, which can directly act on the
 nasal mucosa to relieve rhinitis symptoms. It is used for the treatment of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis, perennial non-
 allergic rhinitis; it can also be used to prevent the recurrence of nasal polyps after nasal polyp removal and for symptomatic
 treatment of nasal polyps. As a first-line medication for allergic rhinitis, it has been included in multiple clinical guidelines and
 expert consensus documents such as Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in China (Revised Edition 2022)
(《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南(2022年，修訂版）》), the Expert Consensus on Intranasal Corticosteroids for the Treatment
 of Allergic Rhinitis (《鼻用糖皮質激素治療變應性鼻炎專家共識》), the Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of
 Chronic Rhinosinusitis (《中國慢性鼻竇炎診斷與治療指南》) and the Expert Consensus on the Classification and Diagnosis of
 Rhinitis and Intranasal Medication Regimens (《鼻炎分類和診斷及鼻腔用藥方案的專家共識》). This product is the first generic
 in the country and is expected to change the competitive landscape dominated by foreign enterprises in the market of products
 with the same generic name.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      33


Management Discussion and Analysis

Innovative R&D pipeline
Based on unmet clinical needs, the Group has reserved a number of global innovative drugs for the indications of seasonal allergic
rhinitis, sepsis and ARDS.

GSP 301 NS, a new compound nasal spray for the treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis:
GSP 301 NS is a new glucocorticoid and antihistamine compound nasal spray. Currently, the product has been approved for
commercialization in the United States, Australia, South Korea, Russia, the United Kingdom, the European Union as well as other
countries and regions. In terms of registration in China, it was approved to conduct a phase III clinical trial for the treatment of
allergic rhinitis and rhinoconjunctivitis symptoms in patients aged 12 and above in October 2021, and has successfully met the
clinical endpoint in September 2023. According to clinical results, the efficacy of GSP 301 NS are better than the monomer
originator preparations Patanase® NS and Nesuna® NS. Meanwhile, the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetic features of GSP 301
NS have also met the preset clinical endpoints. The NDA for the product was accepted by the NMPA in February 2024.

STC3141, a global innovative drug for the treatment of severe diseases:
STC3141 is a small molecule compound with a novel mechanism of action independently developed by the Group, which can be
used to reverse organ damage caused by excessive immune responses by neutralizing extracellular free histones and neutrophil
traps and is applicable to multiple severe disease indications. The product has a novel mechanism and the results of related
preclinical research have been published in “Nature Communications” and “Critical Care”, both top academic journal with far-
reaching academic influence, in February 2020 and November 2023, respectively. At present, the product has been granted 7
clinical approvals in four indications of sepsis, ARDS, COVID-19, and ARDS caused by COVID-19 in five countries around three
continents including China, Australia, Belgium, the United Kingdom and Poland. Three patient-specific clinical studies were
completed and have successfully met the clinical endpoints. It was approved to conduct phase Ib clinical studies for the treatment
of sepsis in Australia and Belgium in April 2020 and January 2022, respectively, and have successfully met the clinical endpoints in
June 2023; it was approved by the NMPA to conduct a phase Ib clinical study for ARDS patients in China in early March 2021, which
was completed in October 2022 and has successfully met the clinical endpoints; and it was approved to conduct phase IIa clinical
studies for the treatment of severe COVID-19 pneumonia in Belgium, Poland and the United Kingdom in April, September and
October 2021, respectively, which were completed in July 2022 and have successfully met the clinical endpoints. All three clinical
studies demonstrated good safety profile and potential for clinical benefit in the treatment of severe diseases. Currently, the
product was approved to conduct a phase II clinical study against sepsis in China in July 2023 with the enrollment and
administration of all patients being completed in December 2024. Initial clinical findings are projected to emerge during the first
half of 2025.

APAD, a global innovative drug for the treatment of sepsis:
APAD is a small molecule compound with a novel mechanism of action independently developed by the Group, which can
antagonize a variety of pathogen-related molecules. The preclinical trial data showed that it can play a therapeutic role in sepsis
caused by both bacterial and viral infections, and it is complementary to STC3141’s mechanism of antagonizing the body’s
excessive immune response to treat sepsis, which can form a good product portfolio in the treatment of severe diseases such as
sepsis. The phase I clinical study for the product was approved in China in March 2023 and has been successfully completed by
now. According to the clinical study results, the product demonstrated good safety and tolerability, and its pharmacokinetic
characteristics in humans were preliminarily understood.
34     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

ENT segment
The Group’s ENT segment spans multiple specialties, including ophthalmology, ENT (ear, nose, and throat), and dentistry, offering a
diversified portfolio encompassing chemical formulations, traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) preparations, and health products. Its
offerings are categorized into prescription drugs, OTC products, medical devices, and consumer goods. With support from a
customer-centric, academic-driven marketing team, a nationwide distribution network has been established for this segment.
Guided by the strategic principle of integrating Chinese-Western medicine and synergistic medical-device therapies, the segment
continues to expand its specialized product clusters. On the hospital front, it strengthens clinical evidence-based medicine systems
and professional academic promotion frameworks, delivering comprehensive disease management solutions and tailored product
services for clinical experts. In the retail sector, the Group is building a leading eye health consumer brand in China, providing
professional, safe, and accessible vision care solutions. In terms of innovative R&D, by leveraging a dual strategy of collaborative
licensing and in-house R&D, the Group has developed a robust pipeline of globally innovative products targeting conditions such
as dry eye syndrome, demodex blepharitis, post-ophthalmic surgery anti-inflammatory/analgesia, pterygium, and myopia. These
advancements aim to establish differentiated competitive advantages, offering patients enhanced therapeutic options to improve
quality of life. Moving forward, the segment will deepen its focus on cutting-edge innovation fields, amplify its industry leadership,
and achieve breakthroughs in new therapeutic domains.

ENT products
The ENT core products of the Group include He Xue Ming Mu tablets, Jinsang Series (Jinsang Kaiyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules,
Jinsang Qingyin Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Liyan Tablet/Capsule/Pill/Granules, Jinsang Sanjie Tablet/Capsule/Pill/
Granules), Maixuekang (Maixuekang capsules and Maixuekang enteric-coated tablets), Rui Zhu (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop) and Nuo
Tong (Xylometazoline Hydrochloride) etc.

He Xue Ming Mu tablet:
Produced by three classical formulae, namely the Siwutang（四物湯）, Erzhiwan（二至丸）and Shengpuhuangtang（生蒲黃湯）,
the product has the functions of cooling blood hemostasis, moisturising dryness and removing blood stasis, and nourishing liver
and eye-brightening, and is mainly used for the treatment of retinal disease caused by the cloudy liver and the heat-burn winding.
Since He Xue Ming Mu tablet has been the exclusive product in China, the State Protected Chinese Medicine, and a product
included in the National Reimbursement Drug List and the National Essential Drug List for the last 30 years since its
commercialization, the Group has accumulated a large number of clinical research data and application experience in the field of
retinal hemorrhage, which has been included in a number of guidelines/consensus such as the Practical Ophthalmic Medicine and
the Expert Consensus on Clinical Application of He Xue Ming Mu Tablets for the Treatment of Wet Age-related Macular
Degeneration (《和血明目片治療濕性年齡相關性黃斑變性臨床應用專家共識》), providing valuable literature support for
clinical use of the products.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024        35


Management Discussion and Analysis

Jinsang Series Products:
They are exclusive products nationwide, covering all the diseases of the throat, among which, Jinsang Sanjie Capsule is used for the
treatment of chronic hoarseness disease caused by heat and poisoning storage and airtight blood stasis (vocal nodules, polyp of
vocal cords, thickening of mucosa of vocal cords) and the resulting hoarseness. Jinsang Sanjie Capsule has been widely used in
clinical application for more than 30 years since its commercialization. Jinsang Liyan Capsule is the only Chinese patent medicine
for the treatment of throat diseases caused by intraocular obstruction of liver depression and phlegm and humidification. It is also
an ideal medicine for the treatment of pharyngeal symptoms in clinical operation, gastroesophageal reflux pharyngitis, and chronic
and thick pharyngitis. Jinsang Kaiyin Capsule is designed for the rapid effect of acute pharyngitis as well as throat redness, swelling,
heat, pain and hoarning caused by acute pharyngitis. Several products have been included in the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
Treatment of Common Diseases in Otorhinolaryngology of Traditional Chinese Medicine (《中醫耳鼻咽喉科常見病診療指南》)
issued by the Chinese Association of Traditional Chinese Medicine, the Clinical Drug Guidelines (《臨 床 用 藥 指 南》) for the
diagnosis and treatment of clinicians, the authoritative monographs of the Manual for Common Traditional Chinese Medicine of
Otorhinolaryngology (《常見眼耳鼻咽喉科中成藥手冊》) and the Practical Otorhinolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery (《實用
耳鼻咽喉頭頸外科學》), etc., and are included in a number of clinical pathways and expert diagnosis and treatment guidelines. In
January 2022, the Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Jinsang Sanjie Capsules for the Treatment of Vocal Nodules and
Polyp of Vocal Cords (《金嗓散結膠囊治療聲帶小結、聲帶息肉臨床應用專家共識》) was issued by the Chinese Association of
Traditional Chinese Medicine, which has also provided new support for the evidence-based development of Jinsang Sanjie
products. Jinsang Sanjie and Jinsang Kaiyin Capsules are products on the National Reimbursement Drug List. Jinsang Kaiyin and
Qingyin are dual cross-over products with both prescription and over-the-counter drugs.

Maixuekang, Maixuekang capsules and Maixuekang enteric-coated tablets:
It has the effects of anticoagulation, antithrombosis, antifibrosis, and improvement of blood circulation, and can be used in the
treatment of cerebro-cardiovascular diseases such as coronary heart disease, acute cerebral infarction, ischemic stroke, and unstable
angina. It is included in the National Reimbursement Drug List and the Essential Drug List, and is currently the only Chinese patent
medicine that is labeled with antithrombin activity units in China (each capsule/tablet is equivalent to 14 units of antithrombin
activity). It has been included in many authoritative clinical guidelines, such as the Guideline for the Prevention and Treatment of
Stroke with Integrative Chinese Medicine and Western Medicine, Guideline for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Cerebral Infarction
with the Integrated Traditional Chinese and Western Medicine, the Guidelines for Rational Use of Proprietary Chinese Medicines for
Promoting Blood Circulation for Removing Blood Stasis, the Clinical Practice Guideline for Chinese Medicine in the Treatment of
Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy, and the Expert Consensus on the Use of Maixuekang Capsule (Enteric-coated Tablet) for
Patients with Cardiovascular and Cerebrovascular diseases in Clinical Practice.

Rui Zhu® (polyvinyl alcohol eye drop):
It is a single-piece preservative-free artificial tear and currently the first-line drug for the treatment of dry eye. It is recommended by
experts such as the Expert Consensus on Prevention and Control of Cataract Surgery in China (2021) (《中國白內障圍手術期幹眼
防治專家共識(2021年）》), the Expert Consensus on Sterily Surgery in China (2020) (《中國幹眼專家共識(2020年）》), the Expert
Consensus on Refractive Surgery in Laser Corneal Surgery in China (2019) (《中國激光角膜屈光手術圍手術期用藥專家共識(2019
年）》), and the Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Functional Disorder of Bleacne in China (2017) (《我國瞼板腺功
能 障 礙 診 斷 與 治 療 專 家 共 識(2017年）》). Rui Zhu has good brand recognition and was awarded the China Well-known
Trademark in 2017; and was awarded the CPEO Gold Award for nine consecutive years from 2016 to 2024, namely the “Healthy
China Brand List”.
36      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Nuo Tong:
It is a nasal decongestant to relieve nasal congestion, and is suitable for relieving nasal congestion caused by acute and chronic
rhinitis, sinusitis, allergic rhinitis, hypertrophic rhinitis and other nasal disorders. It does not contain hormones or ephedrine and is
suitable for both adults and children. Nuo Tong is divided into two dosage forms: nasal drops and nasal spray, of which the nasal
spray is the exclusive domestic dosage form and is the leading product among its generic counterparts. The product has been
included in clinical guidelines such as the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Pediatric Chronic
Rhinosinusitis (Hangzhou, 2024) (《兒童慢性鼻竇炎的診斷和治療中國專家共識（杭州，2024）》), Guidelines for the Diagnosis
and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in China (Revised Edition 2022) (《中國變應性鼻炎診斷和治療指南（二零二二年，修訂版）》),
and Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Allergic Rhinitis in Children (Revised Edition 2022) (《兒童變應性鼻炎診斷和
治療指南（二零二二年，修訂版）》).

Varenicline tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”)
The product is a highly selective acetylcholinergic receptor agonist, which can treat dry eye syndrome by activating the trigeminal
parasympathetic pathway and increasing natural tear secretion. According to the results of the Phase III clinical study of OC-01, OC-
01 showed statistically and clinically significant improvements in tear secretion in patients with dry eye compared with the control
group. The natural tear secretion of the subjects increased significantly compared with the baseline (the proportion of subjects
whose Schirmer score increased by greater than or equal to 10 mm from baseline was significantly dominant), with favorable safety
and tolerability. The product was approved for commercialization in the United States in October 2021, and is currently the world’s
first and only preservative-free, multi-dose, sterile packaged nasal spray approved for the treatment of mild, moderate and severe
dry eye. In terms of product registration in China, OC-01 was approved for commercialization in the Macau Special Administrative
Region of China in February 2023; it was launched in Hainan Lecheng Medical Pilot Zone as an imported clinically urgent drug in
April 2023; the first prescription for the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area was issued at the University of Hong Kong
– Shenzhen Hospital in December 2023. The product was approved for commercialization by the NMPA in November 2024; and it
was approved for commercialization in Taiwan Region of China in November 2024. Currently, the product was included in domestic
and overseas authoritative clinical guidelines and consensus such as the Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Dry
Eye in China (2024) (《中國幹眼臨床診療專家共識（2024年）》) and the 2023 version of the Dry Eye (DE) Syndrome Preferred
Practice Pattern Guidelines released by the American Academy of Ophthalmology.

Innovative R&D pipeline
The Group reserved five innovative drugs in the direction with clear clinical needs for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after
ophthalmology surgery, pterygium, dry eye, myopia, demodex blepharitis and meibomian gland disease with demodex mites etc.:

GPN00833, an improved new drug hormone nano-suspension eye drops for anti-inflammatory and pain relief after ophthalmology
surgery:
Its main active ingredient, clobetasol propionate, is a potent glucocorticoid, which has efficient local anti-inflammatory and strong
capillary contraction effect. Meanwhile, its unique nano-preparation technique effectively solves the low bioavailability and safety
risks caused by low water solubility of hormone products. The product was approved for commercialization by the U.S. FDA in
March 2024. In terms of registration in China, the Phase III clinical trial of the product conducted in China has completed and has
successfully met clinical endpoints in November 2024. The difference showed by product was statistically significant and clinically
significant in terms of anti-inflammatory effects and analgesia compared with the control group. In addition, the product has
favorable safety and tolerability, and its pharmacokinetic characteristics are in line with expectations. Currently, the product is in the
stage of NDA preparation.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       37


Management Discussion and Analysis

GPN00153, an improved new drug for the treatment of pterygium (CBT-001):
It is an innovative and improved product to replace Nintedanib, which is used for the treatment of pulmonary fibrosis. It inhibits
neovascularization and tissue fibrosis. Currently, the phase II clinical trial has been completed in the United States with high safety
and significant clinical efficacy, which can inhibit the growth of pterygium and control the aggravation of the disease. The global
phase III clinical trial for CBT-001 was conducted in June 2022 and it has been approved to conduct phase III clinical trial in China
by the NMPA in March 2023, and the first patient was enrolled and administered in March 2024.

GPN00136, a world-wide innovative drug for dry eye (BRM421):
It is small molecule peptide eye drops that can accelerate the division and proliferation of limbal stem cells, and in turn stimulate
the repair of ocular surface. According to the phase II clinical study data completed in the United States, compared to cyclosporine
eye drops currently commercialized for the treatment of dry eye, BRM421 has high safety and low irritation, as well as the potential
to quickly alleviate the signs and symptoms of dry eye within two weeks. Currently, the product has conducted phase III clinical
studies overseas. In terms of registration in China, it was approved to conduct phase II clinical study in April 2023.

Novel ophthalmic preparation GPN00884 for delaying the progression of myopia in children:
It is an innovative drug with a new mechanism jointly developed by the Group and the Eye Hospital of Wenzhou Medical University
(“WMU”). Compared with low-concentration atropine eye drops, GPN00884 eye drops have no mydriasis effect, no adverse
reactions such as photophobia and decreased accommodation, and the dosing period is not limited, which can improve patient
compliance. The product has been approved to conduct phase I clinical study in China in March 2024, and the enrollment and
administration of all subjects was completed in August of the same year.

GPN01768 (TP-03), a Global Innovative Ophthalmic Formulation for the Treatment of Demodex Blepharitis and Meibomian Gland
Disease with Demodex Mites:
is a non-competitive antagonist selective for gamma-aminobutyric acid-gated chloride channels (“GABA-Cl”). By selectively
inhibiting GABA-Cl in Demodex mites, TP-03 paralyzes and kills the mites, which are the root cause of Demodex blepharitis. The
product is highly lipophilic, which promotes its absorption into the oils of eyelash follicles where mites reside. Currently the
product has completed two pivotal clinical studies in the United States, both trials met the primary endpoint and all secondary
endpoints, with statistical significance and no serious treatment-related adverse events, and was approved for commercialization
by the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) in July 2023. It is the first and only drug approved by the FDA for
Demodex blepharitis. In addition, there are positive topline results of Phase II clinical research for the product in the United States
for the treatment of MGD patients with Demodex mites. In terms of registration in China, NDA of the product was submitted to the
NMPA and was accepted.

Cerebro-cardiovascular Emergency Segment
The Group’s cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment specializes in both emergency care and chronic disease management. In
terms of emergency care, the Group is listed as a “national essential drug production base”, an “emergency medicines manufacturer
for national ready reserve” and a “national centralized production base and construction unit for minority-variety medicines (drugs
in short supply)”, etc. with more than 30 varieties, 14 of which are included in the national emergency drugs catalogue of China,
while 16 of which are included in the shortage drugs catalogue, which has ranked the top in the industry in terms of product
pipeline. Our products cover three major emergency scenarios, namely in-hospital emergency care, pre-hospital emergency care
and civilian emergency care. Through this, we continue to provide cerebro-cardiovascular emergency patients in China with a
portfolio of safe and effective products with application in multiple scenarios and various choices. In terms of chronic disease
management, core products such as Neng Qi Lang, eplerenone tablets, Herbesser（合 貝 爽 及 合 心 爽) continue to lead the
segmented market. Currently, there are more than 20 products under research in the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment.
The Group will continue to invest in and develop products in the fields of cerebro-cardiovascular emergency and chronic disease
treatment that are in urgent clinical need through a combination of independent innovation and research and development and
making breakthroughs in difficult generic technologies.
38     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Cerebro-cardiovascular emergency products
The products mainly cover the fields of blood pressure control, vascular active drugs, myocardial metabolism, heart failure and
anticoagulation. The main products include Li Shu An (norepinephrine bitartrate injection, epinephrine hydrochloride injection),
Herbesser（合 貝 爽╱合 心 爽, diltiazem hydrochloride tablets/diltiazem hydrochloride extended-release capsule, diltiazem
hydrochloride injection), Neng Qi Lang (coenzyme Q10 tablets), Nuo Fu Kang (methoxamine hydrochloride injection), and
eplerenone tablets, etc.

Li Shu An®, the norepinephrine bitartrate injection and epinephrine hydrochloride injection:
The norepinephrine bitartrate injection is used for blood pressure control in acute low blood pressure state, and can also be used
for blood pressure maintenance after the resuscitation from cardiac arrest. The epinephrine hydrochloride injection is suitable for
severe respiratory difficulties caused by bronchospasm, which can quickly relieve the allergic shock caused by drugs, and is a major
rescue medication for cardiopulmonary resuscitation of cardiac arrest caused by various reasons. Both products are included in the
National Reimbursement Drug List and the National Essential Drug List, and the norepinephrine bitartrate injection passed the
consistency evaluation for the first time in China in 2021. As important emergency medicines, the two products are recommended
by a number of guidelines and expert consensus, such as the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in Primary
Care in China (2024) (《中國心力衰竭基層診斷與治療指南（2024）》), Chinese Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of
Bronchial Challenge Tests (2024 Edition) (《支氣管激發試驗臨床應用中國專家共識（2024版）》), the Consensus of Chinese
Emergency Experts on Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation during Pregnancy (《妊娠期心肺復蘇中國急診專家共識》), Guidelines for
the Diagnosis and Treatment of Acute Nonvaricose Upper Gastrointestinal Bleeding in Children in China (2024) (《中國兒童急性非
靜脈曲張性上消化道出血診治指南（2024）》), Chinese Consensus on Geriatric Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation Emergency (《中
國 老 年 心 肺 復 蘇 急 診 專 家 共 識》), the AHA Guidelines for Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation and Cardiovascular Emergency:
Advanced Cardiovascular Life Support for Adults (《AHA心肺復蘇與心血管急救指南：成人高級心血管生命支持》), the Expert
Consensus on the Application of Vasopressors in Emergency Shock (2021) (《血管加壓藥物在急診休克中的應用專家共識
(2021) 》), the Consensus of Chinese Emergency Medicine Experts on Diagnosis and Treatment of Post-Adult Cardiac Arrest
Syndrome (2021) (《成人心臟驟停後綜合症診斷和治療中國急診專家共識(2021)》), the Expert Consensus on Perioperative
Management of Elderly Septic Patients (2021) (《老年膿毒症患者圍術期管理專家共識(2021) 》), the European Academy of
Allergy and Clinical Immunology Guidelines: Anaphylaxis (2021 update), European Resuscitation Council Guidelines (2021), and the
clinical status of the products is remarkable.

Li Qi An® epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled):
In July 2022, the “epinephrine hydrochloride injection (pre-filled)” independently developed by the Group was approved for
commercialization. It is currently the first epinephrine pre-filled preparation being commercialized in China. At present, all other
epinephrine products for commercialization in China are packaged in ampoule bottles and are required to be prepared on site for
use, resulting in wastage of drug solution and inevitable generation of glass chips and causing the risk of secondary contamination.
The Group’s pre-filled packaging products do not need to be prepared and can be used directly, with the characteristics of
convenient operation, accurate medication, avoiding the generation of glass chips, and reducing secondary contamination. While
optimizing the quality of the products, it can maximize the precious rescue time for patients and provide a more efficient product
portfolio for doctors and patients to cope with more complex clinical emergency scenarios.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      39


Management Discussion and Analysis

Herbesser（合 貝 爽®及 合 心 爽®, diltiazem hydrochloride tablets/diltiazem hydrochloride extended-release capsule, diltiazem
hydrochloride injection):
As a typical calcium channel blocker with clear clinical efficacy and high safety features, the product is available in immediate-
release oral dosage form, extended-release dosage form and injectable dosage form, which can greatly satisfy the clinical needs of
patients with hypertension, coronary heart disease and other cerebro-cardiovascular diseases. It has been included in many
authoritative clinical guidelines and experts consensus, such as the Guidelines for Prevention and Treatment of Hypertension in
China (Revised Edition 2024) (《 中 國 高 血 壓 防 治 指 南(2024年 修 訂 版）》), the Guidelines for Rational Medication and
Comprehensive Management of Hypertension in Counties (《縣域高血壓合理用藥與綜合管理指南》), Chinese Guidelines for
the Diagnosis and Management of Patients with Chronic Coronary Syndrome (《中國慢性冠脈綜合征患者診斷及管理指南》),
Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of non-ST-Segment Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome (2024) (《非ST段抬高型急性
冠脈綜合征診斷和治療指南(2024)》), Chinese Expert Consensus on the Diagnosis and Treatment of Atrial Fibrillation in the
Elderly (2024) (《老年心房顫動診治中國專家共識（2024）》), the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Stable Coronary
Heart Disease (《穩定性冠心病診斷與治療指南》), the Guideline for Rational Medication of Supraventricular Tachycardia in
Primary Care (《室上性心動過速基層合理用藥指南》), the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment for Chinese Adult Patients
with Hypertrophic Cardiomyopathy (《中國成人肥厚型心肌病診斷與治療指南》) and the Chinese Guidelines on Diagnosis and
Management of Atrial Fibrillation (《心房顫動和治療中國指南》).

Neng Qi Lang®, the coenzyme Q10 tablets:
It is used to improve myocardial metabolism and energy supply, with the function of promoting oxidization phosphorylation
reaction and protecting structural integrity of biological membranes. For patients with chronic cardiac insufficiency, it can
significantly improve the symptoms of shortness of breath and fatigue, effectively combine with regular treatment to improve the
prognosis of patients, and improve their quality of life. The product has been commercialized for more than 30 years and has been
successively included in many guidelines and expert consensus, including Chinese Clinical Guidelines for the Diagnosis and
Treatment of Myocarditis in Adults 2024 (《中國成人心肌炎臨床診斷與治療指南2024》), Chinese Guidelines for the Diagnosis
and Treatment of Chronic Alcohol-related Brain Damage (2024) (《慢性酒精相關性腦損害的中國診療指南（2024）》), Expert
Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Hereditary Ataxia in China 2024 (《中國遺傳性共濟失調診治專家共識2024》), the
Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in China (2024 Edition) (《中國心力衰竭診斷和治療指南2024版》), the
Expert Consensus on Diagnosis and Treatment of Severe Fever with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome (《重症發熱伴血小板減少綜
合徵診治專家共識》), the Chinese Expert Consensus on the Clinical Application of Drugs to Improve Myocardial Metabolism (2021)
(《 改 善 心 肌 代 謝 藥 物 臨 床 應 用 中 國 專 家 共 識(2021) 》), the Guidelines for the Diagnosis and Treatment of Dilated
Cardiomyopathy 2018 in China（《2018中 國 擴 張 型 心 肌 病 診 斷 和 治 療 指 南》）and the Diagnosis and Treatment Advice for
Children’s Heart Failure (《兒童心力衰竭診斷和治療建議》).

Nuo Fu Kang®, the methoxamine hydrochloride injection:
It is used for the treatment of low blood pressure during general anesthesia and to prevent the occurrence of abnormal heart rate,
to treat low blood pressure induced by the internal obstruction of the vertebral tube and to terminate arrays of ventricular
hyperactivity. The product is the first generic drug of the Group in China and has been commercialized for more than 30 years. It
has been recommended for use by guidelines and expert consensus, including the Expert Consensus on Anesthesia Management
for Cranial Brain Disease Intervention in China (2016) (《中 國 顱 腦 疾 病 介 入 治 療 麻 醉 管 理 專 家 共 識(2016) 》), the Expert
Consensus on Perioperative Use of α1 Adrenergic Receptor Agonists (2017 Edition) (《α1腎上腺素能受體激動劑圍術期應用
專家共識(2017版）》), the Expert Consensus on Obstetric Anesthesia in China (2020) (《中國產科麻醉專家共識(2020)》), and the
Consensus on the Clinical Management of Chinese Experts in the Peripheral Anesthesia Period of Non-cardiac Surgery in Patients
with Cardiac Disease (2020) (《心臟病患者非心臟手術圍麻醉期中國專家臨床管理共識(2020年）》), the Guiding Opinions on
the Management of Peripheral Anesthesia in Chinese Geriatric Patients (2020) (《中國老年患者圍術期麻醉管理指導意見(2020)》)
and Expert Consensus on Anaesthesia Practice for Accelerated Recovery after Caesarean Section (2022)（剖宮產術後加速康復麻
醉實踐專家共識（2022））.
40     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Limetone® eplerenone tablets（力美通®依普利酮片）:
It is a new MRA drug. It can block heart disease and vascular damage caused by excessive activation of mineralocorticoid receptor
(“MR”) by binding to the MR. The Guidelines for Prevention and Treatment of Hypertension in China (2024 Edition) (《中國高血壓
防治指南（2024版）》), the Guidelines for Diagnosis and Treatment of Heart Failure in China 2024 (《中國心力衰竭診斷和治療指
南2024》), Chinese Expert Consensus on Blood Pressure Management for Refractory Hypertension (《難治性高血壓血壓管理中國
專家共識》) the Multidisciplinary Expert Consensus for Clinical Application of Mineralocorticoid Receptor Antagonists in China
(2022) (《鹽皮質激素受體拮抗劑臨床應用多學科中國專家共識（2022）》), the European Society of Hypertension/European
Society of Cardiology: Guidelines for the Management of Arterial Hypertension and the Guideline for the Management of Heart
Failure in the United States and many other well-known clinical guidelines and expert consensus at home and abroad recommend
the clinical use of MRA drugs in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases such as heart failure and hypertension. Compared with the
first-generation MRA drug Spironolactone, Eplerenone has higher MR selectivity and lower affinity for androgen receptor and
progesterone receptor, so it has less side effects and is a safe and effective new generation of MRA drug. This product was
approved for commercialization by the NMPA in August 2023, bridging the gap of second-generation selective mineralocorticoid
receptor antagonist drugs in China. In May 2024, the first prescription was issued and the commercialization was officially realized
in China. The product was officially included in the National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related
Injury Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2024 version) in November 2024.

Jext® pre-filled epinephrine auto-injector:
It is a one-off automatic syringe embedded with the sterile solution of epinephrine. By injecting single-dose epinephrine to the
outside of the leg muscle (muscle injection), the product can urgently treat sudden and life-threatening anaphylaxis caused by
insect bites, food, drugs or exercise. The product has been approved for commercialization in 21 countries or regions such as Spain,
the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Korea and Hong Kong of China, etc., and has been launched worldwide for more than 10
years. Its safety and efficacy have been fully verified. At present, the product has been granted approval for Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area Imported Pharmaceuticals for Urgent Clinical Needs in Mainland China in January 2023, and patients
can purchase the product in designated medical institutions in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area (“Greater Bay
Area”) of China.

Runmo Delin® Treprostinil Injection
Runmo Delin® is a rare disease medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is a synthetic analog of
endogenous prostacyclin, which works by acting on specific prostacyclin receptors and antagonizing thromboxane A2. This
mechanism promotes the relaxation of vascular smooth muscle, reduces thrombus formation, inhibits vascular wall cell
proliferation, increases blood flow, and alleviates the heart’s workload. When used in combination with existing treatment methods,
this product significantly improves the long-term survival rate of patients. It is recommended in both domestic and international
authoritative guidelines, including the 2022 ESC/ERS Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines (《2022
ESC/ERS肺動脈高壓診斷與治療指南》) and the China Pulmonary Arterial Hypertension Diagnosis and Treatment Guidelines (2021
Edition) (《中國肺動脈高壓診斷與治療指南（2021版）》). Runmo Delin® is one of only two approved treprostinil products in
China and was officially included in China’s National Reimbursement Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance, Work-Related Injury
Insurance and Maternity Insurance (2022 version) in January 2023. This inclusion significantly improves drug accessibility and
reduces treatment burden, benefiting a large number of patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      41


Management Discussion and Analysis

Pharmaceutical Raw Materials Segment
The Group’s pharmaceutical raw materials segment has a rich product pipeline and significant advantages in terms of product
concentration. As an important link in the front-end of the integrated supply chain of raw materials and preparations, the Group
owns a series of modernized production bases of pharmaceutical raw materials with complete equipment, superb technique,
outstanding industrialization capability and standardized quality control, and has already constructed a comprehensive industrial
system for integrated raw materials and preparations. With the strategy of “focusing on its advantages, pursuing steady
improvements, and combining imitation and innovation”, the Group focuses on four major areas, namely cerebro-cardiovascular,
anti-infection, antipyretic analgesic and the digestive system, and fully supports the production of preparations in the field of
pharmaceutical technology, so as to ensure high quality standard and consistency of the Company’s preparations at the source,
and truly realize the integration of upstream and downstream industrial advantages.

mRNA platform
The Group’s mRNA platform focuses on the development of anti-tumor and anti-infection mRNA drugs. Currently, the Group has
completed the establishment of mRNA production technology and liposomal nanoparticles (“LNP”) delivery technology platform.
ARC01 (A002), a therapeutic tumor vaccine against human papillomavirus type 16 (“HPV-16”)-positive advanced unresectable or
recurrent/metastatic solid tumors, which is under development by the platform, was approved to conduct a Phase I clinical study
in China in January 2024. It is the first mRNA therapeutic tumor vaccine against HPV-positive tumors that has been approved for
clinical trials in China. Through the LNP delivery technology, mRNAs encoding E6 and E7 antigens of HPV-16 transfect autologous
host cells and are translated into corresponding antigens, and then stimulate the body to produce specific humoral and cellular
immunity under the joint action of TriMix® immunoadjuvant, which can ultimately achieve anti-tumor effects. Among them, the
LNP delivery technology and TriMix® adjuvant technology are exclusive patented technologies that can significantly enhance the
body’s immune response and improve the immunotherapeutic effect of the vaccine.

Biotechnology
The Group pursues the concept of green, low-carbon and sustainable development and promotes high-quality development of the
segment with the world’s leading innovative technology in synthetic biotechnology. The amino acid products are the core business
in the field of biotechnology, and it is positioned as a global premium service provider of high-quality amino acids. The Group’s
development in the biological field focuses on technological innovation and the construction of high-quality systems. This strategy
is designed to enhance the Group’s integrated competitiveness in international markets through establishing technology and
quality-driven competitive moats and fully accelerating global regulatory approvals. Currently, there are approximately 120 R&D
personnel in the field of biotechnology, all of them possess professional backgrounds in cross-disciplinary disciplines such as
microbiology, applied chemistry, biochemistry, pharmacology and food science, hold nearly 300 invention patents and has led and
participated in the formulation of more than 60 national, industrial and group standards, with nearly 50 standards published. We
have a complete domestic and international quality system certification, and have won many honors such as the National Green
Factory（國家級綠色工廠）, Demonstration Enterprise of National Manufacturing Individual Champion（國家製造業單項冠軍示
範企業）, the National Specialized New Enterprise（國家專精特新企業）and the National Intellectual Property Demonstration
Enterprise（國家知識產權示範企業）.

Amino acids segment
The Group has been cultivating in the field of amino acids for more than 20 years and has always adhered to the spirit of
technological innovation, taking synthetic biology as the core, it pioneered a world’s leading innovative technology in China based
on biotechnology method to produce various amino acids, which filled the gap in the industry. The Group has undertaken the
project for national industrial strong foundation engineering and the industrial foundation transformation project of the PRC. As
the first company being awarded the certification of “equal production line; equal standard; equal quality” for the production of
amino acids in China, the Group is committed to ensuring the safety and stability of the supply chain and industrial chain of high-
quality amino acids in the country.
42     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

The Group has always adhered to the core business philosophy of “new technology, high quality, industrial chain, and
internationalization” and has continued to strengthen the expansion of the amino acid industry. Based on pharmaceutical-grade
amino acids and by leveraging our industrial advantages, the Group continues to expand into diversified amino acids.

New technology:
Rooted in the synthetic biology area, the Group has established eight core technology platforms spanning synthetic biology
design, enzyme engineering, fermentation engineering, process optimization, quality research and application transformation
through years of R&D innovation. These platforms enable end-to-end capabilities in cell factory engineering, precision fermentation
control, and full-chain bioprocess development. By integrating cross-disciplinary technological breakthroughs, the Group has
established a synergistic system that encompasses new product development, the engineering and industrialization of new
technologies, and application solutions, providing robust support for continuous innovation and industrial commercialization.
Notably, several proprietary technologies address critical gaps in China’s biomanufacturing value chain. Currently, the Group has
established long-term strategic cooperation relationship with a number of scientific research institutions such as Tsinghua
University, Wuhan University, Huazhong University of Science and Technology, East China University of Science and Technology,
Tianjin University of Science and Technology and Huazhong Agricultural University, under which, a new amino acid fermentation
technology and an enzyme expression system were developed. Meanwhile, the technological development of cell culture media-
level amino acid has been further deepened, ensuring a stable supply of raw materials for in-house cell culture media research. We
have applied the technologies of molecular biology and proteomics to modify the structure of biological enzymes, thus effectively
improving the activity of biological enzymes as well as the yield and quality of the products. Among them, the fermentation
production process with strain construction optimization as the core and the enzyme conversion production process with
immobilized enzymes as the core can not only replace the traditional chemical synthesis process, improving process safety and
production convenience, but also significantly reduce carbon dioxide emissions during the production process, which fully
manifests the development concept of energy saving, emission reduction and green environment protection of emission peak and
carbon neutrality, generating great economic and environmental benefits. The industrial technology highway built by the Group in
the amino acid segment is beginning to take shape, which has laid a solid foundation for Original technological innovation and
product industrialization.

The Group attaches great importance to the construction of R&D team and the close integration of production and research. At
present, the amino acid segment has a core technical team led by talents from the 100 Talents Plan of Hebei Province（湖北省百
人計劃）. The innovative model of combining production, academia, research and application in this segment, as well as the
echelon of technical innovation talents with clear division of labor and complementary strengths, has yielded fruitful results with
the number of granted invention patents ranking at the leading level in the same industry.

High quality:
The Group’s amino acid products have a complete quality certification system at home and abroad. Many core products have
passed the drug/food system certification and registration in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia, China and other
countries and regions, including European Union GMP certification, European Union REACH registration, Export to European Union
WC certification, the Accreditation certificate of foreign drug manufacturer in Japan, KFDA Registration in Korea; as well as the ISO
quality management system certification, the FSSC22000 food system certification, GRAS certification in the United States, the
HALAL certification, the KOSHER certification, etc. Such certifications not only guarantee regulatory compliance for core products in
foreign operations but also lay a strategic foundation for diversifying market applications and future expansion into new territories.
Meanwhile, the Group has also made efforts to increase registration in new economies such as South America, paving the way for
the global operation of core products of the Group. Our comprehensive system certification and registration have demonstrated
the Group’s strong competitiveness for business expansion in overseas markets.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   43


Management Discussion and Analysis

Industry chain:
The Group has nearly 50 types of various amino acids and their derivatives. It has 25 registered amino acid APIs and is the
pharmaceutical company with the largest number of registered amino acid APIs in China. The rich amino acid product cluster can
better meet the customized needs of the downstream market, provide one-stop services of multiple varieties and specifications,
and enhance customer adhesion in high-end application scenarios. In addition to raw material products, the Group is also actively
expanding its pharmaceutical preparation products. Two kinds of the self-developed functional dietary supplements have obtained
the U.S. FDA approval and realized commercialization in the United States. The Group already has over 10 independently
developed functional foods approved for commercialization in China.

Internationalization:
The sales network of the Group’s amino acid segment covers more than 140 countries and regions worldwide, including
mainstream markets in Europe, the United States, Japan, Southeast Asia and China, with overseas business accounting for more
than 40% of the total. Among which, some of our amino acid varieties ranking among the top three in terms of market share.
Relying on technological breakthroughs and cost advantages, the core products have long served domestic and international high-
quality customers including Fortune 500 companies, and established long-term and stable cooperative relationships with
customers in the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain as well as a high brand awareness and market reputation
worldwide, which has laid a solid customer base for the continuous and rapid growth of the segment’s performance.

Moving forward, the Group will continue to rely on its world-leading new bio-method manufacturing technology in the field of
high-quality amino acids, solid industrial base and industrial accumulation, rich amino acid product clusters, high-standard quality
certification systems, strong international registration and commercialization capabilities, with a focus on high-end parenteral
nutrition preparations, innovative peptide drugs, cell culture base and other pharmaceutical-related high value-added fields, as well
as functional dietary supplements such as sports protection, special medical and infant food, beauty and pet food and other large
health consumer areas. The extensive market space and huge development potential of the downstream segment will provide the
Group’s amino acid segment with strong and sustainable development momentum.

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue and profit
As of 31 December 2024, the business of the Group grew steadily and recorded a revenue of approximately HK$11,644.89 million
(2023: HK$10,529.59 million), representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 10.6%. If disregarding the impact of exchange
rate fluctuation between RMB and HK$, it increased by approximately 12.8% compared to the same period in 2023. During the
current period under review, the profit for the Period attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately HK$2,468.375
million (2023: HK$1,880.00 million), a year-on-year increase of approximately 31.3%. If disregarding the impact of exchange rate
fluctuation between RMB and HK$, it increased by approximately 34.0% as compared with the same period in 2023. After excluding
the effect of fair value change of Telix1, the profit for the Period attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately
HK$1,760.65 million (2023: HK$1,717.25 million), an increase of 2.5% compared to the same period of last year. If disregarding the
impact of exchange rate fluctuation between RMB and HK$, it increased by 4.6% compared to the same period in 2023.

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$816.21 million from the nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment technology products, representing an
increase of approximately 148.3%2 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$335.39 million). In particular, we
recorded a revenue of HK$589.46 million from the nuclear medicine anti-tumor segment, representing an increase of
approximately 176.6%2 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$217.45 million), mainly due to revenue
growth as a result of the rapid growth in clinical demand for core products and rapid sales growth of new products; and a revenue
of HK$226.75 million from the cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment segment.

Note:

1       The gain on fair value change of investment in Telix was approximately HK$707,721,000 (2023: HK$162,748,000).

2       Disregarding the impact of exchange rate fluctuation between RMB and HK$.
44       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$7,317.84 million from pharmaceutical technology products,
representing an increase of approximately HK$9.6%1 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$6,813.24
million). In particular, we recorded a revenue of approximately HK$1,709.26 million from the respiratory and critical and severe
disease segment, representing an increase of approximately 26.9%1 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately
HK$1,374.62 million), mainly due to the continued growth in clinical demand for core products, the sales growth of new products
Enerzair® Breezhaler® and Atectura® Breezhaler® and the rapid sales growth of new product Budesonide Nasal Spray after launch; a
revenue of approximately HK$2,704.30 million from the ENT segment, representing an increase of approximately 19.3%1 as
compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$2,313.62 million), mainly due to the growth driven by the sales of new
products; and a revenue of approximately HK$2,176.24 million from the cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment, representing a
decrease of 9.3%1 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$2,447.49 million), mainly due to the fact that some
products have been affected by the price reduction as a result of centralized procurement.

During the period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$3,510.84 million from biotechnology products, representing
an increase of approximately 5.9%1 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$3,380.96 million). In particular,
we recorded a revenue of approximately HK$2,762.28 million from the amino acid segment (including taurine), representing an
increase of approximately 2.2%1 as compared with the same period of 2023 (approximately HK$2,757.76 million), with a steady
growth in segment revenue.

Distribution costs and administrative expenses
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s distribution costs and administrative expenses were approximately HK$3,256.89
million and HK$1,365.37 million respectively as compared to approximately HK$2,567.63 million and HK$1,234.38 million
respectively for the same period of 2023. The distribution costs increased by approximately HK$689.26 million, mainly due to the
increased marketing efforts of new products during the Year. The administrative expenses also increased by approximately
HK$130.99 million as compared to the corresponding period of last year due to the consolidation of new subsidiaries during the
Year.

Finance costs
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s finance costs was approximately HK$180.24 million as compared to
approximately HK$205.15 million for the same period of 2023. The decrease in finance costs was due to a lower composite interest
rate achieved through debt refinancing initiatives.

R&D and project investment
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group continuously invested resources in the stages of research project and
introduction of innovative projects. If including the R&D expenses and also the capitalized R&D expenses, prepayments for new
projects and other investments, the Group’s investment in R&D and various projects was approximately HK$2,273.96 million.

Receivables and payables
As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s trade and other receivables amounted to approximately HK$3,454.59 million, representing an
increase of approximately HK$386.53 million as compared to the balance in 2023, mainly due to the increase in business during the
Year.

As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s trade and other payables amounted to approximately HK$2,928.09 million, representing an
increase of approximately HK$98.39 million as compared to the balance in 2023, mainly due to the increase in business during the
Year.


Note:

1       Disregarding the impact of exchange rate fluctuation between RMB and HK$.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       45


Management Discussion and Analysis

Significant Investments
The Group’s investments with value over 5% of value of its total assets are considered as significant investments. As at 31
December 2024, Group’s significant investments includes (i) Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited (“Grand Pharma Sphere”) and (ii)
Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Xudong Haipu”).

Grand Pharma Sphere is the holding company of a group of companies principally engaged in the research and development,
manufacturing and sales of nuclear medicine and interventional oncology products. The Group effectively owned approximately
57.98% equity interests of it. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group’s share of profit in Grand Pharma Sphere was
approximately HK$16.63 million (for the year ended 31 December 2023: loss of approximately HK$89.07 million).

Xudong Haipu and its subsidiaries is a group of companies principally engaged in the manufacturing and sales of pharmaceutical
injections of various volumes. The Group effectively owned 55% equity interests of it. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
Group’s share of profit in Xudong Haipu was approximately HK$123.77 million (for the year ended 31 December 2023:
approximately HK$106.43 million).

The quote fair value of significant investments in associates is not available, since the significant associates are private entities and
do not have quoted market price. The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in the consolidated financial
statements of the Group using the equity method of accounting.

The Group may consider to make investments in these associates due to different criteria, mainly including:

1.    Looking for opportunities to enter into new markets and expand product pools. For instance, the investment in Grand
      Pharma Sphere offered an opportunity for the Group to venture into the field of nuclear drug anti-tumor, and investment in
      other associates may help the Group get into other markets like grasp advanced technology and step into the global market
      of cardiovascular interventional medical devices;

2.    Looking for synergy effect to the Group’s existing products and markets. For example, Xudong Haipu’s core product line may
      create synergy with the Group’s preparation products, and enrich the Group’s core product pool in the areas of emergency
      medications and cerebro-cardiovascular and respiratory products. It can also strengthen the Group’s product quality, market
      share and brand in those areas; and

3.    Seeking opportunities to cooperate with companies in early R&D stage and obtain the commercial rights for products with
      strong potentials.

For further details of the product R&D and business prospects of these associates, please refer to the section with heading “Business
Review and Prospects” above.

R&D Center
Currently, the Group is involved in and has established a number of R&D technology platforms and R&D centers around the world:

In the field of pharmaceutical technology, the International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan, China is the main R&D body of
the Group in the pharmaceutical technology field in China, providing technical support for the R&D of the Group’s high-end
preparation products; the Glycomics technology platform is located at the R&D center in Australia, focusing on the development of
antiviral drugs; the mRNA technology platform is located in Nanjing, China, focusing on the development of anti-tumor and anti-
infective mRNA drugs, and will further expand into the fields of rare disease and protein replacement therapy in the future.
46      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

In the segment of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, the tumor intervention technology platform and the RDC
technology platform involve the Boston R&D Center in the United States, the Grand Pharmaceutical – Shandong University
Radiopharmaceutical Research Institute in Shandong, China and the Radiopharmaceutical R&D Center in Chengdu, China which is
about to be put into operation in 2025, respectively.

In the cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment sector, the Group’s high-end medical device R&D
technology platform comprises the International R&D Center in Optics Valley in Wuhan, the Changzhou Device R&D Center and the
Device R&D Center in Shanghai.

R&D Team
As a technology-based innovative pharmaceutical enterprise, the Group has long been committed to building a high-end
innovative R&D talent system to promote the global development of innovative projects. During the period, the Group, together
with its associates, has a total of more than 770 R&D personnel, of which over 525 are master’s degree and doctoral degree holders,
accounting for approximately 68%. All professional leaders and core team members of each segment have academic background
in clinical medicine or pharmacy, while some of whom also have overseas education or working experience.

Development of Generic Drugs
During the period under review, hydroxychloroquine sulfate tablets, diquaphosphate sodium eye drops, macitentan tablets,
pentoxifylline injection, metaraminol bitartrate injection, vigabatrin powder, olopatadine hydrochloride eye drops, eltrombopag
ethanolamine tablets, levofloxacin eye drops, nicorandil for injection, sodium hyaluronate eye drops (0.3%), polyvinyl alcohol eye
drops, and pemetrexed disodium for injection have been issued drug registration certificates by the NMPA.

Consistency Evaluation
During the period under review, hydroxychloroquine sulfate tablets, diquaphosphate sodium eye drops, macitentan tablets,
pentoxifylline injection, metaraminol bitartrate injection, vigabatrin powder, olopatadine hydrochloride eye drops, eltrombopag
ethanolamine tablets, levofloxacin eye drops, nicorandil for injection, sodium hyaluronate eye drops (0.3%), polyvinyl alcohol eye
drops, pemetrexed disodium for injection and magnesium sulfate injection were approved or deemed to have passed the
consistency evaluation, and new applications were made for aminophylline injection, phentolamine mesylate injection, metoprolol
tartrate injection, amikacin sulfate injection, isoproterenol hydrochloride injection, praproprofen eye drops, dexrazoxane for
injection, sodium ibandronate injection, pasireotide diaspartate injection, amorolfine hydrochloride ointment (5%), perindopril
amlodipine tablets, finasteride tablets, bilastine tablets, icatibant acetate injection, acetylcysteine solution for inhalation. At present,
a total of 48 products of the Group have been approved or deemed to have passed the consistency evaluation, and other 20
products are under review.

Intellectual Property Protection
During the period under review, the Group had an addition of 98 patent applications, of which 78 were invention patents,
accounting for 80%, and 16 new patent applications were submitted overseas. Among the 90 new patents being granted, 54 were
invention patents, accounting for 60%, and 6 were new foreign patents. The Group has accumulated 741 valid patents, of which
453 are valid invention patents. The Group attaches great importance to the protection of intellectual property rights in
independent innovation projects, with 174 patents in the field of innovation. There were 44 new patents applied relating to such
innovative fields as anti-infection, tumor, medical device and mRNA technology platform, accounting for 45% of the total number
of new patents applied by the Group. In addition, the core patents in respect of anti-infection field have been granted in China, the
United States, Europe, Japan, Korea, Israel, Singapore and Australia.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      47


Management Discussion and Analysis

Commercialization Capability
The Group’s sustained performance growth and continuous launch of profit-contributing innovative products are underpinned by
the strategic enhancement of its commercialization capabilities. As at the date of this announcement, the Group had over 4,600
sales personnel, of which more than 4,000 were in the pharmaceutical area (including OTC), covering more than 60,000 hospitals
and primary medical and healthcare institutions in China, of which more than 13,000 were ranked hospitals. In the OTC area, we
had over 1,200 sales personnel with a reach of more than 400,000 pharmacies in China. The cerebro-cardiovascular precision
interventional diagnosis and treatment segment had a sales team comprising more than 110 staff covering over 1,300 hospitals.
The nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment segment has more than 500 sales personnel worldwide, with its global
sales network covering more than 50 countries and regions. It has also actively carried out the hospital admission and academic
promotion of Yttrium-90 microsphere injections in China.

International Standard
Due to the continued acceleration of the globalization pace, the Group has various independently operating overseas companies
in the fields of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment, cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
treatment, and critical and severe diseases, etc. The Group has advanced overseas clinical trials of a number of global innovative
products and obtained eight clinical approvals in five countries, including the United States, Australia, Belgium, Poland and the
United Kingdom, involving a number of indications such as primary liver cancer and sepsis. Currently, the Group has more than 320
employees overseas.

Material Investment, M&A and Cooperation
The Group continued to implement the development strategy of “independent R&D + global expansion”, further exploring high-
quality innovative projects around the world to expand the Group’s product pipeline and enhance the Group’s comprehensive
strengths and putting vigorous efforts in transformation towards innovation and internationalization. During the reporting period,
the Group has carried out the following material investment, M&A and cooperation:

•     Acquisition of Equity Interest in Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology
      In December 2023 and January 2024, the Group entered into two equity interest investment agreements with Chongqing
      Duoputai Pharmaceutical Co., LTD. (“Duoputai Pharmaceutical”) to acquire 27% and 63% equity interest of Chongqing
      Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.*（重慶多普泰醫藥科技有限公司, “Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology”)
      at a consideration of approximately RMB189,540,000 and RMB442,260,000 respectively. The equity transfer was completed in
      January 2024 and February 2024 respectively and we acquired the product rights of its core traditional Chinese medicine
      products, Maixuekang series, Duoputai Pharmaceutical Technology has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
      Group. The acquisition not only enriched the Group’s traditional Chinese medicine product pipeline in the ENT segment, but
      also further consolidated the Group’s comprehensive market competitiveness in the direction of traditional Chinese
      medicine.

•     Introduction of a Global Innovative Product for the Treatment of Demodex Blepharitis and Meibomian Gland Disease with
      Demodex Mites
      In March 2024, the Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement for product introduction with LianBio
      Development (HK) Limited and Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Tarsus”). After the relevant conditions are met, the Group will
      acquire the exclusive development, production and commercialization rights in Greater China Region (only for the purpose
      of this agreement, means Mainland China Region, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Macau Special
      Administrative Region of China, and Taiwan Region of China) for GPN01768, a global innovative ophthalmic preparation (TP-
      03, lotilan eye drops, 0.25%) for the treatment of Demodex blepharitis and Meibomian Gland Disease with Demodex Mites
      with an upfront payment of USD15 million and a certain amount of registration milestone fees. This strategic cooperation will
      deepen the strategic plan of the Group’s products in the field of ophthalmology.
48    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

•    Acquisition of Equity Interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical
     In June 2024, Beijing Grand Jiuhe Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.*（北京遠大九和藥業有限公司）, a subsidiary of the Group, has
     acquired 100% equity of Baiji Pharmaceutical and obtained its technologically leading nasal spray preparations known-how
     at approximately RMB260 million. This acquisition is a major strategic plan of the Group in the respiratory and critical and
     severe disease segment. Baiji Pharmaceutical’s products will form a product portfolio with the Group’s Ryaltris® Compound
     Nasal Spray to fully meet the medication needs of patients with mild, moderate and severe allergic rhinitis, and at the same
     time, it can form a product portfolio with Enerzair ® Breezhaler ® (indacaterol acetate, glycopyrronium bromide and
     mometasone furoate powder for inhalation II) and Atectura® Breezhaler® (indacaterol acetate and mometasone furoate
     powder for inhalation II, III), to fully promote the construction of the Group’s inhaled preparation platform in the field of
     respiratory, further improve the comprehensive strategic plan in the production, research and sales in the direction of inhaled
     preparations in respiratory and critical and severe disease segment, and consolidate and enhance the Group’s
     comprehensive market competitiveness.

•    Acquisition of Equity Interest in Tianjin Tanabe
     In July 2024, the Group reached an acquisition agreement (the “Second Acquisition Agreement”) with the minority
     shareholders of Tianjin Tanabe, together with the first acquisition agreement dated December 2023, Grand Pharma (China)
     Co., Ltd. (“Grand Pharma (China)”), a subsidiary of the Group, has agreed to acquire 100% equity of Tianjin Tanabe for a total
     consideration of approximately RMB486 million. Both registration of equity transfer were completed in July 2024. The
     acquisition of Tianjin Tanabe’s remaining equity interest is a further strategic plan of the Group in the cerebro-cardiovascular
     emergency segment. After the Group fully takes over the business of Tianjin Tanabe, it will conduct a comprehensive
     integration and upgrade of Tianjin Tanabe’s resources to make it a new performance growth point for the Groups cerebro-
     cardiovascular emergency segment and benefit more patients with chronic diseases. Meanwhile, the Group’s significant
     advantages in the field of pharmaceutical raw materials can accelerate the manufacturing process of Tianjin Tanabe’s core
     products, further reducing production costs and enhancing product profitability. In addition, the Group can rapidly enter into
     the chronic disease market through Tianjin Tanabe, which greatly saves the time costs of exploring new markets. It is
     conducive to quickly establishing market advantages, thereby achieving the Group’s full coverage in the field of cerebro-
     cardiovascular disease treatment, from emergency rescue to chronic disease management, from injection preparations to
     oral preparations. It has also significantly expanded and improved the product portfolio of the Group’s cerebro–
     cardiovascular emergency segment, and further consolidating and enhancing the Group’s comprehensive market
     competitiveness. In the future, the increasing unmet medical demands in the field of chronic diseases and acute and severe
     diseases will create huge market opportunities, and will also provide momentum for the sustained and rapid growth of the
     Group’s performance.

•    Introduction of a Global Innovative Product for the Treatment of Dry Eye
     In December 2024, the Group entered into a strategic cooperation agreement for product introduction with Corxel
     Pharmaceuticals Hong Kong Limited (“Corxel”). According to the agreement, after the relevant conditions are met, the Group
     will obtain the exclusive development and commercialization rights in Greater China Region (only for the purpose of this
     agreement, means Mainland China Region, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of China, Macau Special Administrative
     Region of China, and Taiwan Region of China) for varenicline tartrate nasal spray (“OC-01”), the world’s first innovative product
     for the treatment of dry eye, and OC-02 (Simpinicline) nasal spray (“OC-02”). This strategic cooperation will further deepen the
     strategic plan of the Group’s innovative products in the field of ophthalmology.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      49


Management Discussion and Analysis

INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Group has been committing to improving its corporate governance to ensure the long-term development. During the period,
the Group published annual reports, annual results announcements, and other announcements and circulars on the websites of
the Company and the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and issued voluntary announcements, so as to disclose the
latest business developments of the Group to shareholders and investors.

At the same time, the Group actively maintains close communication with investors through various channels, including securities
company roadshows, large-scale telephone conferences, one-on-one meetings and other diversified communication methods, to
introduce the Group’s business situation, development progress and overseas member companies’ businesses to investors, and
simultaneously releases the latest business updates through different media channels, aiming to build an open, two-way,
transparent and sincere communication platform, so that investors can keep abreast of the Group’s business progress and
development prospects. During the period, the Group actively communicated with the capital market and investors through results
announcements and joint arrangement of investor open days with strategic partners, and participated in a number of summits,
forums, strategy conferences and special roadshows held by large investment banks and securities companies, attracting hundreds
of institutional investors and analysts. Through communication with investors, the Group hopes to listen to more valuable opinions
and extensively collect feedback from investors by establishing an active and efficient information and communication mechanism,
so as to further enhance its corporate governance.
50    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

OTHER SIGNIFICANT MATTERS
1.   Litigations

     With reference to the disclosure in the annual report and interim reports of the Company between 2016 to 2024, Tianjin
     Jingming, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product
     quality incident, and it is also claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible
     loss suffered by the Company. Up to 31 December 2024, the court has concluded 75 cases. Among the final and effective
     judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB40,199,645.99
     in according to the court orders. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of the Group, and (2) according to the
     terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be
     responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015, and Grand Pharma (China) had claimed the
     original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered. According to the final
     judgment by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should compensate to us approximately
     RMB38,571,178.17 as the existing compensate and liquidated damages at the point of the judgment. After the execution of
     the enforcement order from the people’s court, Grand Pharma (China) has got properties and cash at approximately over
     RMB7.52 million in aggregate from the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, and the outstanding amount is still under
     enforcement processes. Also Grand Pharma (China) has the right to raise litigation claiming the original shareholders of
     Tianjin Jingming for the subsequent possible payment of the indemnification related to such product quality incident made
     by Tianjin Jingming. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have
     material impact to the Group.

     According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group
     that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic
     sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions（灌注液）) of Tianjin Jingming for the
     period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance
     Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the share
     transfer consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014.
     The Group raised a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial,
     second trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It was concluded that the
     Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration (recovered) deposited in the bank account jointly
     controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11,228,044.48 share
     transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to
     now, the case has been applied to the People’s Court for enforcement and has been accepted. The Group has followed the
     judgement from the court and got back the RMB10 million deposited its interest of RMB644,135 in the bank account jointly
     controlled by the Group and the vendors.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024        51


Management Discussion and Analysis

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
As at 31 December 2024, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding share options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme, and there were no outstanding share options as at 31
December 2024.

Financial Resources and Liquidity
As at 31 December 2024, the Group had current assets of HK$8,025.52 million (31 December 2023: HK$7,016.15 million) and current
liabilities of HK$6,573.22 million (31 December 2023: HK$5,731.44 million). The current ratio was 1.22 at 31 December 2024 as
compared with 1.22 at 31 December 2023.

The Group’s cash and bank balances as at 31 December 2024 amounted to HK$1,340.98 million (31 December 2023: HK$1,339.71
million), of which approximately 11.9% was denominated in Hong Kong dollars, United States Dollars, Australian Dollars, Euros and
other currencies, and 88.1% in RMB.

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had outstanding bank loans of approximately HK$4,359.16 million (31 December 2023:
HK$3,284.52 million) were granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong. All bank loans were denominated in RMB and HK$. The
interest rates charged by banks ranged from 2.20% to 5.58% (31 December 2023: 2.50% to 7.07%) per annum, in which
approximately HK$1,991.70 million bank loans were charged at fixed interest rate. Certain bank loans were pledged by assets of the
Group with a net book value of HK$85.14 million (31 December 2023: HK$121.03 million). The gearing ratio of the Group, measured
by bank borrowings as a percentage of shareholders’ equity, was approximately 26.4% as at 31 December 2024 while it was also
approximately 21.5% as at 31 December 2023.

Since the Group’s principal activities are in the PRC and the financial resources available, including cash on hand and bank
borrowings, are mainly in RMB and Hong Kong Dollars, the exposure to foreign exchange fluctuations is relatively low.

The Group intends to principally finance its operations and investing activities with its operating revenue, internal resources and
bank facilities. The Directors believe that the Group has a healthy financial position and has sufficient resources to satisfy its capital
expenditure and working capital requirement. The Group adopted a conservative treasury policy with most of the bank deposits
being kept in Hong Kong dollars, or in the local currencies of the operating subsidiaries to minimize exposure to foreign exchange
risks. As at 31 December 2024, the Group did not have foreign exchange contracts, interest or currency swaps or other financial
derivatives for hedging purposes.
52     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operations, and business prospects may be affected directly or indirectly, by a number of
risks and uncertainties pertaining to the Group’s businesses. To the best of knowledge and belief, the Directors consider that the
following are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group as at the date of this report.

Market Risks
Market risk is the risk that deteriorates profitability or affects ability to meet business objectives arising from the movement in
market prices, being foreign exchange rates and interest rates. The management of the Group manages and monitors these
exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

Foreign Exchange Rates Risk
The Group mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions settled in RMB. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the
Group did not carry out other hedging activity against foreign currency risk. Any substantial exchange rate fluctuation of foreign
currencies against Renminbi may have a financial impact on the Group.

Interest Rate Risk
For interest-sensitive products and investments, the Group analyses its interest rate exposure on a dynamic basis and considers
managing the risk in a cost-effective manner when appropriate, through variety of means.

Liquidity Risk
Liquidity risk is the potential that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations when they fall due because of an inability to
obtain adequate funding or liquidate assets. In managing liquidity risk, the Group monitors cash flows and maintains an adequate
level of cash and cash equivalent to ensure the ability to finance the Group’s operations and reduce the effects of fluctuation in
cash flows.

Operational Risk
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems or from external events.
Responsibility for managing operational risks basically rests with every function at divisional and departmental levels. Key functions
in the Group are guided by their standard operating procedures, limits of authority and reporting framework. The management will
identify and assess key operational exposures regularly so that appropriate risk response can be taken.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      53


Management Discussion and Analysis

Investment Risk
Investment risk can be defined as the likelihood of occurrence of losses relative to the expected return on any particular
investment. Key concern of investment framework will be balancing risk and return across different investments, and thus risk
assessment is a core aspect of the investment decision process. Proper authorisation system has been set up and detailed analysis
will be made before approving investments. Regular updates on the progress of the investments of the Group would be submitted
to the Board.

Economic Environment
Most of the Group’s facilities, operations and its revenue are located in and derived from Mainland China and Hong Kong, the PRC.
The Group’s results of operations and financial condition therefore depend on the economies of Mainland China and Hong Kong,
the PRC. The economy of Hong Kong is significantly affected by the developments in the Mainland China and the Asia-Pacific
region. Mainland China’s economy may experience negative economic developments, and other regional economies may also
deteriorate.

The Group also has significant business across the PRC and part of its growth strategy is to expand into new regions. These regions
have also been adversely affected by the global economic slowdown and any continued slowdown may have an adverse effect on
the Group’s existing operations in, and planned expansion into, these regions.

Environmental Policies
The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment and is committed to building an environmentally-
friendly corporation that pays close attention to conserving natural resources. The Group strives to minimize its environmental
impact by reducing water consumption and encouraging recycle of office supplies and other materials.

Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations
Save as disclosed above, during the year ended 31 December 2024, as far as the Company is aware, there was no material breach
of or non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations by the Group that have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group.

Key Relationships
(i)     Employees

        Human resources are one of the greatest assets of the Group and the Group regards the personal development of its
        employees as highly important. The Group aims to continue to be an attractive employer for committed employees. The
        Group strives to motivate its employees with a clear career path and opportunities for advancement and improvement of
        their skills.

(ii)    Suppliers

        The Group has developed long-standing relationships with a number of suppliers and take a great care to ensure that they
        share its commitment to quality and ethics. The Group cautiously selects its suppliers and requires them to satisfy certain
        assessment criteria including experience, reputation and quality control effectiveness.

(iii)   Customers

        The Group is committed to offer quality products to its customers and keep them informed its latest business developments.
54     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Management Discussion and Analysis

Employees and Remuneration Policy
As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed about 11,987 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2023:
about 10,534). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience and their remuneration package
will be reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme,
appropriate training program and share option scheme.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
Save as disclosed above, there was no other significant investment during the year.

CONTRACTUAL AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
As at 31 December 2024, the Group as lessor had operating lease commitments of HK$2.22 million (2023: HK$0.38 million).

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had capital commitments of HK$2,239.60 million (2023: HK$1,246.60 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As at 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any material contingent liabilities.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
(a)   On 21 February 2025, the Group entered into the Supplemental Agreement with Nanjing Fund, Shanghai Hongsheng,
      NanJing Kainite Medical Technology Company Limited and its Subsidiary to, among other things, confirm the exercise of
      Grand Pharmaceutical’s right to carry out the Acquisition from Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng at the Estimated
      Valuation, and further set out the payment terms of the Acquisition Consideration. Pursuant to the Original Agreement,
      Grand Pharmaceutical has the right to acquire all of the remaining equity interest in the NanJing Kainite Medical Technology
      Company Limited and its Subsidiary. Grand Pharmaceutical intends to exercise its right to carry out the Acquisition from
      Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng with the Acquisition Consideration set with reference to the Estimated Valuation of
      RMB357,000,000 in proportion to their respective equity interest holding in the Target Company (i.e. RMB109,384,800 in
      aggregate for the Acquisition from Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng). Upon completion of the Acquisition from
      Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng, the Target Company will be owned as to 59.91% by Grand Pharmaceutical.

(b)   On 28 February 2025, the Group has disposed part of the Group’s shareholding in Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited (“Telix”, a
      company listed in the Australian Securities Exchange and the United States Nasdaq, stock code: ASX: TLX, Nasdaq: TLX), off
      the market, approximately 45.2% of its holding (4,947,181 shares) in Telix at a value of approximately AU$143 million.

APPRECIATION
On behalf of the board of Directors (the “Board”), I would like to express my gratitude to our management and staff for their
dedication and contribution to the Group, and our shareholders and business associates for their continued support throughout
the year.




Dr. Tang Wei Kun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 12 March 2025
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       55


Corporate Governance Report

The Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code Provisions”) as
set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange during the year
ended 31 December 2024. This report also provides the status of the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance
Report as set out in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules as follows:

DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out
in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors. Having made specific
enquiries of all Directors, the Directors have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code during the year ended
31 December 2024.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Board is responsible for formulating and reviewing business strategies and directions, overseeing the management and
monitoring the performance of the Group. While the management is delegated by the Board to execute these business strategies
and directions and is responsible for the daily operations of the Group.

Currently, the Board comprises 4 executive Directors – Dr. Tang Weikun, Mr. Zhou Chao, Mr. Yang Guang and Ms. Lam Chit Yee
Jessica and 4 independent non-executive Directors – Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, Dr. Xing Li Na, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Dr. Tang
Weikun is the Chairman and Mr. Zhou Chao is the Chief Executive Officer. There is no relationship among members of the Board.

The roles of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer are clearly defined and segregated to ensure independence and proper
checks and balances. Dr. Tang, as Chairman of the Board, with his strategic vision, provides leadership to the Board and gives
direction in the development of the Group, which is of added benefit to the check and balance mechanism of the Group. Mr. Zhou,
as the Chief Executive Officer, focuses on the day-to-day management of the Group’s business, and leads the management team of
the Group.

The Board believes that the balance between executive and non-executive Directors is reasonable and adequate to provide check
and balance that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.

The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from all independent non-executive Directors in accordance with
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all independent non-executive Directors are independent and meet the
independent guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors are appointed for a term of one year and are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the general meetings
in accordance with the Company’s Bye-Laws.

BOARD AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT DIVERSITY POLICY
The Company has implemented a board and senior management diversity policy with the aim to set out the approach to achieve
diversity in the Board and at the senior management level. The Company sees increasing diversity at Board and senior
management level as essential to supporting attainment of its strategic objectives and to achieve sustainable and balanced
development. In designing the composition of the Board and the senior management, the diversity has been considered from a
number of perspectives, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional
experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be
considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the benefits of diversity. It should have a balance of skills and experience
and a diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s business.

The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits of having a diverse Board and senior management team to enhance the
quality of its performance. Currently the Board and senior management team comprises 8 male and 3 female.
56     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Governance Report

TRAINING, INDUCTION AND CONTINUING DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Directors complied with the paragraph A.6.5 of the Code Provision on participation
in continuous professional training as follows:

                                                                                                                        Mode of participation
                                                                                                                               a                           b


Dr. Tang Weikun                                                                                                                    ✓                      ✓
Mr. Zhou Chao                                                                                                                      ✓                      ✓
Mr. Yang Guang                                                                                                                     ✓                      ✓
Dr. Shi Lin                                                                                                                        ✓                      ✓
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                                                                                                           ✓                      ✓
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                                                                                            ✓                      ✓
Dr. Xing Li Na                                                                                                                     ✓                      ✓
Mr. Hu Yebi                                                                                                                        ✓                      ✓
Dr. Pei Geng                                                                                                                       ✓                      ✓

a:    Directors received regular briefings and updates from the Company Secretary/the Company’s management on the Group’s business, operations and
      corporate governance matters.

b:    Directors read technical bulletins, periodicals and other publications on subjects relevant to the Group and/or on their responsibilities and obligations
      under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory requirements.


AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Company has established an Audit Committee with written terms of reference for the purpose of monitoring the integrity of
the financial statements and overseeing the financial reporting process and the internal control system of the Group. The Audit
Committee is also responsible for the appointment of external auditors and assessment of their qualifications, independence and
performance.

Currently, the Audit Committee consists of four independent non-executive Directors namely, Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
(Chairwoman), Dr. Xing Li Na, Mr. Hu Yebi and Dr. Pei Geng. Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, has appropriate professional qualifications as
required by 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2024 and reviewed the accounting principles and
practices adopted by the Group and discussed financial reporting matters including a review of the interim and annual financial
statements. The Audit Committee also met with the external auditors to discuss auditing, internal control, statutory compliance and
financial reporting matters before recommending the financial statements to the Board for approval. There was no disagreement
between management and the external auditors with regard to the interim and annual financial statements.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      57


Corporate Governance Report

REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Remuneration Committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the Remuneration Committee
is chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with executive Directors Dr. Tang Weikun and Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica, and an independent
non-executive Director Mr. Hu Yebi as members.

The Remuneration Committee is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for
the remuneration of all Directors and senior management and reviewing specific remuneration package of all Directors and senior
management including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office and appointment. The remuneration
should reflect the performance, complexity of duties and responsibility of the individual. The Remuneration Committee met three
times during the year to review the remuneration policy for all Directors and senior management and considered the revised terms
of reference of the Nomination Committee.

The remuneration of Directors and senior management comprises salary, pensions and discretionary bonus. Details of the Directors’
emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
The Company has established a Nomination Committee with written terms of reference. Currently, the Nomination Committee is
chaired by Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie with an executive Director Mr. Zhou Chao and an independent non–executive Director Mr. Hu
Yebi as members.

The Nomination Committee is responsible for assisting the Board in the overall management of the nomination practices of the
Company to ensure that effective policies, processes and practices are implemented in respect of the appointment and removal of
Directors. The Nomination Committee considers the past performance, qualification, general market conditions and the Company’s
Bye-laws in seeking and recommending candidates for directorship.

The Nomination Committee held three meetings in 2024 to review the structure, size and composition of the Board, assess the
independence of the independent non-executive Directors and other related matters of the Company.

ATTENDANCE RECORD AT MEETINGS
The attendance records of each Director at the various meetings of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set
out as below:

                                                                    Meetings Attended/Held
                                           Annual
                                          General                                Audit      Remuneration          Nomination
Directors                                 Meeting               Board        Committee        Committee            Committee


Dr. Tang Weikun                                1/1              36/36                N/A                3/3                N/A
Mr. Zhou Chao                                  1/1              36/36                N/A                N/A                3/3
Mr. Yang Guang                                 1/1              36/36                N/A                N/A                N/A
Dr. Shi Lin                                    1/1              16/16                N/A                N/A                N/A
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                        1/1              34/36                2/2                3/3                3/3
Mr. Hu Yebi                                    1/1              36/36                2/2                3/3                3/3
Dr. Pei Geng                                   1/1              36/36                2/2                N/A                N/A
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                       N/A              15/15                N/A                N/A                N/A
Dr. Xing Li Na                                 N/A              20/20                1/1                N/A                N/A
58     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Governance Report

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
During the year, the auditors performed the work of statutory audit for the year of 2024. Audit fees for the year under review
payable/paid to the auditors of the Company, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, amounted to HK$3,980,000.

FINANCIAL REPORTING
The Board has overall responsibility for preparing the accounts of the Group. In preparing the accounts, the generally accepted
accounting policies in Hong Kong have been adopted and the Group has complied with accounting standards issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Appropriate accounting policies have also been applied consistently. The Directors
are not aware of any other material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast doubt upon the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges that it has overall responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems and for
reviewing their effectiveness. The Company has an internal audit team which carries out the analysis and independent appraisal of
the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems and reports to the Board. The
Board also ensures that the review of the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been
considered during the Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks
since the last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; and (ii) the
scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the Board has conducted its regular and annual review of the effectiveness of
our risk management and internal control systems, in particular, the operational and financial reports, compliance control and risk
management reports, budgets and business plans provided by the management. The Audit Committee of the Company also
performs regular review of the Group’s performance, risk management and internal control systems and discusses with the Board,
in order to ensure effective measures are in place to protect material assets and identify business risks of the Group. Such review in
the financial year ended 31 December 2024 did not reveal any major issues and the Board considers our risk management and
internal control systems effective and adequate. The Group’s review procedures involved in the risk management and internal
control mainly included:

(1)   A list of risks was created after the scope of risks was determined and risks were identified.

(2)   The impacts brought by possible financial losses due to risks on operating efficiency, continuous development, and
      reputation were assessed with reference to possible occurrence of various potential risks and the attention drawn from the
      management of the Group, based on which the priority of the risks was determined.

(3)   Our risk management measures with respect to material risks were identified, internal control over the design and
      implementation of risk management measures were assessed, and measures to improve the weaknesses were formulated.

(4)   By assessing internal controls and management’s implementation of rectification measures with respect to material risks, the
      Group regularly reviewed and summarized the risk management and internal control systems to realize the efficient
      operation and constant improvement of risk management.

(5)   The risk management handbook was formulated to address risk management and internal control, pursuant to which, the
      terms of reference of the management, the Board, and the Audit Committee with respect to their risk management work
      were clearly determined, and risk management and internal control systems were monitored on an ongoing basis.

(6)   The management submitted reports to the Audit Committee on regular reviews and assessment results with respect to risk
      management and internal control systems, material risk factors, and the relevant countermeasures.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     59


Corporate Governance Report

In order to enhance the Group’s system of handling inside information, and to ensure the truthfulness, accuracy, completeness and
timeliness of its public disclosures, the Group also adopts and implements an inside information policy and procedures. Certain
reasonable measures have been taken from time to time to ensure that proper safeguards exist to prevent a breach of a disclosure
requirement in relation to the Group, which include:

(1)   The access of information is restricted to a limited number of employees on a need-to-know basis. Employees who are in
      possession of inside information are fully conversant with their obligations to preserve confidentiality.

(2)   Confidentiality agreements or confidentiality clauses are in place when the Group enters into significant negotiations.

(3)   The executive Directors are designated persons who speak on behalf of the Company when communicating with external
      parties such as the media, analysts or investors.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board has adopted the terms of reference on corporate governance functions. The terms of reference of the Board in respect
of corporate governance function are summarised as follows:

•     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

•     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

•     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices to ensure compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

•     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors;
      and

•     to review the Company’s compliance with the Code Provisions and its disclosure requirements in the Corporate Governance
      Report.

The work performed by the Board on corporate governance functions during the year ended 31 December 2024 included
developing and reviewing the Company’s policies on corporate governance and review the Company’s compliance with the Code
Provisions.

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company establishes different communication channels with shareholders and investors. Electronic version or printed copies
of the annual and interim reports and circulars are sent based on shareholders’ selected communication method to shareholders
based on the method they chose. Shareholders are encouraged to attend general meetings of the Company which allows the
Directors to meet and communicate with them.
60     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Corporate Governance Report

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company
carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board
or the secretary of the company, to require a special general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition.

Any number of shareholders representing not less than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the shareholders of the
Company or not less than 100 shareholders can put forward any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at general
meetings of the Company by depositing a requisition in writing at the principal office of the Company. The requisition must be
signed by the relevant shareholder(s).

Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing through the company secretary of the
Company whose contact details are as follows:

Unit 3302, The Center,
99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong
Email: victor.foo@chinagrandpharm.com

Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
In 2023, the Company adopted certain amendments to the Bye-laws of the Company in order to bring the Bye-laws in line with (i)
the relevant requirements of the Listing Rules, including the core shareholder protection standards set out in Appendix A1 to the
Listing Rules, and the applicable laws of Bermuda; and (ii) making other housekeeping amendments, including consequential
amendments in line with the above amendments to the Existing Bye-laws. The amended Bye-laws of the Company is available on
the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       61


Report of the Directors

The Directors are pleased to present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
year ended 31 December 2024.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. Details of the principal activities of its principal subsidiaries and associates are set
out in notes 21 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 is set out in the section “Management Discussion and
Analysis” on pages 20 to 54 of this annual report.

Description of principal risks and uncertainties that may be faced by the Group can be found in the section “Management
Discussion and Analysis – Principal Risks and Uncertainties” on pages 52 to 54 of this annual report.

An analysis of the Group’s performance during the year using financial key performance indicators is set out in the section
“Management Discussion and Analysis – Financial Resources and Liquidity” on page 51 of this annual report. In addition, discussions
on the Group’s environmental policies and compliance with relevant laws and regulations which may have a significant impact on
the Group are set out in the section “Management Discussion and Analysis – Environmental Policies” and “Management Discussion
and Analysis – Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations” separately on page 53 of this annual report.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the state of affairs of the Group at that date are set out on
pages 81 to 206.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy, in considering the payment of dividends, to allow shareholders of the Company to
participate in the Company’s profits whilst retaining adequate reserves for future growth of the Group. The Board shall consider the
following factors before recommending or declaring dividends:

i.     The Company’s actual and expected financial performance;

ii.    Retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

iii.   The Group’s working capital, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion plans;

iv.    The Group’s liquidity position;

v.     General economic conditions, business cycle of the Group and other internal or external factors that may have an impact on
       the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

vi.    Other factors that the Board deems relevant.

The payment of dividend is also subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations including the laws of Bermuda and the
Company’s Bye-laws. The Board will review the dividend policy from time to time and there can be no assurance that dividend will
be paid in any particular amount for any given period.
62     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of approximately HK$910.471 million at 26 HK cents per share (2023:
HK$905.141 million at 26 HK cents per share) for the year ended 31 December 2024. No interim dividend was declared during the
year (2023: Nil).

RESERVES
Details of the movements in reserves of the Group and of the Company during the year are set out in the consolidated statement
of changes in equity and note 39 to the consolidated financial statements respectively. As at 31 December 2024, the Company’s
reserves available for distribution, calculated in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations of Bermuda, amounted to
approximately HK$7,640,695,000 (2023: approximately HK$7,538,514,000).

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial
statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would oblige the
Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries and associates at 31 December 2024 are set out in notes 21 and 19 to the consolidated
financial statements respectively.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year are set out in note 16 to the consolidated
financial statements.

BANK BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank borrowings of the Group during the year are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the year and up to the date of this report are:

Executive Directors
Dr. Tang Weikun
Mr. Zhou Chao
Mr. Yang Guang
Dr. Shi Lin (resigned on 24 June 2024)
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica (appointed on 27 August 2024)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie
Dr. Xing Li Na (appointed on 24 June 2024)
Mr. Hu Yebi
Dr. Pei Geng
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       63


Report of the Directors

Pursuant to bye-law 87(1), Mr. Yang Guang, Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica and Dr. Xing Li Na will retire from office at the forthcoming
annual general meeting. Mr. Yang Guang, Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica and Dr. Xing Li Na, being eligible, offer themselves for re-
election of the forthcoming annual general meeting.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
There is no unexpired service contract which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation other than statutory compensation. Each of the independent non-executive Directors has been appointed pursuant
to a letter of appointment for a term of one year, which is renewable automatically for successive terms of one year after the expiry
of the term of appointment, unless terminated by not less than three months’ notice in writing served by either party.

DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the year was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief
executive of the Company to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTION, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, or any of its holding
company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in which Directors had a material interest, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY
As at 31 December 2024, the Group employed about 11,987 staff and workers in Hong Kong and the PRC (31 December 2023:
about 10,534). The Group remunerates its employees based on their performance and experience and their remuneration package
will be reviewed periodically by the management. Other employee benefits include medical insurance, retirement scheme,
appropriate training program and share option scheme.

COMPETING INTEREST
No Directors or the management shareholders of the Company (as defined in the Listing Rules) had an interest in a business which
competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the related party transactions entered by the Group are all disclosed note 40 in the
consolidated financial statements and in the section “Continuing Connected Transactions” in the Report of the Directors below,
and had complied with the relevant requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Save as mentioned in these 2 sections,
there were no other discloseable non-exempted connected transactions or non– exempted continuing connected transactions
under the Listing Rules. To the extent of the related party transactions as disclosed in note 40 to the financial statements
constituted connected transaction or continuing connected transaction, the Company had complied with the relevant
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year.
64     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered the following continuing connected transactions which are subject
to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules:

(1)   On 30 June 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement (the “Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement”) with
      Huadong Medicine. Pursuant to the Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) or its related companies
      shall supply pharmaceutical preparations, raw materials and related services to Huadong Medicine or its related companies,
      and the maximum annual amount of products to be sold by the Group to Huadong Medicine for each of the year ended 31
      December 2024 and 31 December 2025 shall not exceed RMB142.00 million and RMB143.00 million respectively (the
      “Huadong Medicine Supply Caps”). In 2024, the transaction amount under Huadong Medicine Supply Agreement was
      approximately RMB132.398 million.

(2)   On 30 June 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into a purchase agreement (the “Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement”) with
      Hebei Yuanda Jiufu Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (“Yuanda Jiufu”). Pursuant to the Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement, Grand Pharm
      (China) or its related companies shall purchase raw materials for the production of steroid hormone products and other
      pharmaceutical products from Yuanda Jiufu or its related companies, and the maximum annual amount of products to be
      purchased by Yuanda Jiufu from the Group for each of the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 shall not
      exceed RMB165.00 million and RMB196.00 million respectively (the “Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Caps”). In 2024, the transaction
      amount under Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement was approximately RMB159.48 million.

(3)   On 30 June 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into a sub-contracting agreement (the “Yuanda Jiufu Sub-contracting
      Agreement”) with Yuanda Jiufu. Pursuant to the Yuanda Jiufu Sub-contracting Agreement, Grand Pharm (China) shall engage
      Yuanda Jiufu and its related companies for the provision of processing services for the production of amino acid products
      and other pharmaceutical products, and the maximum annual amount of processed products to be consigned by the Group
      to Yuanda Jiufu for each of the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2025 shall not exceed RMB85.00 million and
      RMB86.00 million respectively (the “Yuanda Jiufu Sub-contracting Caps”). In 2024, the transaction amount under Yuanda Jiufu
      Sub-contracting Agreement was approximately RMB26.014 million.

(4)   On 15 November 2024, Beijing Purevalley Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)
      (“Beijing Purevalley”) and Chengdu Purevalley Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (an indirect non wholly-owned subsidiary of the
      Company) (“Chengdu Purevalley”) entered into the 2024 Distribution Agreement with Sirtex Medical, respectively. Pursuant
      to the 2024 Distribution Agreement, Beijing Purevalley and Chengdu Purevalley act as the exclusive distributors for the resale
      of products, with the Group’s aggregate purchase caps from Sirtex Medical for the periods from the effective date of the
      terms until 31 December 2024 and from 1 January 2025 to 14 November 2025 being RMB67,155,000 and RMB54,945,000
      respectively. In 2024, the purchase amount under the 2024 Distribution Agreement is approximately RMB56.141 million.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      65


Report of the Directors

As Huadong Medicine and Baoding Jiufu are regarded as connected persons of the Company since they are associates of the China
Grand (which is a substantial shareholder of the Company), and the subject matters of each of the Huadong Medicine Supply
Agreement, China Grand Supply Agreement, Yuanda Jiufu Purchase Agreement, and Yuanda Jiufu Sub-Contracting Agreement
(collectively known as the “China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements”) are similar in nature, pursuant to Rule
14A.81 of the Listing Rules the transactions between the Group and each of these companies would be aggregated. As the
aggregated amount of the Huadong Medicine Supply Caps, the China Grand Supply Caps, Baoding Jiufu Purchase Caps and
Yuanda Jiufu Sub-Contracting Caps exceed HK$10 million per annum, the transactions contemplated under the China Grand
Continuing Connected Transaction Agreements are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’
approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Huachen BioTech is owned as to 80% by the Group and 20% by Hebei Huayang. Accordingly, Hebei Huayang is a connected
person of the Company. As the amount of the Huachen BioTech Supply Caps exceed HK$10 million per annum, the transactions
contemplated under the Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement are subject to the reporting, announcement and Independent
Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The principal stakeholder of the holding company of Sirtex Medical is a substantial shareholder of the Company, therefore Sirtex
Medical is considered a connected person of the Company. As one or more of the applicable percentage ratios as set out in Rule
14.07 of the Listing Rules for the 2024 Distribution Agreement exceed 0.1%, but all are less than 5%, the transactions under the
Distribution Agreement are subject to the reporting and announcement requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, but
are exempt from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed and confirmed that these transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of the business of the Group;

(ii)    either on normal commercial terms or, if there are no sufficient comparable transactions to judge whether they are on
        normal commercial terms, on terms no less favourable to the Group than those available to or from independent third
        parties; and

(iii)   in accordance with the China Grand Continuing Connected Transaction Agreement, Huachen BioTech Supply Agreement
        and Beijing Purevalley Distribution Agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
        the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Auditors of the Company have reviewed the continuing connected transactions and confirmed in a letter (the “Letter”) to the
Board (a copy of which has been provided to the Stock Exchange). The Auditors of the Company have:

(i)     found that the continuing connected transactions have received the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company;

(ii)    obtained the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions from management;

(iii)   found that the prices charged for each of the transactions selected were in accordance with the pricing terms set out in the
        relevant agreements governing such transactions or where the related agreement did not clearly specify a price, the prices
        charged were consistent with the prices charged for comparable transactions that were identified by management; and

(iv)    found that the continuing connected transactions have not exceed the cap amounts disclosed in previous announcements
        dated 30 June 2023 and 15 November 2024 made by the Company in respect of each of the continuing connected
        transactions.
66      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
As at 31 December 2024, the Company did not adopt any share option scheme and no outstanding share options.

No share options were granted or exercised under any share option scheme, and there were no outstanding share options as at 31
December 2024.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME
On 1 September 2021, the Company has adopted the Share Award Scheme (“Scheme”) in which the Group’s employees, directors
or consultants will be entitled to participate. Details of the Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 1
September 2021.

The Group has paid to the trust established for the Scheme approximately HK$278.56 million, and including the dividend belongs
to the shares acquired previously, the trustee used approximately HK$268.50 million to purchase 47,761,500 shares of the Company
(“Shares”) as part of the trust fund, and such Shares are held by the trustee for the benefit of the eligible participants under the trust
and are the total number of award shares available for grant under the Scheme, representing approximately 1.35% of the issued
Shares of the Company. Where the trustee has received instructions from the Group to acquire Shares and necessary funds, the
trustee shall acquire such number of Shares on-market at the prevailing market price as soon as reasonably practicable.

PURPOSE OF THE SCHEME
The purpose of the Scheme is to recognise the contributions of the Selected Participants and provide them with incentives in order
to retain them for the continual operation, growth and development of the Group.

REMAINING TERM OF THE SCHEME
Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board pursuant to the Scheme Rules, the Scheme shall be valid and
effective for the Scheme Period, i.e. a term of 10 years commencing on the Effective Date. As of 31 December 2024, the Scheme
has approximately six and a half years remaining in force.

Save for the aforesaid, as at 31 December 2024, the Group did not grand any awards nor caused to pay the trustee the trust fund
for purchase nor subscription of Shares. When any awards were granted later, the number of Shares to be awarded, award price,
vesting criteria and vesting schedule of awards of each participant will be subject to the applicable Listing Rules and other
applicable regulations by that time, and will inform the participants in the form of an award letter. The Board shall not make any
award of Shares which will result in the aggregate number of the Shares awarded by the Board under the Scheme exceeding 5% of
the number of issued Shares of the Company as at the adoption date of the Scheme (i.e. 177,478,557 Shares), and the maximum
entitlement of each participant under the Scheme in every 12-months in aggregate shall not exceed 1% of the issued Shares as at
the adoption date of the Scheme (i.e. 35,495,711 Shares).
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       67


Report of the Directors

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2024, the Directors and the chief executive of the Company, and their respective associates had the following
interests in the shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions
which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the
SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”):

Long positions in the shares of the Company:
                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                                                                    Number of      the Company’s
Name of Director and chief                                                                           ordinary         issued share
Executive of the Company                   Capacity                                                shares held             Capital


Tang Weikun                                Beneficial owner                                             731,000                0.02%
Zhou Chao                                  Beneficial owner                                             355,000                0.02%
Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessica                   Beneficial owner                                             579,000                0.02%

Apart from the foregoing, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company or any of their spouses or children under
eighteen years of age has interests or short positions in shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company, any of its holding
company, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, as recorded in the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO or
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in the Listing Rules or required to
be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of the SFO.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
The articles of associations of the Company provides that the Directors or other officers of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities incurred or sustained by him/her as a Director or other
officer of the Company in defending any proceedings, civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his/her favour, or in which he/
she is acquitted.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover or other relevant arrangement in respect of potential legal actions against
its Directors and senior management members as well as directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.
68     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2024, the following persons (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) had an interest or
short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company which are required to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock
Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or required to be entered in the register maintained by
the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.

Long and short positions in the shares of the Company:
                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage or
                                                                                                                   attributable
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                 Number of the                                    shareholding
Name of Shareholders                            Notes          shares interested     Nature of interests                    (%)


Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”)             1              1,671,671,149 (L)   Beneficial owner                   47.09 (L)

Grand (Hongkong) International Investments        1              1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled             47.09 (L)
  Holdings Limited                                                                      corporation
  (“Grand Investment”)

China Grand Enterprises Incorporation             1              1,671,671,149 (L)   Interest of controlled             47.09 (L)
  (“China Grand”)                                                                       corporation

Shanghai China Grand Asset Finance                2                286,039,153 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest           8.06 (L)
  Investment Management Co., Limited                                                   of controlled
  (“Shanghai Finance”)                                                                 corporation

East Ocean Capital (Hong Kong)                    2                224,373,091 (L)   Beneficial owner                    6.32 (L)
  Company Limited (“East Ocean”)

Mr. Hu Kaijun (“Mr. Hu”)                      1&2&3              1,999,230,302 (L)   Interest of controlled             56.32 (L)
                                                                                        corporation

Ms. Chau Tung                                 1&2&3              1,999,230,302 (L)   Beneficial owner/Interest          56.32 (L)
                                                                                       in spouse

CDH Giant Health I Limited (“CDH Giant”)          4                356,648,142 (L)   Beneficial owner                   10.05 (L)

CDH Fund V, L.P. (“CDH Fund”)                     4                356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled             10.05 (L)
                                                                                        corporation
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024     69


Report of the Directors


                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                    percentage or
                                                                                                      attributable
                                                                                                    percentage of
                                                     Number of the                                   shareholding
Name of Shareholders                       Notes   shares interested    Nature of interests                    (%)


CDH V Holdings Company Limited (“CDH V”)    4         356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled             10.05 (L)
                                                                           corporation

China Diamond Holdings V Limited            4         356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled             10.05 (L)
  (“China Diamond V”)                                                      corporation

China Diamond Holdings Company Limited      4         356,648,142 (L)   Interest of controlled             10.05 (L)
  (“China Diamond”)                                                        corporation

Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A                5         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled              5.05 (L)
                                                                           corporation

Li Zhenfu                                   5         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled              5.05 (L)
                                                                           corporation

Lion River I N.V.                           5         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled              5.05 (L)
                                                                           corporation

GL Partners Capital Management Ltd.         5         179,173,959 (L)   Interest of controlled              5.05 (L)
                                                                           corporation

(L)   denotes long position
70        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Report of the Directors

Notes:

1.       Outwit is the beneficial owner of 1,671,671,149 Shares. Grand Investment, being wholly-owned by China Grand, held 99.85% equity interests of Outwit,
         and Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, held the remaining 0.15% equity interests. Grand Investment and China Grand are therefore deemed to be
         interested in 1,671,671,149 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

2.       Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Co., Ltd.（北京遠大華創投資有限公司）(now known as Beijing Yuanda Huachuang Investment Group Co.,
         Ltd.（北京遠大華創投資集團有限公司）), a company wholly owned by Mr. Hu, owned 70% of the equity interests of Shanghai Finance. Shanghai
         Finance is the beneficial owner of 61,666,062 Shares. East Ocean, a wholly owned subsidiary of Shanghai Finance, also holds 224,373,091 Shares.
         Shanghai Finance is therefore deemed to be interested in 286,039,153 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

3.       China Grand is controlled and ultimately and beneficially owned by Mr. Hu. Ms. Chau Tung, spouse of Mr. Hu, is also the beneficial owner of 41,520,000
         Shares. Mr. Hu and Ms. Chau Tung are therefore deemed to be interested in 1,999,230,302 Shares pursuant to the SFO.

4.       CDH Giant is the beneficial owner of 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Giant is wholly-owned by CDH Fund, and pursuant to the SFO CDH Fund is therefore
         deemed to be interested in the 356,648,142 Shares. CDH Fund is controlled by CDH V, which in turn held as to 80% by China Diamond V. China
         Diamond V is in held as to 100% by China Diamond.

5.       GL Trade Investment Limited owns 99,438,959 Shares, and GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund SPV LP owns 79,735,000 Shares.

         Lion River I N.V. owns 49% interests of GL Trade Investment Limited and approximately 80.13% interests in GL China Long Equity Opportunities Fund
         SPV LP. Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A owns 100% interests of Lion River I N.V.. Pursuant to the SFO these two companies are therefore deemed to be
         interested in the 179,173,959 Shares. GL Partners Capital Management Limited and Li Zhenfu also declare to have the same interests in Shares through
         the control and/or interests in the above companies.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors or chief executive of the Company were not aware of any other
person (other than the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had an interest or short position in the shares or
underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO or, who is, directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital
carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other members of the Group, or any other substantial
shareholders whose interests or short positions were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section
336 of the SFO.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company
was entered into or existed during the year.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended 31 December 2024, the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the Group’s total
revenue while the five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% the Group’s total purchases.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SHARES
During the period ended 31 December 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any
of the Company’s listed securities.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024      71


Report of the Directors

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the Company has
maintained a sufficient public float as required under the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2024 and as at the
latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report.

TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION
The Company is not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to shareholders by reason of their holding of the Company’s
securities.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Principal corporate governance practices adopted by the Company are set out in the Corporate Governance Report on pages 55 to
60.

AUDITORS
The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited which shall retire and, being eligible, offer itself for re-appointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting. A
resolution to re-appoint HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited and to authorize the Board of Directors to fix its remuneration will be
proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board




Dr. Tang Weikun
Chairman

Hong Kong, 12 March 2025
72     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Tang Weikun, aged 40, joined Grand Pharma (China) Co., Ltd. (a major subsidiary of the Group) (“Grand Pharma (China)”) in
2012 and worked for several companies of the Group. He has been the assistant of the president of Grand Pharma (China) since
April 2019, and was appointed as the president of Grand Pharma (China) with effect from 1 June 2021. Dr. Tang has overall
responsible for the operation of Grand Pharma (China) and being the officer of its strategic decision committee. Dr. Tang
completed his life science and technology undergraduate education at Wuhan University in 2007, and obtained his doctoral
degree in microbiology from the College of Life Sciences, Wuhan University in 2012.

Mr. Zhou Chao, aged 35, joined the Company as the executive deputy officer in June 2019 and became the executive officer of
the Company since June 2021. He is also directors of certain associated company of the Group. Mr. Zhou is primarily responsible for
the overall internal management of the Group. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Zhou was a legal manager and a senior legal
manager of the legal security management headquarter and the business director of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a
substantial shareholder of the Company) from 2013 to 2019. He is currently directors of certain local and overseas companies. Mr.
Zhou obtained his bachelor degree in law from the Ocean University of China and subsequently obtained his master degree in
international economic law from the University of International Business and Economics.

Mr. Yang Guang, aged 49, was appointed as an executive Director on 30 June 2023. Mr. Yang has over 20 years experience in
business development. He has been the general manager of the investment management headquarters (formerly known as
investment development headquarters) of China Grand Enterprises Incorporation (a substantial shareholder of the Company) since
2019. Mr. Yang obtained his bachelor degree in pharmaceutical preparations from the China Pharmaceutical University in 1996. He
also obtained a master degree in bio-pharmacy engineering from the Tianjin University in 2007, and a master degree of business
administration from the China Europe International Business School in 2013.

Ms. Lam Chit Yee, Jessica, aged 59, holder of Technical Representative (Broker) Licence issued by the Insurance Authority, has
engaged in insurance industry for over 20 years. Before her appointment, she worked at Fur Ren Financial Services Limited for more
than 15 years. Her last position was director of the company, and she was responsible for commercial insurance, providing
insurance and investment solutions to clients. She was good at risk management and investment planning, and had excellent
communication and customer relationship management skills. Ms. Lam joined the Group as director of a subsidiary since May 2024.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       73


Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie, aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in March 2005. Ms. So is a fellow
member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a practicing member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. She is a partner of an accounting firm.

Dr. Xing Li Na, aged 41, joined China Grand Enterprises, INC. in November 2023 as senior business director of the pharmaceutical
strategic management headquarters. She has many years of experience in review work at the Medical Device Technical Review
Center of the State Food and Drug Administration, and served as deputy director of preclinical safety research for new drugs at
BeiGene (Beijing) Biotechnology Co., Ltd. Dr. Xing obtained a postgraduate degree in medicine from Peking University School of
Medicine in 2012.

Mr. Hu Yebi, aged 61, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in December 2018. Mr. Hu Yebi received his
Master of Business Administration from Netherlands International Institute for Management in the Netherlands and a Postgraduate
Diploma in Management Engineering from Beijing Institute of Technology in Beijing, the PRC. Mr. Hu has more than twenty years
of experience in securities and financial services, mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. Mr. Hu is the founder and
chairman of Vision Finance Group Limited. Mr. Hu is currently a non– executive director of Beijing Sports and Entertainment
Industry Group Limited (stock code: 1803) and was an executive director of Beijing Enterprises Medical and Health Industry Limited
(stock code: 2389) and Beijing Properties (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 925), but already resigned in October 2018 and November
2018 respectively. All these companies are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

Dr. Pei Geng, aged 65, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director in May 2011. Dr. Pei holds a bachelor degree in
Medicine and clinically became a neurosurgeon after graduation from Beijing Capital University of Medicine, China. Dr. Pei also
holds a licentiate degree in Medical Sciences from Uppsala University, Sweden and a PhD degree in neuroscience from University
of Würzburg, Germany. Dr. Pei is currently working in Multiway Trading Intl., USA and its Beijing branch.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Foo Tin Chung, Victor, aged 56, joined the Company in September 2011 as a company secretary of the Company. Mr. Foo
holds a bachelor degree in Accounting and Information System in the University of New South Wales in Australia and a master
degree in Business Administration in Australia Graduate School of Management. He is a member of the Australia Society of Certified
Practising Accountants and an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Foo is the
company secretary and chief financial officer of Justin Allen Holdings Limited (stock code: 1425) since April 2018, which is listed on
the Stock Exchange.

Mr. Shi Xiaofeng, aged 58, joined the principal subsidiary Grand Pharm (China) since 2003 and is the chairman of the board of
directors of Grand Pharma (China). Mr. Shi is responsible for overseeing the entire operations and management of Grand Pharm
(China), and has over 20 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry management. Mr. Shi used to work for Schering–
Plough and Pharmacia as senior management before joining the Group. Mr. Shi holds a medical degree from Medical School of
Southeast University and a EMBA certificate at China Europe International Business School.
74     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

                                                                               31/F, Gloucester Tower      香港
                                                                               The Landmark                中環
                                                                               11 Pedder Street            畢打街11號
                                                                               Central                     置地廣場
                                                                               Hong Kong                   告羅士打大廈31樓

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS’ REPORT
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF
GRAND PHARMACEUTICAL GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 81 to 206, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position
as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as
at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in
accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (the “HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the
audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024     75


Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business
Refer to notes 3, 4, 20 and 22 to the consolidated financial statements

The Group had goodwill and intangible assets of                        Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
approximately HK$1,299,741,000 and HK$2,082,728,000                    assessment of pharmaceutical business included but not limited to:
respectively relating to the cash generating units engaged
in business of manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical                 •     Evaluating of the independent external valuer’s competence,
technology products, bio-technology products as well as                      capabilities and objectivity;
nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and
cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis              •    Assessing the appropriateness of methodologies used and
and treatment technology products mainly in the People’s                    the key assumptions based on our knowledge of the
R e p u b l i c o f C h i n a a s a t 31 D e c e m b e r 2024. T h e        pharmaceutical business and using our valuation experts;
management of the Group performed impairment
assessment of pharmaceutical business annually for                     •     Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions based on
recoverability of cash-generating units to which goodwill                    our knowledge of the business and industry; and
and intangible assets being allocated. An impairment loss
on goodwill of approximately HK$49,073,000 was                         •     Checking, on sampling basis, the accuracy and relevance of
recognised for the year. This conclusion was based on                        the input data used.
value-in-use model that required significant management
judgement with respect to the discount rate and the                    We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used in
underlying cashflows, in particular future revenue growth.             the impairment assessment of pharmaceutical business were
Independent external valuation reports were obtained in                supported by the available evidence.
order to support management’s estimates.

We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment
of pharmaceutical business involved the use of significant
management judgements and estimates.
76      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment assessment of trade and other receivables and amounts due from related companies
Refer to notes 3, 4, 5(b)(iv), 27 and 33 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2024, the Group had gross trade and             Our procedures in relation to management’s impairment
other receivables and amounts due from related companies          assessment of the trade and other receivables and amounts due
of approximately HK$1,499,297,000 and HK$61,237,000,              from related companies as at 31 December 2024 included but not
respectively. The provision for impairment of trade and           limited to:
other receivables and amounts due from related companies
are approximately HK$198,289,000 and HK$1,826,000,                •     Understanding and evaluating the key controls that the
respectively.                                                           Group has implemented to manage and monitor its credit
                                                                        risk;
In general, the credit terms granted by the Group to the
customers ranged between 30 to 180 days. Management               •     Checking, on a sample basis, the ageing profile of the trade as
applied judgement in assessing the expected credit losses               at 31 December 2024 to the underlying financial records and
(“ECL”). Trade and other receivables relating to counterparties         post year-end settlements to bank receipts;
with known financial difficulties or significant doubt on
collection of trade receivables are assessed individually for     •     Inquiring of management for the past due status of each of
provision for loss allowance. ECL are also estimated by                 the material trade and other receivables and amounts due
grouping the remaining trade receivables based on shared                from related companies as at year end and corroborating
credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for               explanations from management with supporting evidence,
likelihood of recovery, taking into account the nature of the           such as understanding on-going business relationship with
customer, its business and its ageing category, and applying            the customers based on trade records, checking historical and
ECL rates to the respective gross carrying amounts of the               subsequent settlement records of and other correspondence
trade receivables. The management assessed the recoverability           with the customers or debtors; and
of amounts due from related companies based on these
counterparties’ capability of repayment. The ECL rates on         •     Assessing the appropriateness of the ECL provisioning
these receivables are determined based on the Group’s                   methodology, examining the key data inputs on a sample
historical default rates taking into consideration forward-             basis to assess their accuracy and completeness, and
looking information that is reasonable and supportable                  challenging the assumptions, including both historical and
available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting             forward-looking information, used to determine the ECL.
date, the historical observed default rates are reassessed
and changes in the forward-looking information are                We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used
considered.                                                       to assess the recoverability of the trade and other receivables and
                                                                  amounts due from related companies and its impairment provision
We focused on this area due to the impairment assessment          were supported by the available evidence.
of trade and other receivables and amounts due from
related companies under the ECL model involved the use of
significant management judgements and estimates.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024         77


Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates
Refer to note 3, 4 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements

As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amounts of interests         Our procedures in relation to the i) the audit work performed on
in associates amounted to approximately HK$7,791,030,000          interest in Sirtex; and ii) management’s impairment assessment of
which represented approximately 31.2% of the Group’s total        interests in associates included but not limited to:
assets.
                                                                  i)   The audit work performed on the Group’s interest in Sirtex:
Included in the interests in associates, the Group had
57.98% interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Limited (“Grand             Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) is a wholly owned subsidiary
Pharma Sphere”) which was accounted for under the equity               of Grand Pharma Sphere and was audited by non-HLB
method. The Group’s share of profit from Grand Pharma                  auditors (“the Sirtex Auditors”). We discussed with the Sirtex
Sphere for the year ended 31 December 2024 was                         Auditors their audit approach and result of their work and
approximately of HK$16,633,000 and the Group’s share of                reviewed their working papers. We discussed the key audit
net assets of Grand Pharma Sphere was approximately                    matters relating to Sirtex with Group’s management and
HK$5,055,603,000 as at 31 December 2024, which                         evaluated the impact on our audit of the consolidated
represented approximately 20.2% of the Group’s total assets.           financial statements.

Grand Pharma Sphere’ s revenue amounted to                             We reviewed and discussed with the Sirtex Auditors their
approximately HK$1,513,648,000 for the year ended 31                   report in accordance with our group audit instructions, and
December 2024. Revenue was generated from sale of                      thus we found that the Group’s share of results and net assets
SIRSpheres Y-90 resin microspheres, a targeted radiotherapy            of Grand Pharma Sphere were supported by the available
for liver cancer. Revenue is recognised when control of the            evidence.
product has transferred to the customer, being when the
product is delivered to the distributor or medical facility and
when the customer has sole discretion over the use of the
product and there are no unfulfilled obligations that could
affect the customer’s acceptance of the product.
78      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Interests in associates (continued)
Refer to note 3, 4 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements (continued)

Management determines at the end of each reporting              ii)   Management’s impairment assessment of interests in
period the existence of any objective evidence through                associates included but not limited to:
which the Group’s interests in all associates may be
impaired. The assessment of indicators of impairment and              –     Evaluating of the Group’s assessments to whether any
where such indicators exist and the determination of the                    indication of impairment exist by reference to the
recoverable amounts requires significant management’s                       available information in the relevant market and
judgement.                                                                  industries;

We focused on this area due to its significance balance to            –     Assessing the appropriateness of methodologies used
the Group’s total assets and significant management                         and the key assumptions based on our knowledge and
judgements and estimates involved in impairment                             using our valuation experts;
assessment on interests in associates.
                                                                      –     Challenging the reasonableness of key assumptions
                                                                            based on our knowledge: and

                                                                      –     Checking, on a sample basis, the accuracy and
                                                                            relevance of information included in the valuation of
                                                                            the impairment assessment on interests in associates.

                                                                We found that the management’s judgement and estimates used in
                                                                the management impairment assessment on interests in associates
                                                                were supported by the available evidence.

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual
report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon (the “Other Information”).

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the Other Information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the Other Information and, in
doing so, consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other Information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       79


Independent Auditors’ Report

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in
accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are
free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our opinion solely to you, as a
body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but
is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout
the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error,
      design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for
      one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
      internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in
      the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.
80     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Independent Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(Continued)

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
      the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
      attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
      inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’
      report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purpose of the group audit. We remain
      solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to
bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most significance
in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely
rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Tien Sun Kit, Jack.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Tien Sun Kit, Jack
Practising Certificate Number: P07364

Hong Kong, 12 March 2025
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024       81


Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                  Notes      HK$’000            HK$’000


Revenue                                                                             7      11,644,892        10,529,590
Cost of sales                                                                              (4,906,576)       (4,005,524)

Gross profit                                                                                6,738,316          6,524,066
Other income, gains and losses, net                                                 8         241,734           (107,810)
Distribution costs                                                                         (3,256,885)        (2,567,628)
Administrative expenses                                                                    (1,365,374)        (1,234,377)
Provision of allowance for expected credit losses, net                                        (73,378)           (58,664)
Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                                             (49,073)           (39,136)
Impairment loss on interest in an associate                                                         –            (59,652)
Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          9         675,928            148,921
Fair value change on derivative financial instruments                                         (27,383)           (31,370)
Share of results of associates                                                                148,720            (25,008)
Finance costs                                                                       10       (180,242)          (205,145)

Profit before tax                                                                           2,852,363         2,344,197
Income tax expense                                                                  11       (386,304)         (448,755)

Profit for the year                                                                 12      2,466,059         1,895,442

Other comprehensive loss, net of income tax
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value loss on investment in equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                        (109,604)         (185,919)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates                                              47,939             5,717

Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange difference on translating foreign operations                                        (201,521)           (86,192)

Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of income tax                                     (263,186)         (266,394)

Total comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax                                  2,202,873         1,629,048

Profit for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                   2,468,375         1,879,998
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                  (2,316)           15,444

                                                                                            2,466,059         1,895,442

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
  – Owners of the Company                                                                   2,200,896         1,595,334
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                   1,977            33,714

                                                                                            2,202,873         1,629,048

Earnings per share
  – Basic and diluted (HK cents)                                                    14          70.49                53.60


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
82      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                  2024         2023
                                                                      Notes     HK$’000      HK$’000


Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                          16      3,784,285    3,533,202
Right-of-use assets                                                    17        481,783      452,451
Investment properties                                                  18        174,356      175,817
Interests in associates                                                19      7,791,030    7,864,366
Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income    24        247,724      357,554
Goodwill                                                               20      1,299,741      588,622
Intangible assets                                                      22      2,082,728    1,656,879
Deferred tax assets                                                    23         33,456       25,111
Prepayments                                                            27      1,070,540      845,179

                                                                              16,965,643   15,499,181

Current assets
Inventories                                                            26      1,370,582    1,388,649
Trade and other receivables                                            27      3,454,589    3,068,059
Amounts due from related companies                                     33         59,411       52,467
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                  25      1,799,961    1,134,590
Pledged bank deposits                                                  28              –       32,672
Cash and cash equivalents                                              28      1,340,979    1,339,708

                                                                               8,025,522    7,016,145

Current liabilities
Trade and other payables                                               29      2,928,087    2,829,697
Contract liabilities                                                   30        242,719      198,173
Bank and other borrowings                                              31      3,127,347    2,317,986
Lease liabilities                                                      32         18,315       34,611
Amounts due to related companies                                       33         13,151       16,576
Amount due to the immediate holding company                            35          2,331        2,331
Income tax payable                                                               241,273      332,063

                                                                               6,573,223    5,731,437

Net current assets                                                             1,452,299    1,284,708

Total assets less current liabilities                                         18,417,942   16,783,889
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024    83


Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                  Notes           HK$’000              HK$’000


Non-current liabilities
Bank and other borrowings                                                           31           1,256,280             990,028
Lease liabilities                                                                   32              40,604              61,614
Deferred tax liabilities                                                            34             300,351             221,626
Deferred income                                                                     36             295,369             240,105

                                                                                                 1,892,604           1,513,373

Net assets                                                                                     16,525,338           15,270,516

Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                                       37             35,496               35,496
Reserves                                                                                       16,437,714           15,122,222

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                   16,473,210           15,157,718
Non-controlling interests                                                                          52,128              112,798

Total equity                                                                                   16,525,338           15,270,516


The consolidated financial statements on pages 81 to 206 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the
Company on 12 March 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                         Tang Weikun                                                       Zhou Chao
                           Director                                                         Director

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
84              Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited




Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                            Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                            attributable
                                                                                 Contribution                   Safety                                                                       to owners        Non–
                                                            Share      Share        surplus     Statutory        fund Translation          Other     FVTOCI      Treasury     Retained           of the controlling
                                                           capital   premium        reserve      reserve       reserve      reserve      reserve     reserve       shares        profits     Company       interests        Total
                                                           HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                                  (Note a)     (Note b)                   (Note c)                (Note d)



As at 1 January 2023                                        35,496   6,523,049      121,273       611,369       28,825      (355,303)     (81,686)    (98,971)    (187,489)    7,543,775     14,140,338      68,322     14,208,660

Profit for the year                                             –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –     1,879,998      1,879,998      15,444      1,895,442
Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of income tax
Change in fair value of FVTOCI                                  –           –             –             –            –             –            –    (185,919)           –             –       (185,919)           –      (185,919)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates               –           –             –             –            –             –            –       5,717            –             –          5,717            –         5,717
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations        –           –             –             –            –      (104,462)           –           –            –             –       (104,462)     18,270        (86,192)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                  –           –             –             –            –      (104,462)           –    (180,202)           –     1,879,998      1,595,334      33,714      1,629,048


Repurchase of shares                                            –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –      (81,014)            –        (81,014)           –       (81,014)
Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note 38(a))                        –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –             –              –      36,488        36,488
Dividend paid                                                   –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –      (496,940)      (496,940)     (25,726)     (522,666)
Transfer                                                        –           –             –        41,674       16,931             –            –           –            –       (58,605)             –            –             –

As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                   35,496   6,523,049      121,273       653,043       45,756      (459,765)     (81,686)   (279,173)    (268,503)    8,868,228     15,157,718     112,798     15,270,516

Profit for the year                                             –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –     2,468,375      2,468,375       (2,316)    2,466,059
Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of income tax
Change in fair value of FVTOCI                                  –           –             –             –            –             –            –    (109,604)           –             –       (109,604)           –      (109,604)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates               –           –             –             –            –             –            –     47,939             –             –         47,939            –       47,939
Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations        –           –             –             –            –      (205,814)           –           –            –             –       (205,814)       4,293      (201,521)

Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                  –           –             –             –            –      (205,814)           –     (61,665)           –     2,468,375      2,200,896        1,977     2,202,873
Transfer of contractual put option in relation to
  non-controlling interest                                      –           –             –             –            –             –      25,067            –            –             –         25,067      (32,432)       (7,365)
Acquisition of a subsidiaries (Note 38(a))                      –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –             –              –      (12,198)      (12,198)
Dividend paid                                                   –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –      (910,471)      (910,471)     (22,705)     (933,176)
Capital from non-controlling interests                          –           –             –             –            –             –            –           –            –             –              –        4,688         4,688
Transfer                                                        –           –             –       118,749        3,222             –            –           –            –      (121,971)             –            –             –

As at 31 December 2024                                      35,496   6,523,049      121,273       771,792       48,978      (665,579)     (56,619)   (340,838)    (268,503)   10,304,161     16,473,210      52,128     16,525,338
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024             85


Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2024

Notes:

a.       Each of the Company’s subsidiary’s Articles of Association in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) requires the appropriation of 10% of its profit
         after tax determined under the relevant accounting principles and financial regulations applicable to companies established in the PRC each year to
         the statutory reserve until the balance reaches 50% of the share capital. The statutory reserve shall only be used for making up losses, capitalisation
         into share capital and expansion of the production and operation.

b.       According to document (Cai Zi 2022 No. 136), entities involved in mining, construction, production of dangerous goods and land transport are
         required to transfer an amount at fixed rates on production volume or operating revenue as safety fund reserve. The safety fund is for future
         enhancement of safety production environment and improvement of facilities and is not available for distribution to shareholders.

c.       Other reserve represents the difference between the consideration paid to or received from non-controlling interests for acquisition of additional
         equity interest or additional capital injection in a subsidiary without the overall change in the control in that subsidiary and the carrying amount of
         share of net assets being acquired or disposed. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into put option arrangement with
         non-controlling interests, pursuant to which the Group will purchase the remaining equity interest in a subsidiaries held by non-controlling interests
         at a price, either RMB75,000,000 or 10% of amount calculated at 10.7 times of net profits of acquired subsidiary for preceding full year, in the third year,
         along with the completed acquisition of subsidiary. The difference between carrying amount of non-controlling interests that reclassified to liability
         and fair value of written put option liability is also recognised in the other reserve.

d.       Where any Group’s entity purchases the Group’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid, including any directly attributable
         incremental costs (net of income taxes), is deducted from equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. Where such shares are subsequently
         reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related income tax effects, is included in
         equity attributable to the Group’s equity owners. As at 31 December 2024, the Company held 47,761,500 (2023: 47,761,500) treasury shares and the
         aggregate price of the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of approximately HK$268,503,000 (2023:
         HK$268,503,000).


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
86      Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                          2024         2023
                                                                               Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                      2,852,363    2,344,197
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                             22       94,061       29,087
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 16      359,319      323,268
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           17       50,368       39,855
  Finance costs                                                                 10      180,242      205,145
  Recognition of deferred government grant                                      36      (22,229)     (18,393)
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                             12          997       13,064
  Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                    12            8       16,453
  Write-down of inventories                                                     12       50,792       14,768
  Allowance for expected credit losses recognised in respect                    12
      of trade and other receivables                                                     72,983       57,698
  Allowance for expected credit losses recognised in respect                    12
      of amounts due from related companies                                                  395         966
  Fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    9       (675,928)   (148,921)
  Fair value change on derivative financial instrument                                         –      31,370
  Interest income                                                               8         (6,310)     (7,745)
  Share of results of associates                                                        (148,720)     25,008
  Net gain in fair value of investment properties                              8, 18      (4,385)     (5,454)
  Gain on bargain purchase                                                     38(a)     (54,214)          –
  Impairment loss recognised in respect of goodwill                             20        49,073      39,136
  Impairment loss on interest in associates                                                    –      59,652

Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                               2,798,815    3,019,154
 Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                       74,538      (99,408)
 Increase in trade and other receivables                                                (444,395)    (177,524)
 (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                        (174,305)     290,649
 Increase in amounts due from related companies                                           (9,228)     (20,717)
 Decrease in amounts due to related companies                                             (2,938)      (5,518)
 Increase/(decrease) in contract liabilities                                              47,223     (112,764)
 Increase in deferred income                                                              88,627        2,103

Cash generated from operations                                                         2,378,337    2,895,975
  Income tax paid                                                                       (480,240)    (471,080)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                           1,898,097    2,424,895
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024     87


Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                    Notes     HK$’000            HK$’000


Investing activities
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                          16      (555,781)           (487,727)
  Purchase of intangible asset                                                       22       (41,254)               (305)
  Payments of right-of-use assets                                                             (24,846)             (9,657)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        (11,343)         (1,594,973)
  Acquisition of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
     income                                                                                   (205,669)                –
  Advances to associates                                                                             –           (65,989)
  Repayment of advances to associates                                                           14,953            17,808
  Withdrawal/(placement) of pledged bank deposits, net                                          32,625            (1,801)
  (Increase)/decrease in non-current prepayments                                               (55,864)          150,983
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          971             6,609
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               21,173         1,637,984
  Interest income received                                                                       6,310             7,745
  Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries                                   38(a)   (1,178,617)                –
  Net cash outflow on acquisition of subsidiaries that do not constitute            38(b)
     businesses                                                                                      –          (176,424)

Net cash used in investing activities                                                       (1,997,342)         (515,747)

Financing activities
  Purchase of shares for share award scheme                                                          –            (81,014)
  Proceeds from new bank and other borrowings                                                4,480,749          2,369,788
  Repayments of bank and other borrowings                                                   (3,308,387)        (3,424,327)
  Repayments of principal portion of lease liabilities                                         (33,674)           (26,822)
  Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                            4,688                  –
  Interest paid                                                                               (180,242)          (204,358)
  Dividends paid                                                                              (910,471)          (496,940)
  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                  (22,705)           (25,726)

Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                         29,958          (1,889,399)

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                          (69,287)            19,749
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year                                          1,339,708          1,444,014
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                      70,558           (124,055)

Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                 1,340,979          1,339,708


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
88     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda on 18 October 1995 as an exempted
     company under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda with its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
     “Stock Exchange”) since 19 December 1995. The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the
     Company are disclosed in “Corporate information” section of the annual report.

     The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
     manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical technology products, bio-technology products as well as nuclear medicine anti-
     tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment technology
     products, in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The directors consider that Outwit Investments Limited (“Outwit”) is the parent company of the Company and China Grand
     Enterprises Incorporation is the ultimate holding company of the Company. The ultimate controlling party is Mr. Hu Kaijun.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the same as functional currency
     of the Company, and the functional currency of the most of the subsidiaries in Renminbi (“RMB”). The board of directors
     considered that it is more appropriate to present the consolidated financial statements in HK$ as the shares of the Company
     (the “Shares”) are listed on the Stock Exchange. The consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of units of
     HK$ (HK$’000), unless otherwise stated.

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by Hong Kong Institute of Certified
     Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period beginning
     on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

     Amendments to HKFRS 16                         Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
     Amendments to HKAS 1                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related amendments
                                                      to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
     Amendments to HKAS 1                           Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
     Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7               Supplier Finance Arrangements

     The application of the amendments to HKFRS Standards in the current year has had no material impact on the Group’s
     financial performance and positions for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
     financial statements.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024          89


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (“HKFRSs”) (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that have been Issued but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
     effective:

     Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                     Amendments to Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments3
     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                    Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint
                                                             Venture1
     Amendments to HKFRS                                   Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards–Volume 113
       Accounting Standards
     Amendments to HKAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability2
     HKFRS 18                                              Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4
     1
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
     2
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
     3
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
     4
           Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


     The Directors are in the process of assessing the potential impact of the New and Amended HKFRSs and Int but are not yet in
     a position to determine whether the New and Amended HKFRSs and Interpretations will have a material impact on the
     Group’s performance and financial position and on the disclosures. The New and Amended HKFRSs and Int may result in
     changes to how the Group’s performance and financial position are prepared and presented in the future.

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     Basis of preparation
     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA. For the purpose
     of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably
     expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable
     disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
     Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain properties and
     financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
     policies set out below.

     Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.
90       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Basis of preparation (Continued)
     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
     market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using
     another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes into account the
     characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
     asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated
     financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
     HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment, leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16, Lease and
     measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value in HKAS 2
     Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based on the degree
     to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value
     measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •       Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
             access at the measurement date;

     •       Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability,
             either directly or indirectly; and

     •       Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled by the
     Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •       has power over the investee;

     •       is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •       has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one
     or more of the three elements of control listed above.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024        91


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Basis of preparation (Continued)
     When the Group has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting
     rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally. The Group
     considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or not the Group’s voting rights in an investee are
     sufficient to give it power, including:

     •     the size of the Group’s holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holdings of the other vote holders;

     •     potential voting rights held by the Group, other vote holders or other parties;

     •     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

     •     any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Group has, or does not have, the current ability to direct
           the relevant activities at the time that decisions need to be made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders’
           meetings.

     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Group loses
     control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of during the year are
     included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income from the date the Group gains
     control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non–
     controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the Company and to the non-
     controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting policies in line
     with the Group’s accounting policies.

     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the
     Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which represent present
     ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.
92     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
     Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries are
     accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity and the non–
     controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of
     relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling
     interests’ proportionate interests.

     Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
     consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

     When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling interests (if any)
     are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference between (i) the aggregate of
     the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the
     assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously
     recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly
     disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category
     of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at
     the date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9
     Financial Instruments or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.

     Optional concentration test
     The Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified
     assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially
     all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable
     assets. The gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from
     the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is determined not to be a
     business and no further assessment is needed.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       93


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Business combination
     A business is an integrated set of activities and assets which includes an input and a substantive process that together
     significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The acquired processes are considered substantive if they are critical
     to the ability to continue producing outputs, including an organised workforce with the necessary skills, knowledge, or
     experience to perform the related processes or they significantly contribute to the ability to continue producing outputs and
     are considered unique or scarce or cannot be replaced without significant cost, effort, or delay in the ability to continue
     producing outputs.

     Acquisitions of businesses, other than business combination under common control are accounted for using the acquisition
     method. The consideration transferred in a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of
     the acquisition-date fair values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners
     of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs
     are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

     The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Conceptual
     Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) except for transactions and
     events within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21, in which the Group applies HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the
     Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed in a business combination. Contingent assets are not
     recognised.

     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair value, except
     that:

     •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are recognised and
           measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits respectively;

     •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based payment
           arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree are measured
           in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see the accounting policy below);

     •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for
           Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

     •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as defined in
           HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for which (a) the lease
           term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are
           recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or
           unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interests
     in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any) over the net amount
     of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of
     the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any
     non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held interest in the acquiree (if any),
     the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a bargain purchase gain.
94     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Business combination (Continued)
     Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the
     relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-controlling interests’ proportionate
     share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets or at fair value. The choice of measurement basis is
     made on a transaction-by-transaction basis. Other types of non-controlling interests are measured at their fair value.

     When the consideration transferred by the Group in a business combination includes a contingent consideration
     arrangement, the contingent consideration is measured at its acquisition-date fair value and included as part of the
     consideration transferred in a business combination. Changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration that qualify as
     measurement period adjustments are adjusted retrospectively. Measurement period adjustments are adjustments that arise
     from additional information obtained during the “measurement period” (which cannot exceed one year from the acquisition
     date) about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition date.

     The subsequent accounting for the contingent consideration that do not qualify as measurement period adjustments
     depends on how the contingent consideration is classified. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not
     remeasured at subsequent reporting dates and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity. Contingent
     consideration that is classified as an asset or a liability is remeasured to fair value at subsequent reporting dates, with the
     corresponding gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

     When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured
     to fair value at the acquisition date (i.e. the date when the Group obtains control), and the resulting gain or loss, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, as appropriate. Amounts arising from interests in the acquiree
     prior to the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in other comprehensive income and measured under
     HKFRS 9 would be accounted for on the same basis as would be required if the Group had disposed directly of the previously
     held equity interest.

     If the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the
     combination occurs, the Group reports provisional amounts for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. Those
     provisional amounts are adjusted retrospectively during the measurement period (see above), and additional assets or
     liabilities are recognised, to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed at the acquisition
     date that, if known, would have affected the amounts recognised at that date.

     Acquisition of a subsidiary not constituting a business
     When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group identifies and
     recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the purchase price first identifiable
     assets which are subsequently measured under fair value model and financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair
     values, the remaining balance of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the
     basis of their relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain purchase
     gain.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       95


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Put option over non-controlling interests
     A put option held by non-controlling interests, whereby the holder of the put option can require the Group to acquire the
     non-controlling interests’s shareholding in the subsidiary at a future date, the Group examines the nature of such a put
     option. The Group assesses whether or not the non-controlling interests continues to have a present ownership interest in
     the shares subject to the put option. Present ownership interest can be evidenced by non-controlling interests continuing to
     have a right to the receipt of dividends, or benefiting from increases in net assets while holding a voting entitlement to the
     shares subject to the put option. If it is deemed that the put option holders continue to have a present ownership interest,
     the Group applies the partial recognition of NCI method and recognise the amount that would have been recognised for the
     non-controlling interest, including its share of profit or losses, dividends and other changes, as a liability. The Group
     recognises a financial liability in accordance with HKAS 32 being the estimate of the fair value of the consideration to acquire
     the non-controlling interests shares that are subject to the put option and records this in “other reserve” in equity. Any
     changes in the fair value of the financial liability are reflected as a movement in other reserve.

     If the non-controlling interests’s put option is exercised, the same treatment is applied up to the date of exercise. The
     amount recognised as the financial liability at that date is extinguished by the payment of the exercise price.

     Goodwill
     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see
     the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (or group of cash-
     generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which represent the lowest level at
     which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger than an operating segment.

     A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment
     annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill arising on an acquisition in
     a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is
     tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the
     impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata
     basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

     On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-generating
     units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or loss on disposal. When
     the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash–
     generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the
     cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units)
     retained, unless the Group can demonstrate that some other method better reflect the goodwill associated with the
     operation disposed of.

     The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described below.
96     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Investments in associates
     An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in
     the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.

     The results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial statements using the equity
     method of accounting, The financial statements of associates used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using
     uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. The associate
     uses accounting policies that differ from those of the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances.
     Appropriate adjustments have been made to conform the associate’s accounting policies to those of the Group. Under the
     equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost
     and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate.
     When the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes any long-term
     interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the Group discontinues recognising its
     share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
     obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

     An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the investee becomes an
     associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of
     the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within
     the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and
     liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in
     which the investment is acquired.

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be impaired. When any
     objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in
     accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less
     costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill,
     that forms part of the carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance
     with HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases. The Group applies HKFRS
     9, including the impairment requirements, to long-term interests in an associate to which the equity method is not applied
     and which form part of the net investment in the investee. Furthermore, in applying HKFRS 9 to long-term interests, the
     Group does not take into account adjustments to their carrying amount required by HKAS 28 (i.e. adjustments to the carrying
     amount of long-term interests arising from the allocation of losses of the investee or assessment of impairment in
     accordance with HKAS 28).

     When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest
     in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When the Group retains an interest in the
     former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained
     interest at fair value at that date and the fair value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between
     the carrying amount of the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of the
     relevant interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate. In addition,
     the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on
     the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a
     gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on
     the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a
     reclassification adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       97


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Investments in associates (Continued)
     When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the transactions with the
     associate are recognised in the consolidated financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate that are not
     related to the Group.

     Changes in the Group’s interests in associates
     The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint
     venture or an investment in a joint venture becomes an investment in an associate. There is no remeasurement to fair value
     upon such changes in ownership interests.

     When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity method, the Group
     reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been recognised in other comprehensive
     income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the
     disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the goods or services
     underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct
     goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards complete
     satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as the Group
           performs;

     •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an
           enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or service.

     A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
     transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast,
     a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before
     payment of that consideration is due.
98     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
     received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

     A contract asset and a contract liability relating to the same contract are accounted for and presented on a net basis.

     For contracts that contain more than one performance obligations, the Group allocates the transaction price to each
     performance obligation on a relative stand-alone selling price basis.

     Sale of goods
     Revenue from manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical technology products, bio-technology products as well as nuclear
     medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment
     technology products are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customer, or after the customer’s
     acceptance or after control transfer to customer. The credit period granted to customers by the Group is determined based
     on the characteristics of customers’ credit risk, which is consistent with industry practice and there is no significant financing
     component. The Group’s obligations to transfer goods to customers for consideration received or receivable from customers
     are shown as contract liabilities.

     Dividend income
     Dividend income from investments is recognised at point in time when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
     established (provided that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of revenue can
     be measured reliably).

     Interest income
     Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset except
     for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired financial assets, the effective interest rate is
     applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance). Interest income is presented
     as “interest income” where it is mainly earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes.

     Rental income
     The Group’s accounting policy for recognition of revenue from operating leases is described in the accounting policy below.

     Leasing
     The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception of the
     contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed. As
     a practical expedient, leases with similar characteristics are accounted on a portfolio basis when the Group reasonably
     expects that the effects on the consolidated financial statements would not differ materially from individual leases within the
     portfolio.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       99


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee

     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the Group
     allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease
     component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and instead account
     for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

     Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
     commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. It also applies the recognition exemption for lease of low– value
     assets. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expense on a straight– line
     basis or another systematic basis over the lease term.

     Right-of-use assets

     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets, restoring the site
           on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the terms and conditions of the
           lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted for any
     remeasurement of lease liabilities.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets at the end
     of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise, right-of-use assets are
     depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
100       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Leasing (Continued)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair value at
      initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

      Lease liabilities

      At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value of lease
      payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses the incremental
      borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.

      Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise:

      •       fixed lease payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

      •       variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate at the
              commencement date;

      •       the amount expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

      •       the exercise price of purchase options, if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise the options; and

      •       payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the exercise of an option to terminate the
              lease.

      After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

      The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets) whenever:

      •       the lease term has changed or there is a change in the assessment of exercise of a purchase option, in which case the
              related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date
              of reassessment.

      •       the lease payments change due to changes in market rental rates following a market rent review/expected payment
              under a guaranteed residual value, in which cases the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the revised
              lease payments using the initial discount rate.

      •       a lease contract is modified and the lease modification is not accounted for as a separate lease.

      The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024      101


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Leasing (Continued)
     The Group as a lessee (Continued)

     Lease modifications
     The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

     •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets; and

     •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the standalone price for the increase in
           scope and any appropriate adjustments to that standalone price to reflect the circumstances of the particular contract.

     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability, less any lease
     incentives receivable, based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
     revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the relevant right–
     of-use asset.

     When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
     Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
     price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group as a lessor

     Classification and measurement of leases
     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the lease transfer
     substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee, the contract is classified as
     a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts equal to
     net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial direct costs (other than
     those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement of the net investments in the
     leases./Initial direct costs for leases in which the Group is the manufacturer or dealer lessor are recognised in costs of sales at
     the commencement date of the finance leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
     periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.

     Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the relevant lease.
     Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
     asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term except for investment
     properties measured under fair value model. Variable lease payments for operating leases that depend on an index or a rate
     are estimated and included in the total lease payments to be recognised on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable
     lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income when they arise. When a lease contract
     contains a specific clause that provides for rent reduction or suspension of rent in the event that the underlying assets (or
     any part thereof) are affected by adverse events beyond the control of the Group and the lessee so as to render the
     underlying assets unfit or not available for use, the relevant rent reduction or suspension of rent resulting from the specific
     clause is accounted for as part of the original lease and not as a lease modification. Such rent reduction or suspension of rent
     is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers those payments to occur.
102    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Leasing (Continued)
      The Group as a lessor (Continued)

      Allocation of consideration to components of a contract

      When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
      Customers to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated
      from lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.

      Refundable rental deposits

      Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to fair
      value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

      Sublease

      When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate contracts. The
      sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
      with reference to the underlying asset.

      Lease modification

      Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are accounted for as
      lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction of rentals.

      The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the modification,
      considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the new
      lease.

      Foreign currencies
      In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the functional
      currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the dates of the
      transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the
      rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated in foreign currencies are
      retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. When a fair value gain or loss on a non–
      monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is also recognised in profit or loss.
      When a fair value gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange
      component of that gain or loss is also recognised in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that are measured in
      terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

      Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
      recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise, except for exchange differences on monetary items receivable
      from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely to occur (therefore forming part of
      the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other comprehensive income and reclassified
      from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group’s interests in associates.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       103


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s operations are
     translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. HK$) using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
     period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates
     fluctuate significantly during that period, in which case the exchange rates at the date of transactions are used. Exchange
     differences arising, if any, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of
     translation reserve (attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).

     On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign operation, or a disposal
     involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, or a partial disposal of an interest in a joint
     arrangement or an associate that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of
     the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the owners of the Company are
     reclassified to profit or loss.

     In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary,
     the proportionate share of accumulated exchange differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not
     recognised in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (i.e. partial disposals of associates or joint arrangements that do not
     result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange
     differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

     Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign operation are
     treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange prevailing at the end of each
     reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.

     Borrowing costs
     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

     Government grants
     Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
     attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

     Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as
     expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose primary
     condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred
     income/a deduction from the carrying amount of the relevant asset in the consolidated statement of financial position and
     transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

     Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the
     purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in the
     period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under “other income, gains and losses, net”.

     The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured as the
     difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest rates.
104    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Taxation
      Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expense.

      The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit/(loss) before tax because of
      income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group’s
      liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the
      reporting period.

      Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
      consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax
      liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all
      deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those
      deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
      difference arises from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction
      that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal
      taxable and deductible temporary differences. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary
      difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries and
      associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference
      and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from
      deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is
      probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and
      they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it
      is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability
      is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end
      of the reporting period.

      The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in
      which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and
      liabilities.

      For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for investment properties that are measured using the fair value model, the
      carrying amounts of such properties are presumed to be recovered entirely through sale, unless the presumption is rebutted.
      The presumption is rebutted when the investment property is depreciable and is held within a business model whose
      objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the investment property over time, rather
      than through sale, except for freehold land, which is always presumed to be recovered entirely through sale.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      105


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Taxation (Continued)
     For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets and
     the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use assets
     or the lease liabilities.

     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies HKAS 12
     requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to lease
     liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
     difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
     current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same taxation authority.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other
     comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting
     for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

     In assessing any uncertainty over income tax treatments, the Group considers whether it is probable that the relevant tax
     authority will accept the uncertain tax treatment used, or proposed to be use by individual group entities in their income tax
     filings. If it is probable, the current and deferred taxes are determined consistently with the tax treatment in the income tax
     filings. If it is not probable that the relevant taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the effect of each
     uncertainty is reflected by using either the most likely amount or the expected value.

     Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or services, or
     for administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at
     cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     Freehold lands are not depreciated and are measured at cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Properties in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any
     recognised impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition
     necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management, including costs of testing whether the
     related assets is functioning properly and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
     accounting policy. Sale proceeds of items that are produced while bringing an item of property, plant and equipment to the
     location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management (such as samples
     produced when testing whether the asset is functioning properly), and the related costs of producing those items are
     recognised in the profit or loss. The cost of those items are measured in accordance with the measurement requirements of
     HKAS 2. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for
     their intended use.
106    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
      When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and building
      elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in proportion to the
      relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in
      leasehold land is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position except for those that
      are classified and accounted for as investment properties under the fair value model. When the consideration cannot be
      allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire
      properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

      Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than freehold land and properties under construction
      less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
      values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate
      accounted for on a prospective basis.

      An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected
      to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement of an item of property,
      plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and
      is recognised in profit or loss.

      Investment properties
      Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

      Investment properties also include leased properties which are being recognised as right-of-use assets and subleased by the
      Group under operating leases.

      Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent to initial
      recognition, investment properties are measured at fair value, adjusted to exclude any prepaid or accrued operating lease
      income.

      Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of investment properties are included in profit or loss for the period in
      which they arise.

      Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying amount of
      the investment properties under construction.

      An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently withdrawn from use
      and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. A leased property which is recognised as a right-of-use asset
      is derecognised if the Group as intermediate lessor classifies the sublease as a finance lease. Any gain or loss arising on
      derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of
      the asset) is included in profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   107


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately

     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated amortisation and
     any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair value at the date of the revaluation less subsequent
     accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation method are
     reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on a
     prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
     subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure

     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an internal
     project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use or sell the
           intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred from the date
     when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-generated intangible asset can
     be recognised, development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated amortisation
     and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately.
108    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
      Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially recognised at
      their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

      Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with finite useful lives are reported at
      costs less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses/revalued amounts, being their fair value at the
      date of the revaluation less subsequent accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses, on the same
      basis as intangible assets that are acquired separately. Intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite
      useful lives are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal.
      Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between the net disposal
      proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

      Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
      goodwill
      At the end of the reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and equipment, right-of–
      use assets, intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that these assets have
      suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order
      to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not
      yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be
      impaired.

      The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets are estimated
      individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
      amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

      In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating unit when a
      reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of
      cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be established. The recoverable amount is
      determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is
      compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated
      future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
      of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating unit) for which the estimates of future
      cash flows have not been adjusted.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024      109


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets other than
     goodwill (Continued)
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
     amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate assets or portion of
     corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group
     compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets
     or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of
     cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount
     of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in
     the unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair
     value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that
     would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash-
     generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a
     revalued amount under another standard, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease under that
     standard.

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or a group of
     cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying
     amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised
     for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is
     recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount under another standard, in
     which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase under that standard.

     Inventories
     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a weighted
     average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
     completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental costs directly
     attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the sale.

     Cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents presented on the consolidated statement of financial position include:

     (a)   cash, which comprises of cash on hand and demand deposits, excluding bank balances that are subject to regulatory
           restrictions that result in such balances no longer meeting the definition of cash; and

     (b)   cash equivalents, which comprises of short-term (generally with original maturity of three months or less), highly liquid
           investments that are readily convertible to a known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of
           changes in value and restricted deposits arising from acquisition of subsidiaries that are held for meeting short– term
           cash commitments. Cash equivalents are held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments rather than
           for investment or other purposes.
110    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
      For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents
      as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the
      Group’s cash management. Such overdrafts are presented as short-term borrowings in the consolidated statement of
      financial position.

      Provisions
      Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is
      probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the
      obligation.

      The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at
      the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision
      is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those
      cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

      When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a
      receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the
      receivable can be measured reliably.

      Employee benefit
      Retirement benefit costs

      Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered
      service entitling them to the contributions.

      For defined benefit retirement benefit plans, the cost of providing benefits is determined using the projected unit credit
      method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each annual reporting period. In determining the present
      value of the Group’s defined benefit obligations and the related current service cost and, where applicable, past service cost,
      the Group attributes benefit to periods of service under the plan’s benefit formula. However, if an employee’s service in later
      years will lead to a materially higher level of benefit than earlier years, the Group attributes the benefit on a straight-line basis
      from:

      (a)   the date when service by the employee first leads to benefits under the plan (whether or not the benefits are
            conditional on further service) until

      (b)   the date when further service by the employee will lead to no material amount of further benefits under the plan,
            other than from further salary increases.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       111


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Employee benefit (Continued)
     Retirement benefit costs (Continued)

     Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the changes to the asset ceiling (if applicable) and the
     return on plan assets (excluding interest), is reflected immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a
     charge or credit recognised in other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recognised
     in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.

     Past service cost is recognised in profit or loss in the period of a plan amendment or curtailment and a gain or loss on
     settlement is recognised when settlement occurs. When determining past service cost, or a gain or loss on settlement, an
     entity shall remeasure the net defined benefit liability or asset using the current fair value of plan assets and current actuarial
     assumptions, reflecting the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets before and after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement, without considering the effect of asset ceiling (i.e. the present value of any economic benefits
     available in the form of refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan).

     Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net defined benefit liability or
     asset. However, if the Group remeasures the net defined benefit liability or asset before plan amendment, curtailment or
     settlement, the Group determines net interest for the remainder of the annual reporting period after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement using the benefits offered under the plan and the plan assets after the plan amendment,
     curtailment or settlement and the discount rate used to remeasure such net defined benefit liability or asset, taking into
     account any changes in the net defined benefit liability or asset during the period resulting from contributions or benefit
     payments.

     Defined benefit costs are categorised as follows:

     •     service cost (including current service cost, past service cost, as well as gains and losses on curtailments and
           settlements);

     •     net interest expense or income; and

     •     remeasurement.
112       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Employee benefit (Continued)
      Retirement benefit costs (Continued)

      The retirement benefit obligation recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position represents the actual deficit
      or surplus in the Group’s defined benefit plans. Any surplus resulting from this calculation is limited to the present value of
      any economic benefits available in the form of refunds from the plans or reductions in future contributions to the plans.

      Discretionary contributions made by employees or third parties reduce service cost upon payment of these contributions to
      the plan.

      When the formal terms of the plans specify that there will be contributions from employees or third parties, the accounting
      depends on whether the contributions are linked to service, as follows:

      •       If the contributions are not linked to services (for example contributions are required to reduce a deficit arising from
              losses on plan assets or from actuarial losses), they are reflected in the remeasurement of the net defined benefit
              liability or asset.

      •       If contributions are linked to services, they reduce service costs. For the amount of contribution that is dependent on
              the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost by attributing the contributions to periods of service
              using the attribution method required by HKAS 19 paragraph 70 for the gross benefits. For the amount of contribution
              that is independent of the number of years of service, the Group reduces service cost in the period in which the
              related service is rendered/reduces service cost by attributing contributions to the employees’ periods of service in
              accordance with HKAS 19 paragraph 70.

      For LSP obligation, the Group accounts for the employer MPF contributions expected to be offset as a deemed employee
      contribution towards the LSP obligation in terms of HKAS 19.93(a) and it is measure on a net basis. The estimated amount of
      future benefit is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived from the
      Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be contributions from the relevant
      employees.

      Short-term and other long-term employee benefits

      Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as and when
      employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless another HKFRS
      requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

      A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries, annual leave and sick leave) after
      deducting any amount already paid.

      Liabilities recognised in respect of other long-term employee benefits are measured at the present value of the estimated
      future cash outflows expected to be made by the Group in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting
      date. Any changes in the liabilities’ carrying amounts resulting from service cost, interest and remeasurements are recognised
      in profit or loss except to the extent that another HKFRS requires or permits their inclusion in the cost of an asset.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024        113


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Employee benefit (Continued)
     Termination benefits

     A liability for a termination benefit is recognised at the earlier of when the Group entity can no longer withdraw the offer of
     the termination benefit and when it recognises any related restructuring costs.

     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
     the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis.
     Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame
     established by regulation or convention in the market place.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from contracts
     with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are directly attributable to
     the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value
     through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as
     appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial
     liabilities at FVTPL are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial liability and of
     allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly
     discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points paid or received that form an integral
     part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the
     financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

     Interest/dividend income (others to specify) which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as
     revenue.

     Financial assets

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

     Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

     •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

     •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
           the principal amount outstanding.
114       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

      Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (“FVTOCI”):

      •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash
              flows and selling the financial assets; and

      •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on
              the principal amount outstanding.

      All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial asset the Group
      may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income if
      that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
      combination to which HKFRS 3 Business Combinations applies.

      A financial asset is held for trading if:

      •       it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

      •       on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
              has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit taking; or

      •       it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

      In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the amortised cost or
      FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch.

      Amortised cost and interest income

      Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at amortised
      cost and debt instruments/receivables subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated by applying the
      effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
      become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is
      recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period.
      If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired,
      interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset from
      the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer credit-impaired.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024      115


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)

     Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI

     Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from
     changes in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not subject
     to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on disposal of the equity
     investments, and will be transferred to retained profits.

     Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s right to receive the
     dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are
     included in the “other revenue and income” line item in profit or loss.

     Financial assets at FVTPL

     Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated as FVTOCI are
     measured at FVTPL.

     Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value gains or losses
     recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss includes any dividend or interest earned on the
     financial asset and is included in the “fair value change on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss” line item.

     Impairment of financial assets

     The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets (including trade and
     other receivables, pledge bank deposits, amount due from related companies and cash and cash equivalents), which are
     subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in
     credit risk since initial recognition.

     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the relevant
     instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is expected to result from
     default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments are done based on the Group’s
     historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an
     assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables, contract assets and lease receivables.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a significant
     increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of whether
     lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial
     recognition.
116       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Significant increase in credit risk

      In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares the risk of a
      default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial
      instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and
      qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information
      that is available without undue cost or effort.

      In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly:

      •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or internal credit
              rating;

      •       significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the credit spread, the
              credit default swap prices for the debtor;

      •       existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a
              significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

      •       an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

      •       an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the
              debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations.

      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased significantly
      since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the Group has reasonable and
      supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

      The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a significant increase
      in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of identifying significant increase in credit
      risk before the amount becomes past due.

      Definition of default

      For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
      or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full
      (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

      Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than 90 days past due
      unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more
      appropriate.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024      117


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)

     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

     Credit-impaired financial assets

     A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash
     flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about
     the following events:

     (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

     (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

     (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, having
           granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise consider;

     (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation;

     (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties; or

     (f)   the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

     Write-off policy

     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe financial
     difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has been placed under
     liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings, or in the case of trade receivables, when the amounts are over 1
     years past due, whichever occurs sooner. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the
     Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition
     event. Any subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.

     Measurement and recognition of ECL

     The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of the loss if there is
     a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and loss given default is based on
     historical data and forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount
     that is determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights.

     Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with the
     contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the effective interest rate determined at initial
     recognition.

     Lifetime ECL for certain trade receivables are considered on a collective basis taking into consideration past due information
     and relevant credit information such as forward-looking macroeconomic information.
118       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial assets (Continued)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued )

      For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when formulating the grouping:

      •       Past-due status;

      •       Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

      •       External credit ratings where available.

      The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to share similar credit
      risk characteristics.

      Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial asset is credit–
      impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial asset.

      The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying
      amount, with the exception of trade and other receivables, loan receivables and amount due from related companies where
      the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses

      The carrying amount of financial assets that are denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency
      and translated at the spot rate at the end of each reporting period. Specifically:

      •       For financial assets measured at amortised cost that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange
              differences are recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item as part of the net foreign exchange
              gains/(losses);

      •       For debt instruments measured at FVTOCI that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences
              on the amortised cost of the debt instrument are recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item
              as part of the net foreign exchange gains/(losses). As the foreign currency element recognised in profit or loss is the
              same as if it was measured at amortised cost, the residual foreign currency element based on the translation of the
              carrying amount (at fair value) is recognised in other comprehensive income in the fair value through other
              comprehensive income/revaluation reserve;

      •       For financial assets measured at FVTPL that are not part of a designated hedging relationship, exchange differences are
              recognised in profit or loss in the “Other gains and losses” line item as part of the gain/(loss) from changes in fair value
              of financial assets;

      •       For equity instruments measured at FVTOCI, exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income in
              the fair value through other comprehensive income/revaluation reserve.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024       119


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial liabilities and equity

     Classification as debt or equity

     Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the substance of the
     contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

     Equity instruments

     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all of its
     liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

     Perpetual instruments, which include no contractual obligation for the Group to deliver cash or other financial assets or the
     Group has the sole discretion to defer payment of distribution and redemption of principal amount indefinitely are classified
     as equity instruments.

     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain or loss is
     recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity instruments.

     Financial liabilities

     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at FVTPL.

     Financial liabilities at FVTPL

     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an acquirer in a
     business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at FVTPL.

     A financial liability is held for trading if:

     •      it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

     •      on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and
            has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

     •      it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging
            instrument.
120       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Financial instruments (Continued)
      Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)

      Financial liabilities at FVTPL (Continued)

      A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in a business
      combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:

      •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise
              arise; or

      •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which is managed and its
              performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s documented risk management or
              investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided internally on that basis; or

      •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and HKFRS 9 permits the entire combined
              contract to be designated as at FVTPL.

      For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of changes in the fair value of the financial liability that is
      attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition
      of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or enlarge an accounting
      mismatch in profit or loss. For financial liabilities that contain embedded derivatives, the changes in fair value of the
      embedded derivatives are excluded in determining the amount to be presented in other comprehensive income. Changes in
      fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not
      subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to retained profits upon derecognition of the financial
      liability.

      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

      Financial liabilities (including bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, trade payables, accruals and other payables,
      amounts due to related companies and amount due to the immediate holding company) are subsequently measured at
      amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

      Foreign exchange gains and losses

      For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortised cost at the end of each
      reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortised cost of the instruments.
      These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in the “Other gains and losses” line item in profit or loss as part of
      net foreign exchange gains/(losses) for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship. For those
      which are designated as a hedging instrument for a hedge of foreign currency risk, foreign exchange gains and losses are
      recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate component of equity.

      The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency and translated
      at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at FVTPL, the foreign exchange
      component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognised in profit or loss for financial liabilities that are not
      part of a designated hedging relationship.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024       121


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Derecognition of financial assets and liabilities

     The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it
     transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group
     neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset,
     the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group
     retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise
     the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and
     the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

     On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to measure at
     FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is
     transferred to retained earnings.

     The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged, cancelled or have
     expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid and
     payable is recognised in the profit or loss.

     Derivative financial instruments

     Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are subsequently
     remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

     A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more
     than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets
     or current liabilities.
122     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.    MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
      Related parties
      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (i)    A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

             (a)   has control or joint control over the Group;

             (b)   has significant influence over the Group; or

             (c)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

      (ii)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

             (a)   the entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                   subsidiary is related to the others);

             (b)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of the
                   group of which the other entity is a member);

             (c)   both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;

             (d)   one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

             (e)   the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity
                   related to the Group;

             (f)   the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

             (g)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management
                   personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or

             (h)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                   Group or to the parent of the Group.

      Close family members of an individual are those family members who may be expected to influence, or he influence by, that
      person in their dealing with the and include:

      (a)    that person’s children and spouse or domestic partner;

      (b)    children of that person’s spouse or domestic partner; and

      (c)    dependants of the person or that person’s spouse or domestic partner.

      A transaction is considered to be a related party transaction when there is a transfer of resources or obligations between
      related parties.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024       123


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

3.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment reporting
     Operating segments and the amounts of each segment item reported in the consolidated financial statements are identified
     from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s top management for the purposes of allocating resources to
     and assessing the performance of the Group’s various lines of business.

     Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the segments have
     similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of business activities.

     Segment revenue, expenses, results and assets include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be
     allocated on a reasonable basis to that segment, but exclude exceptional items. Segment capital expenditure is the total cost
     incurred during the year to acquire segment assets (both tangible and intangible) that are expected to be used for more
     than one year. Corporate portions of expenses and assets mainly comprise corporate administrative and financing expenses
     and corporate financial assets respectively.

     Share-based payments
     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

     Shares/Share options granted to employees

     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair value of the
     equity instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into consideration all
     non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group’s estimate of
     equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity (share-based payments reserve). At the
     end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest based on
     assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment
     to the share-based payments reserve.

     Cash-settled share-based payment transactions

     For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognised for the goods or services acquired, measured initially at the
     fair value of the liability. The fair value of the cash-settled share-based payments is determined without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions.

     At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at the date of settlement, the liability is remeasured to fair
     value. For cash-settled share-based payments that are already vested, any changes in fair value are recognised in profit or loss
     for the year. For cash-settled share-based payments which are still subject to non-market vesting conditions, the effects of
     vesting and non-vesting conditions are accounted on the same basis as equity-settled share-based payments.
124    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company are
      required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
      readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and underlying assumptions are based on historical experience and other
      factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
      recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the period of the
      revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

      Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that management has made in
      the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised
      in the consolidated financial statement.

      Valuation of inventories

      Valuation of inventories is stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value at the end of the reporting period. Net
      realisable value is determined on the basis of the estimated selling price less the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
      The directors estimate the net realisable value for raw materials and finished goods based primarily on the latest invoice
      prices and current market conditions. In addition, the directors perform an inventory review on a product by product basis at
      the end of each reporting period and assess the need for write down of inventories.

      Significant influence over individual company

      Note 19 describes that Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. is an associate of the Group although the Group has 57.98% ownership
      interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and the remaining 42.02% of shareholdings were
      owned by CDH Genetech that is a related party of the Group. Details of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. are set out in note 19.

      Note 19 describes that Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited is an associate of the Group although the
      Group has 55% ownership interest in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited. The Group has a 55%
      ownership in Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited since September 2018; another 45% of
      shareholdings are owned by another shareholder that are unrelated to the Group. Details of Shanghai Xudong Haipu
      Pharmaceutical Company Limited are set out in note 19.

      The directors of the Company assessed whether the Group has control over Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. and Shanghai
      Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Associates”) based on whether the Group controls these Associates
      when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the Associates and has the ability to affect
      those returns through its power over the Associates. As such, the classification of the entity as a subsidiary, a joint venture, a
      joint operation, an associate or a cost investment might require the application of judgement through the analysis of various
      indicators, such as the percentage of ownership interest held in the entity, the representation on the entity’s board of
      directors and various other factors including, if relevant, the Group’s representation on the chief decision-making authorities
      of an entity, such as board of directors’ meetings and shareholders’ meetings, as well as other facts and circumstances. After
      assessment, the directors of the Company concluded that the Group does not have sufficiently dominant voting interest to
      direct the relevant activities of Associates and therefore the Group does not have control over Associates.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      125


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     (Continued)

     Key sources of estimation uncertainty
     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of
     the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
     liabilities within the next financial year.

     Impairment of goodwill

     Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which
     goodwill has been allocated. The value in use calculation requires the Group to estimate the future cash flows expected to
     be arisen from the cash-generating unit and a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value.

     The carrying amount of goodwill as at 31 December 2024 was approximately HK$1,299,741,000 (2023: HK$588,622,000). An
     impairment loss of approximately HK$49,073,000 (2023: HK$39,136,000) was recognised for the year. Details of the
     impairment assessment are disclosed in note 20.

     Impairment of intangible assets

     The Group performs annual tests on whether there is impairment of intangible assets in accordance with the accounting
     policy. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value in use calculations of CGUs to which intangible assets are
     allocated. These calculations require the use of estimates and assumptions made by management on the future operation of
     the business, post-tax discount rates, and other assumptions underlying the calculation.

     The carrying amount of intangible assets as at 31 December 2024 was approximately HK$2,082,728,000 (2023:
     HK$1,656,879,000). Detailed information is disclosed in note 22.

     Provision of ECL for trade and other receivables and amounts due from related companies

     The Group estimates the loss allowance for trade receivables using ECL model in accordance with HKFRS 9. Under the model,
     the Group assesses lifetime ECL individually for trade receivables with significant balances or credit impaired balances and/or
     collectively using a provision matrix with appropriate age groupings for the remaining debtors. The management takes into
     consideration, inter alia, the historical default rates, past due status, general economic conditions and an assessment of both
     the current conditions at the report date as well as the forward-looking information specific to the debtors.

     The Group uses three-stage model to calculate ECL for the other receivables and amounts due from related companies. The
     provision rates are based on internal credit ratings as groupings of various debtors that have similar loss patterns. The three-
     stage model is based on the Group’s historical default rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is
     reasonable, supportable and available without undue costs or effort. At every reporting date, the historical observed default
     rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition, other receivables and
     amounts due from related companies with significant balances and credit impaired balances are assessed for ECL
     individually.

     The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade and other
     receivables and amounts due from related companies are disclosed in notes 5(b)(iv), 27 and 33.
126    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
      (Continued)

      Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)
      Income tax and deferred tax

      The Group is subject to income taxes in several jurisdictions. There are certain transactions and calculations for which the
      ultimate tax determination may be uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax issues based on estimates of
      whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were
      initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
      determination is made.

      Estimated useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets

      The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges for its
      property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience
      of the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets of similar nature and
      functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor actions in response to market
      conditions. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are less than previously
      estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or
      sold.

      The patents, trademarks and capitalised development costs are considered by the management of the Group as having an
      indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely.

      The intangible asset will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite. Instead it will be tested for
      impairment annually and whenever there is an indication that it may be impaired.

      During the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group did not change the estimated useful lives of property, plant
      and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets.

      Impairment test for interests in associates

      The Group completed its annual impairment test for interests in associates by comparing the recoverable amount of interests
      in associates to its carrying amount as at 31 December 2024. The Group has engaged the independent external valuer to
      carry out a valuation of the interests in associates as at 31 December 2024 based on the value in use calculations. The
      valuations use cash flow projections based on the financial estimates covering a five-year period, and post-tax discount rates
      ranged from 12.0% to 31.5% (2023: 12.0% to 31.4%). The cash flows beyond the five-year period and ten years period are
      extrapolated using a steady 2.0% to 2.2% (2023: 2.1% to 2.2%) growth rate for the pharmaceutical industries in which are
      operated by associates.

      Fair value measurement of equity instruments at FVTOCI and financial assets at FVTPL

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group held equity instruments of FVTOCI and financial assets at FVTPL with carrying amounts of
      approximately HK$247,724,000 (2023: HK$357,554,000) and HK$1,799,961,000 (2023: HK$1,134,590,000). A certain of these
      equity instruments carrying amounting to HK$223,643,000 (2023: HK$334,050,000) and HK$496,563,000 (2023:
      HK$532,913,000), for FVTOCI and FVTPL respectively do not have a quoted market price in an active market are measured at
      fair value with fair value being determined based on significant unobservable inputs using valuation techniques. Judgement
      and estimation are required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in
      assumptions relating to these factors could result in material adjustments to the fair value of these instruments. See note 5(b)
      (vi) for further disclosures.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      127


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
     (a)   Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Equity Instruments at FVTOCI                                                             247,724              357,554
           Financial assets at FVTPL                                                              1,799,961            1,134,590
           Financial asset at amortised cost (including cash and cash equivalents)
              – Trade and other receivables                                                       2,727,019            2,197,896
              – Amounts due from related companies                                                   59,411               52,467
              – Pledged bank deposits                                                                     –               32,672
              – Cash and cash equivalents                                                         1,340,979            1,339,708

                                                                                                  6,175,094            5,114,887

           Financial liabilities
           Contingent consideration payable at FVTPL                                                  76,705                    –
           Financial liabilities at amortised costs
              – Trade and other payables                                                          2,754,168            2,757,644
              – Bank and other borrowings                                                         4,383,627            3,308,014
              – Lease liabilities                                                                    58,919               96,225
              – Amounts due to related companies                                                     13,151               16,576
              – Amount due to the immediate holding company                                           2,331                2,331

                                                                                                  7,288,901            6,180,790


     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies
           The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTOCI, financial asset at FVTPL, trade and other
           receivables, amounts due from related companies, pledged bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
           payables, bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities, amounts due to related companies, amount due to the
           immediate holding company and contingent consideration payable at FVTPL. Details of these financial instruments are
           disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments and the policies on how to mitigate
           these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate
           measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
128    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            i.   Currency risk

                 The Group’s presentation currency is HK$, however, the Group major subsidiaries’ functional currency are RMB in
                 which most of the transactions are denominated. The functional currency is also used to settle expenses for the
                 PRC operations. Certain trade and other receivables, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, bank
                 and other borrowings are denominated in foreign currencies of United State dollars (“USD”). Such USD
                 denominated financial assets and liabilities are exposed to fluctuations in the value of RMB against USD.

                 The Group currently does not have any USD hedging policy but the management monitors USD exchange
                 exposure and will consider hedging significant USD exposure should the need arise.

                 Sensitivity analysis

                 The following table details the Group’s sensitivity to a reasonably possible change of 10% (2023: 10%) in
                 exchange rate of USD against RMB while all other variables are held constant. 10% (2023: 10%) is the sensitivity
                 rate used when reporting foreign currency risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                 management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis
                 includes only outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the end
                 of each reporting period for a 10% (2023: 10%) change in foreign currency rates.

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 Increase/(decrease) in profit for the year
                    – if USD weakens against of RMB                                                 (30,540)            (21,380)
                    – if USD strengthens against of RMB                                              30,540              21,380


                 A change of 10% (2023: 10%) in exchange rate of USD against RMB does not affect other components of equity
                 except the translation reserve.

                 The carrying amounts of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the
                 reporting date are as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                 USD
                   – Trade and other receivables                                                   225,383             180,342
                   – Cash and cash equivalents                                                     150,335              57,165
                   – Trade and other payables                                                      (69,668)            (19,341)
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024       129


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           ii.    Interest rate risk

                  The Group has variable-rate interest-bearing assets and liabilities including pledged bank deposits, bank
                  balances and bank and other borrowings and is therefore exposed to cash flow interest rate risk. In addition, the
                  Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed rate borrowing and lease liabilities. Details of
                  these financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The Group currently does not have interest rate
                  hedging policy. However, the management of the Group monitors interest rate exposure and will consider
                  hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise. Interest rate risk on bank balance is considered
                  immaterial and therefore has been excluded from the sensitivity below. The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly
                  concentrated on the fluctuation of variable-rates borrowings as detailed in note 31.

                  Sensitivity analysis

                  The sensitivity analysis below is prepared assuming the financial instruments outstanding at the end of the
                  reporting period were outstanding for the whole year. A 100 basis point (2023: 100 basis points) increase or
                  decrease is used when reporting interest rate risk internally to key management personnel and represents
                  management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates.

                  If the interest rates had been increased/decreased by 100 basis points (2023: 100 basic points) at the beginning
                  of the year and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s profit after tax and retained profits would
                  decrease/increase by approximately HK$625,000 (2023: decrease/increase by approximately HK$924,000). The
                  assumed changes have no impact on the Group’s other components of equity. This is mainly attributable to the
                  Group’s exposure with respect to interest rate on its variable-interest rate bank and other borrowings.

           iii.   Liquidity risk

                  In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents
                  deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations
                  in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of bank and other borrowings and ensures compliance
                  with loan covenants. Certain Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to
                  certain consolidated balance sheet ratios. If the Group were to breach the covenants, the drawn down facilities
                  would become payable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. At 31
                  December 2024, none of the covenants relating to drawn down facilities had been breached.

                  The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial liabilities
                  based on the agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of
                  financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay.

                  The maturity analysis for financial liabilities is prepared based on the scheduled repayment dates. The table
                  includes both interest and principal cash flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the
                  undiscounted amount is derived from interest rate curve at the end of the reporting period.
130    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                   As at 31 December 2024

                                                         Weighted         Total              More than More than
                                                          average contractual       Within one year but two years but
                                                          interest undiscounted one year or   less than     less than          More than      Carrying
                                                              rate    cash flow on demand    two years     five years          five years      amount
                                                                %      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Non-derivative instruments
                   Trade and other payables                     –     2,754,168    2,754,168              –              –             –     2,754,168
                   Bank and other borrowings                 3.43     4,558,524    3,239,516        966,194        217,671       135,143     4,383,627
                   Lease liabilities                         5.90        67,440       20,986         10,493         25,400        10,561        58,919
                   Amounts due to related companies             –        13,151       13,151              –              –             –        13,151
                   Amount due to the immediate holding
                     company                                    –         2,331         2,331              –              –             –        2,331

                                                                      7,395,614    6,030,152        976,687        243,071       145,704     7,212,196


                   As at 31 December 2023

                                                         Weighted          Total                   More than     More than
                                                          average    contractual       Within    one year but two years but
                                                          interest undiscounted    one year or      less than      less than   More than       Carrying
                                                              rate     cash flow   on demand       two years      five years    five years     amount
                                                                %       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Non-derivative instruments
                   Trade and other payables                      –     2,757,644     2,757,644             –              –             –     2,757,644
                   Bank and other borrowings                  4.26     3,440,763     2,417,529       475,818        547,416             –     3,308,014
                   Lease liabilities                          6.20       111,232        39,395        21,180         29,058        21,599        96,225
                   Amounts due to related companies              –        16,576        16,576             –              –             –        16,576
                   Amount due to the immediate holding
                     company                                    –          2,331        2,331              –              –             –        2,331

                                                                       6,328,546     5,233,475       496,998        576,474        21,599     6,180,790


                   The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities are
                   subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the
                   end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024       131


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iii.   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                  Bank and other borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the “On demand or within one
                  year” time band in the below maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2024, the aggregate carrying amounts of
                  these bank and other borrowings amounted to approximately HK$800,000,000 (2023: approximately
                  HK$1,224,455,000). Taking into account the Group’s financial position, the management does not believe that it
                  is probable that the banks will exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The
                  management believes that such bank and other borrowings will be repaid within 2 years (2023: 1 years) after the
                  end of the reporting period in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements,
                  details of which are set out in the table below:

                                                           Maturity Analysis – Bank and other borrowings with a repayment
                                                                   on demand clause based on scheduled repayments
                                                                                                           Total
                                                          Less than                                undiscounted       Carrying
                                                             1 year      1–2 years      2–5 years cash outflows        amount
                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


                  31 December 2024                            44,627        811,248               –         855,875        800,000
                  31 December 2023                         1,270,783              –               –       1,270,783      1,224,455


                  The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments are subject to change if changes in variable
                  interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

           iv.    Credit risk

                  The credit risk of the Group mainly arises from bank balances and deposits, trade and other receivables, amount
                  due from associates and amounts due from related companies. The carrying amounts of these balances
                  represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets.

                  In respect of cash deposited at banks, the credit risk is considered to be low as the counterparties are reputable
                  banks. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, ECL rate of cash at bank is
                  assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as of 31 December 2024 and 2023.

                  The credit risk for amount due from associates are considered to be low, therefore no ECL provision was made
                  during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.
132    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  In respect of trade receivables, ECLs are recognised under ECL model upon application of HKFRS 9 on trade
                  balances individually or based on provision matrix. The management has delegated a team responsible for
                  determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow up action
                  is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the management reviews the recoverability of each trade debt at
                  the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable
                  amounts. The Group assessed its trade receivables individually, for significant balances and credit-impaired
                  balances, and/or collectively based on the aging analysis of trade receivables. Significant and/or credit-impaired
                  trade receivables balances are assessed individually by considering the aging, repayment history and/or past due
                  status of respective trade receivables.

                  In respect of other receivables and amounts due from related companies, ECLs are recognised in three stages.
                  For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition,
                  ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a
                  12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since
                  initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure,
                  irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                  increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a
                  default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
                  financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
                  that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

                  As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, trade receivables that are individually significant have been separately
                  assessed for impairment. The Group makes periodic assessments on the recoverability of the receivables based
                  on the background and reputation of the customers, historical settlement records and past experience.

                  Majority of the Group’s revenue is received from individual customers in relation to sales of pharmaceutical
                  products and are transacted on credit. The Group’s trade receivables arise from sales of pharmaceutical products
                  to the customers. As at the end of the year, the top three debtors and the largest debtor accounted for
                  approximately 6.44% and 2.45% (2023: 6.30% and 2.58%), of the Group’s trade receivables balance. In view of the
                  history of business dealings with the debtors and the sound collection history of the receivables due from them,
                  management believes that there is no material credit risk inherent in the Group’s outstanding receivable balance
                  due from these debtors saved for the debtor related to the impaired trade receivable disclosed in the below.
                  Management makes periodic assessment on the recoverability of the trade and other receivables based on
                  historical payment records, the length of overdue period, the financial strength of the debtors and whether there
                  are any disputes with the debtors.

                  Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
                  evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to pay, and
                  take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic environment in
                  which the customer operates. Trade receivables are due within 30 to 180 days (2023: 30 to 180 days) from the
                  date of billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024        133


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 As the Group’s historical credit loss experience does not indicate significantly different loss patterns for different
                 customer segments, the loss allowance based on past due status is not further distinguished between the
                 Group’s different customer bases.

                 (1)   Provision of ECL on trade receivables

                       As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group uses debtors’ aging to assess the impairment for
                       its customers because these customers consist of a large number of small customers with common risk
                       characteristics that are representative of the customers’ abilities to pay all amounts due in accordance with
                       the contractual terms. The following table provides information about the exposure to credit risk for trade
                       receivables which are assessed on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not
                       credit-impaired).

                                                                                                         Gross          Allowance
                                                                                 Expected             carrying        for expected
                                                                           credit loss rate            amount           credit loss
                       As at 31 December 2024                                            %            HKD’000             HKD’000


                       Current (not past due)                                           2.6            796,405               20,936
                       Less than 6 months past due                                     10.4            415,094               43,075
                       6 months to 1 year past due                                     48.5             18,269                8,854
                       More than 1 year past due                                      100.0             78,146               78,146

                                                                                                     1,307,914              151,011


                                                                                                          Gross           Allowance
                                                                                  Expected              carrying        for expected
                                                                             credit loss rate           amount             credit loss
                       As at 31 December 2023                                              %            HKD’000              HKD’000


                       Current (not past due)                                            2.8             788,527              22,281
                       Less than 6 months past due                                       8.3             160,531              13,292
                       6 months to 1 year past due                                      21.5              57,016              12,240
                       More than 1 year past due                                       100.0              55,572              55,572

                                                                                                       1,061,646             103,385
134    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  (1)   Provision of ECL on trade receivables (Continued)

                        The provision/(reversal of allowances) of trade receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as
                        follows:

                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                        As at 1 January 2023                                                                            61,341

                        Provision for the year                                                                          43,968
                        Exchange realignment                                                                            (1,924)

                        As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                     103,385

                        Provision for the year                                                                          52,013
                        Exchange realignment                                                                            (4,387)
                        As at 31 December 2024                                                                       151,011


                  (2)   Provision of ECL on other receivables

                        The tables below show loss allowance for ECL based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based
                        on the internal credit score, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December
                        2023.

                                                               Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3
                                                            12-months            Lifetime             Lifetie
                                                                  ECLs               ECLs               ECLs             Total
                        As at 31 December 2024                HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Other receivables
                          – Industry average                    13,668                  –                 –             13,668
                          – CCC–to CC                                –              6,707                 –              6,707
                          –D                                         –                  –            26,903             26,903
                                                                13,668              6,707            26,903             47,278


                                                                Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3
                                                             12-months            Lifetime            Lifetie
                                                                   ECLs               ECLs              ECLs              Total
                        As at 31 December 2023                 HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Other receivables
                          – Industry average                       444                  –                  –                444
                          – CCC–to CC                                –              2,175                  –              2,175
                          –D                                         –                  –             40,755             40,755
                                                                   444              2,175             40,755             43,374
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024      135


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                 (2)   Provision of ECL on other receivables (Continued)

                       The provision/(reversal of allowances) of other receivables as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as
                       follows:

                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                       As at 1 January 2023                                                                          30,433

                       Provision for the year                                                                        13,730
                       Exchange realignment                                                                            (789)

                       As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                     43,374

                       Provision for the year                                                                        20,970
                       Written-off                                                                                  (15,803)
                       Exchange realignment                                                                          (1,263)
                       As at 31 December 2024                                                                       47,278


                       The contractual amounts outstanding on other receivables that were written off related to the debtor,
                       who was placed under liquidation during the year ended 31 December 2024, but are still subject to
                       enforcement activities, were approximately HK$15,699,000.

                 (3)   Provision of ECL on amount due from related companies

                       The table below show credit quality and maximum exposure to credit risk of amounts due from related
                       companies based on the Group’s credit policy, which are mainly based on past due information available
                       without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.

                                                             Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3
                                                          12-months            Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                                ECLs               ECLs              ECLs             Total
                       As at 31 December 2024               HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                       Amount due from related
                        companies
                        – Industry average                      997                  –                 –                 997
                        – CCC–to CC                               –                  –                 –                   –
                        –D                                        –                  –               829                 829
                                                                997                  –               829                1,826
136    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            iv.   Credit risk (Continued)

                  (3)   Provision of ECL on amount due from related companies (Continued)


                                                               Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3
                                                            12-months            Lifetime          Lifetime
                                                                  ECLs               ECLs              ECLs             Total
                        As at 31 December 2023                HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


                        Amount due from related
                         companies
                         – Industry average                       543                  –                 –               543
                         – CCC–to CC                                –                  –                 –                 –
                         –D                                         –                  –               943               943
                                                                  543                  –               943              1,486


                        The provision of ECL on due from related companies as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was as follows:

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                        As at 1 January 2023                                                                             541

                        Provision for the year                                                                           966
                        Exchange realignment                                                                             (21)

                        As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                      1,486

                        Provision for the year                                                                           395
                        Exchange realignment                                                                             (55)
                        As at 31 December 2024                                                                        1,826
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024        137


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           v.    Equity price risk

                 The Group is exposed to equity price risk through its investment in equity instruments measured at FVTPL and
                 FVTOCI. For equity instruments measured at FVTPL quoted in relative active markets, the management of the
                 Group manages this exposure by maintaining a portfolio of investments with different risks. In addition, the
                 Group also invested in certain unquoted equity securities for investees operating in pharmaceutical industry
                 sector for long term strategic purposes which had been designated as FVTOCI.

                 The sensitivity analysis have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risk at the reporting date.
                 Sensitivity analysis for unquote equity securities with fair value measurement categorized within Level 3 were
                 disclosed in note 5(b)(vi).

                 If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed in Hong Kong had been 5% (2023: 5%) higher/lower, the
                 post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$390,000
                 (2023: increase/decrease by approximately HK$640,000), as a result of the changes in fair value of listed equity
                 security in Hong Kong.

                 If the prices of the respective equity instruments listed outside Hong Kong had been 5% (2023 5%) higher/lower,
                 the post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 would increase/decrease by approximately
                 HK$54,027,000 (2023: increase/decrease by approximately HK$24,480,000) and the other comprehensive loss
                 would decrease/increase by approximately HK$1,204,000 (2023: HK$1,175,000) respectively, as a result of the
                 changes in fair value of listed equity security outside Hong Kong.

           vi.   Fair value

                 The following table provides an analysis of financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial
                 recognition at fair value at the end of each reporting period, grouped into Level 1 to 3 based on the degree to
                 which the fair value is observable.

                 –     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for
                       identical assets or liabilities.

                 –     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices included within
                       Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived
                       from prices).

                 –     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs for the
                       asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
138    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                  Fair value hierarchy
                                                                                        2024
                                                               Level 1            Level 2        Level 3       Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Financial assets at FVTPL
                    (note 25) (note (a))                    1,303,398                    –      496,563     1,799,961
                  Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                    (note 24) (note (a))                       24,081                    –      223,643      247,724
                  Contingent consideration
                    payable at FVTPL (note (a))                       –                  –       76,705       76,705


                                                                                         2023
                                                                Level 1            Level 2        Level 3       Total
                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Financial assets at FVTPL
                    (note 25) (note (a))                       601,677                   –       532,913     1,134,590
                  Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                    (note 24) (note (a))                         23,504                  –       334,050      357,554


                  There was no transfer between level 2 and level 3 during the current year.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024           139


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                 Note:

                 (a)     In estimating the fair value, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available. For instruments with significant
                         unobservable inputs under Level 3, the Group engages independent qualified valuers to perform the valuation. The Group
                         works closely with the qualified external valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.

                         Below is a summary of the valuation technique used and the key inputs to the valuation of level 3 instruments and derivative
                         financial instruments:

                                                                Valuation technique        Significant                             2024               2023
                                                                                           unobservable inputs


                         Financial assets
                         Equity instruments at FVTOCI
                         eTheRNA                                Discounted cash flow       Discount rate (note i)               21.91%              20.12%
                           Immunotherapies NV of                  method
                           Preferred Series B Shares

                         Cloudbreak                             Discounted cash flow       Discount rate (note ii)              18.68%              18.06%
                           Pharmaceutical Inc. of                 method
                           Series B Preferred Shares

                         ITM Isotope Technologies               Comparable transaction     % change of market cap                7.70%              15.68%
                           Munich SE of shares                    method                     (note iii)

                         Equity instrument at FVTPL
                         CNCB Healthcare Investment             Net asset value            % change of market cap                9.21%               2.53%
                           Fund II LP                                                        (note iv)

                         Debt instrument at FVTPL
                         Convertible loan receivable            Binomial option pricing    Discount Rate (note v)                8.42%               6.77%
                           from Grand Pharma                       model                   Volatility (note vi)                 47.60%              38.37%
                           Sphere Pte Ltd.

                         Financial liability
                         Contingent consideration payable of    Scenario-based method      Discount rate (note vii)            14.31%                    –
                           FVTPL

                         Notes:

                         (i)      A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                  the eTheRNA Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares, and vice versa. A 5% (2023: 5%) increase/decrease in the
                                  discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the eTheRNA
                                  Immunotherapies NV of Preferred Series B Shares by HK$1,067,000 and HK$1,188,000 (2023: HK$1,831,000 and
                                  HK$2,043,000) respectively.
140    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
            vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                  Note: (Continued)

                         (ii)    A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                 the Cloudbreak Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares, and vice versa. A 5% (2023: 5%) increase/decrease in the
                                 discount rate holding all other variables constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the Cloudbreak
                                 Pharmaceutical Inc. of Series B Preferred Shares by HK$1,908,000 and HK$2,132,000 (2023: HK$2,190,000 and
                                 HK$2,419,000) respectively.

                         (iii)   A slight increase in the % change of market cap used in isolation would result in a slight increase in the fair value
                                 measurement of the share of ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the %
                                 change of market cap holding all other variables constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount of the share of
                                 ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE by approximately HK$617,000 (2023: HK$1,138,000).

                         (iv)    A slight increase in the % change of market cap used in isolation would result in a slight increase in the fair value
                                 measurement of the CNCB Healthcare Investment Fund II LP, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the % change of
                                 market cap holding all other variables constant would increase/decrease the carrying amount of the share of CNCB
                                 Healthcare Investment Fund II LP by approximately HK$583,000 (2023: HK$172,000).

                         (v)     A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                 the convertible loan, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all other variables constant
                                 would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the convertible loan by HK$653,000 (2023: HK$738,000) and
                                 HK$657,000 (2023: HK$742,000) respectively.

                         (vi)    A slight increase in the volatility used in isolation would result in a slight increase in the fair value measurement of the
                                 convertible loan, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the volatility holding all other variables constant would
                                 increase/decrease the carrying amount of the convertible loan by HK$100,000 (2023: HK$147,000) and HK$200,000 (2023:
                                 HK$59,000) respectively.

                         (vii)   A slight increase in the discount rate used in isolation would result in a slight decrease in the fair value measurement of
                                 the derivate instrument at FVTPL, and vice versa. A 5% increase/decrease in the discount rate holding all other variables
                                 constant would decrease/increase the carrying amount of the derivate instrument at FVTPL by HK$56,000 and
                                 HK$63,000 respectively.

                  Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of equity instruments at FVTOCI

                                                                                                                         2024                      2023
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                   HK$’000


                  As at 1 January                                                                                       334,050                  542,477
                  Disposal during the year                                                                                    –                  (23,761)
                  Fair value loss in other comprehensive income                                                        (110,298)                (184,560)
                  Exchange alignment                                                                                       (109)                    (106)

                  As at 31 December                                                                                     223,643                  334,050


                  Included in other comprehensive income is a fair value loss in an amount of approximately HK$109,604,000
                  (2023: HK$185,919,000) relating to listed and unlisted equity securities classified as equity instruments at FVTOCI
                  held at the end of the current reporting period and is reported as changes of “FVTOCI reserve”.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024    141


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

5.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
           vi.   Fair value (Continued)

                 Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets at FVTPL

                                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000


                 As at 1 January                                                                  532,913                 –
                 Addition during the year                                                          11,343           542,632
                 Disposal during the year                                                         (21,173)                –
                 Fair value loss in profit or loss                                                (25,794)           (9,288)
                 Exchange alignment                                                                  (726)             (431)

                 As at 31 December                                                                496,563           532,913


                 Reconciliation of level 3 fair value measurements of the contingent consideration payable at FVTPL

                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                 As at 1 January                                                                                         –
                 Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                                           71,666
                 Fair value gain in profit or loss*                                                                  6,544
                 Exchange alignment                                                                                 (1,505)

                 As at 31 December                                                                                  76,705

                 *     Amount included in offer income, gains and losses, net


                 The directors consider the fair values of trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, cash and cash
                 equivalents, trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings reported in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position approximate their carrying amounts due to their immediate or short-term maturities.

                 The directors consider the fair value of amount due to the immediate holding company approximate to its
                 carrying amount as the impact of discounting is not significant.
142     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

6.    CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      The Group reviews its capital structure to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern while
      maximising the return to shareholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy
      remains unchanged from prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of debt, which includes bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and amount
      due to the immediate holding company, cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company,
      comprising issued share capital, share premium, reserves and retained profits.

      The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

      Gearing ratio
      The directors of the Company review the capital structure regularly. As part of this review, the directors of the Company
      consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the directors,
      the Group will balance its overall capital structure through payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as
      well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

      The gearing ratio at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

                                                                                                                       2024                     2023
                                                                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Debts (note (a))                                                                                             4,444,877                 3,406,570
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   (1,340,979)               (1,339,708)

      Net debt                                                                                                     3,103,898                 2,066,862
      Equity (note (b))                                                                                           16,525,338                15,270,516
      Net debt to equity ratio                                                                                        18.8%                     13.5%

      Notes:

      (a)      Debts comprises bank and other borrowings, lease liabilities and amount due to the immediate holding company respectively.

      (b)      Equity includes all capital and reserves and non-controlling interests of the Group.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024         143


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

7.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group is principally engaged in manufacture and sales of
     pharmaceutical technology products, bio-technology products as well as nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and
     treatment and cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and treatment technology products. The board of
     directors, being the chief operating decision maker of the Group, reviews the operating results of the Group as a whole to
     make decisions about resource allocation. The operation of the Group constitutes one single reportable segment under
     HKFRS 8 and accordingly, no separate segment information is prepared.

     The Group’s revenue represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of discounts and sales related taxes.

     Geographical information
     The Group’s operations are mainly located in the PRC (country of domicile) and it also derives revenue from America, Europe
     and Asia (other than the PRC).

     Information about the Group’s revenue from external customers is presented based on geographical location of the
     customers and information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented based on geographical location of the assets
     are detailed below:

                                                                   Revenue from external
                                                                        customers                                 Non-current assets
                                                                       2024                   2023                 2024                   2023
                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000              HK$’000                HK$’000


     The PRC                                                     10,046,227                8,721,927          10,908,461               9,369,147
     America                                                        589,430                  687,446             290,295                 317,744
     Europe                                                         478,293                  562,250                   –                       –
     Asia other than the PRC                                        474,963                  512,093              96,410                 107,564
     Others                                                          55,979                   45,874                   –                       –

     Total                                                       11,644,892              10,529,590           11,295,166               9,794,455

     Note: Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at fair value through comprehensive income, deferred tax assets and a part of interests in
           associates.
144    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

7.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Information about major customers
      For the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, none of the Group’s sales to a single customer amounted to 10% or more
      of the Group’s total revenue.

      Revenue
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


      Type of goods and services
      Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical technology products                                 7,317,837            6,813,239
      Sales of bio-technology products                                                            3,510,841            3,380,958
      Sales of nuclear medicine anti-tumor diagnosis and treatment and
        cerebro-cardiovascular precision interventional diagnosis and
        treatment technology products                                                               816,214             335,393

      Total revenue recognised at point in time                                                  11,644,892          10,529,590

      Revenue disclosed in segment information
      External customers                                                                         11,644,892          10,529,590

      Timing of revenue recognition
      At a point in time                                                                         11,644,892          10,529,590


      All of the Group’s revenue are recognised at point in time when carrier designated by the customers, or after the customer’s
      acceptance or upon transfer of control of the goods to customer. All of the Group’s revenue is generated in the PRC based
      on where goods are sold. All revenue contracts are for period of one year or less, as permitted by practical expedient under
      HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contacts is not disclosed.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024          145


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

8.   OTHER INCOME, GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Government grants (note (i))                                                                                       97,775                 129,081
     Interest income                                                                                                     6,310                   7,745
     Sales of raw materials, scrap and other materials, net                                                              5,471                  10,676
     Rental income                                                                                                       4,250                     962
     Net gain in fair value of investment properties (note 18)                                                           4,385                   5,454
     Additional deduction of VAT (note (ii))                                                                            26,109                  20,139
     Fine imposed pursuant to China’s Anti-Monopoly Law (note (iii))                                                         –                (316,182)
     Gain on bargain purchase arising on acquisition (note 38(a))                                                       54,214                       –
     Sundry income                                                                                                      43,220                  34,315

                                                                                                                      241,734                 (107,810)

     Notes:

     (i)      The amount in consists of government grants with conditions being fulfilled and included in deferred income amounted to approximately
              HK$22,229,000 (2023: HK$18,393,000) for the year ended 31 December 2024. There are no unfulfilled conditions related to the remaining
              amount of approximately HK$75,546,000 (2023: HK$130,827,000).

     (ii)     During the current year, the Group recognised government grants of approximately HK$26,109,000 (2023: HK$20,139,000) in respect of value-
              added tax exemption provided by the local government in accordance with Announcement 2023 No. 43 of the Ministry of Finance and the
              State Administration of Taxation, advanced manufacturing enterprises are allowed to deduct additional 5% VAT of the current deductible input
              VAT from the VAT payable. According to the announcement, the value-added tax exemption is effective until 31 December 2027.

     (iii)    On May 28, 2023, the China State Administration for Market Regulation issued a Notice of Administrative Decision (the “Notice”) regarding a
              violation of the Anti-Monopoly Law of the People’s Republic of China. As a result, a penalty was imposed, which includes the confiscation of
              gains amounting to approximately RMB149,457,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$165,467,000) and a fine of approximately RMB136,132,000
              (equivalent to approximately HK$150,715,000).


9.   FAIR VALUE CHANGE ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     (Loss)/gain in fair value change of listed equity securities in Hong Kong                                         (6,000)                     833
     Gain in fair value change of equity instruments outside Hong Kong                                                681,585                  172,615
     Gain/(loss) in fair value change of debt instruments                                                                 343                  (24,527)

                                                                                                                      675,928                  148,921


10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Interest on bank and other borrowings                                                                            174,582                  198,397
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                      5,660                    6,748

                                                                                                                      180,242                  205,145
146    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000


      Current tax                                                                                       397,200              442,361
      Deferred tax (note 23 and note 34)                                                                (10,896)               6,394

                                                                                                        386,304              448,755


      No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements as the Company did not have
      any assessable profits subject to Hong Kong profits tax for both years. Provision on profits assessable elsewhere has been
      calculated at the rate of tax prevailing to the countries to which the Group operates, based on existing legislation,
      interpretations, and practices in respect thereof.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax
      rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

      According to the relevant the PRC tax regulations, High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) operating within a High and
      New Technology Development Zone are entitled to a reduced Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT”) rate of 15%. Certain
      subsidiaries are recognised as HNTE and accordingly, are subject to EIT at 15%. The recognition as a HNTE is subject to review
      on every three years by the relevant government bodies.

      The U.S. corporate tax rate is 21% for the year ended 31 December 2024 in accordance to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The U.S.
      income tax includes (a) federal income tax calculated at a fixed rate of 21% for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: a
      fixed rate of 21%) on the estimated U.S. federal taxable income and (b) state income tax to calculated at various state income
      tax rates for both periods on the estimated state taxable income for the respective states. The income subject to tax in a
      specific state (i.e. state taxable income) is calculated based on the federal taxable income with state tax adjustments, which is
      then allocated or apportioned to the respective states (i.e. percentage of taxable income that should be apportioned or
      specially allocated to the respective states in which the Group operates) based on the apportionment factors provided from
      the state tax returns in previous year.

      The charge for the year is reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
      comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000


      Profit before tax                                                                               2,852,363            2,344,197

      Tax at the average income tax rate                                                                713,091              586,049
      Tax effect of share of results of associates                                                      (24,264)               2,186
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                              72,520               83,021
      Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                                 (105,438)             (36,800)
      Tax effect of temporary differences not recognised                                                 16,252               12,206
      Effect of tax exemptions granted to the PRC subsidiaries                                          (51,503)             (44,011)
      Income tax on concessionary rate                                                                 (261,932)            (239,954)
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                            27,578               86,058

      Tax charge for the year                                                                           386,304              448,755
                                                                             Annual Report 2024      147


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

12. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


     Profit for the year is arrived after charging/(crediting):
     Staff costs (excluding Directors’emoluments (note 15)) comprises:
       – Wages and salaries                                              1,912,693         1,402,958
       – Retirement benefits schemes contributions                         155,574           110,262

                                                                         2,068,267         1,513,220

     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment (note 16)              359,319            323,268
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 17)                         50,368             39,855
     Amortisation of intangible assets (note 22)                           94,061             29,087

     Total depreciation and amortisation                                  503,748            392,210

     Provision of allowance for ECL
       – trade and other receivables (note 5(b)(iv))                       72,983             57,698
       – amounts due from related companies (note 5(b)(iv))                   395                966

     Provision of allowance for ECL, net of reversal                       73,378             58,664

     Auditors’remuneration
       – audit services                                                     3,980                 3,980
       – non-audit services                                                     –                     –

     Cost of inventories recognised as an expense                        4,855,784         4,005,524
     Write-off of property, plant and equipment                                  8            16,453
     Research and development expenditure                                  588,142           571,985
     Marketing and promotion expenses                                      859,901           567,201
     Write-down of inventories                                              50,792            14,768
     Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                         997            13,064
     Net foreign exchange gain                                              20,874           (43,505)
     Short-term lease rental expenses                                       37,488            25,012
148    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

13. DIVIDEND
      (i)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year
                                                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


              Final dividend proposed after the end of report HK$0.26 per share
                 (2023: HK$0.26)                                                                                        910,471                 905,141


      (ii)    Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial
              year, approved and paid during the year


                                                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


              Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved and
                 paid during the year, of HK$0.26 per share (2023: HK$0.14)                                             910,471                 496,940


14. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity owners of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the Period, excluding ordinary shares purchased by the Group and
      held as treasury shares.

                                                                                                                         2024                     2023
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Earnings

      Earnings for the purpose of basic earnings per share calculation                                               2,468,375                1,879,998


                                                                                                                            2024                    2023
                                                                                                                             ’000                    ’000


      Number of shares

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per
       share calculation (Note)                                                                                      3,501,810                3,507,754

      Note:

      As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, treasury shares are deducted from total shares in issue for the purpose of calculating earnings per share.


      Diluted earnings per share is the same as the basic earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 as
      there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in issue.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      149


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS
     (a)   Directors’ emoluments
           Details of directors’ emoluments are as follows:

                                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000             HK$’000


           Fees:
             Executive directors                                                                            67                  50
             Independent non-executive directors                                                           340                 340

                                                                                                           407                 390
           Other emoluments:
             Salaries and allowances                                                                     5,395                8,079
             Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                       98                  519

                                                                                                         5,900                8,988


           No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join, or upon joining the Group, or as
           compensation for loss of office for both years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

           The emoluments paid or payable to each of the nine (2023: nine) directors for the year ended 31 December 2024 are
           as follows:

                                                                                                    Retirement
                                                                                                       benefits
                                                                                   Salaries and        schemes
                                                                   Fees             allowances    contributions           Total
                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


           Executive directors:
           Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                                  –                 2,912              98                3,010
           Dr. Shi Lin (resigned on 24 June 2024)                      –                     –               –                    –
           Mr. Zhou Chao (note (a))                                    –                 2,483               –                2,483
           Mr. Yang Guang                                             50                     –               –                   50
           Ms. Lam Chit Yee Jessia
             (appinted on 27 August 2024)                             17                     –               –                  17

           Independent non-executive directors:
           Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                   180                     –               –                 180
           Dr. Pei Geng                                              100                     –               –                 100
           Dr. Xing Li Na (appointed on 24 June 2024)                  –                     –               –                   –
           Mr. Hu Yebi                                                60                     –               –                  60
           Total                                                     407                  5395              98                5,900


           Note:

           (a)     Mr. Zhou Chao is the chief executive officer since June 2021.
150    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
            Details of directors’ emoluments for the year ended 31 December 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                                     Retirement
                                                                                                        benefits
                                                                              Salaries and             schemes
                                                                  Fees         allowances          contributions     Total
                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000              HK$’000    HK$’000


            Executive directors:
            Dr. Tang Weikun (Chairman)                               –              2,770                   121      2,891
            Dr. Shao Yan (retired on 2 June 2023)                    –              1,720                   172      1,892
            Dr. Niu Zhanqi (resigned on 21 June 2023)               25                  –                     –         25
            Dr. Shi Lin                                              –              1,888                    54      1,942
            Mr. Zhou Chao (appointed on 2 June 2023)                 –              1,701                   172      1,873
            Mr. Yang Guang (appointed on 30 June 2023)              25                  –                     –         25

            Independent non-executive directors:
            Ms. So Tosi Wan, Winnie                                180                  –                     –        180
            Dr. Pei Geng                                           100                  –                     –        100
            Mr. Hu Yebi                                             60                  –                     –         60

            Total                                                  390              8,079                   519      8,988


            One of the independent non-executive director waived emoluments of HK$25,000 paid by the Company during the
            year ended 31 December 2024. None of the directors of the Company waived or agreed to waived any emoluments
            paid by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023.

      (b)   Five Highest Paid Individuals
            The five individuals with the highest emoluments in the Group, one (2023: one) was the director of the Company
            whose emoluments were included above. The emoluments of the remaining four (2023: four) individuals are as
            follows:

                                                                                                       2024          2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000       HK$’000


            Employees
              Salaries and allowances                                                                  16,352       14,614
              Retirement benefits schemes contributions                                                   643          497

                                                                                                       16,995       15,111
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    151


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

15. DIRECTORS’ AND EMPLOYEES’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     (b)   Five Highest Paid Individuals (Continued)
           These emoluments were within the following bands:

                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                No. of             No. of
                                                                                            employees          employees


           Nil to HK$3,000,000                                                                        2                –
           HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                               –                2
           HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                               1                –
           Over HK$4,000,000                                                                          1                2

                                                                                                      4                4


           During both years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the five highest
           paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     (c)   Senior Management of the Group
           The emoluments of the senior management who are non-director of the Group are within the following band:

                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                No. of             No. of
                                                                                            employees          employees


           Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                        –                –
           HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                               –                1
           HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000                                                               –                –
           HK$2,000,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                               1                1
           Over HK$3,000,000                                                                          –                –

                                                                                                      1                2


           During years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the senior management
           as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.
152     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                       Owned       Allocated     Plant and      Motor                               Construction
                                                     buildings          land    machinery     vehicles    Equipment      Others      in progress        Total
                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2023                            2,337,155        1,696     2,328,120      27,203       225,458        381          551,338     5,471,351
      Additions                                               –            –       159,312       2,189        88,794          –          237,432       487,727
      Disposals                                         (31,445)           –       (38,532)          –        (2,144)         –                –       (72,121)
      Acquired through asset acquisition
         (note 38(b))                                        –             –             –           –            578          –               –           578
      Write-off                                        (13,072)            –        (8,751)     (1,076)        (6,198)         –               –       (29,097)
      Transfer                                         257,228             –       110,215           –              –          –        (367,443)            –
      Exchange realignment                             (73,667)          (46)      (88,321)     (1,089)       (10,315)       (10)        (11,158)     (184,606)

      As at 31 December 2023 and
         1 January 2024                               2,476,199        1,650     2,462,043      27,227       296,173        371          410,169     5,673,832
      Additions                                             155            –        12,620       1,902         6,771          –          534,333       555,781
      Disposals                                               –            –       (20,630)     (2,365)       (4,485)         –                –       (27,480)
      Acquired through acquisition of a subsidiary
         (note 38(a))                                   118,681            –       102,598       1,384         11,660          –           5,647       239,970
      Transfer                                           89,048            –       146,602           –         22,709          –        (258,359)            –
      Write-off                                             (20)           –             –           –              –          –               –           (20)
      Exchange realignment                             (110,983)         (54)     (118,694)       (910)       (10,059)       (12)        (18,861)     (259,573)

      As at 31 December 2024                          2,573,080        1,596     2,584,539      27,238       322,769        359          672,929     6,182,510

      Accumulated depreciation and
         impairment
      As at 1 January 2023                             674,088            –      1,148,817      15,027       127,900        381                –     1,966,213
      Depreciation provided for the year               100,566            –        167,332       3,336        52,034          –                –       323,268
      Eliminated on disposals                          (19,885)           –        (30,563)          –        (2,000)         –                –       (52,448)
      Eliminated on write-off                             (449)           –         (5,381)       (984)       (5,830)         –                –       (12,644)
      Exchange realignment                             (30,072)           –        (48,691)       (527)       (4,459)       (10)               –       (83,759)

      As at 31 December 2023 and
         1 January 2024                                724,248            –      1,231,514      16,852       167,645        371                –     2,140,630
      Depreciation provided for the year               110,840            –        181,695       3,138        63,646          –                –       359,319
      Eliminated on disposals                                –            –        (19,164)     (2,261)       (4,087)         –                –       (25,512)
      Eliminated on write-off                              (12)           –              –           –             –          –                –           (12)
      Exchange realignment                             (25,865)           –        (43,469)       (569)       (6,285)       (12)               –       (76,200)

      As at 31 December 2024                           809,211            –      1,350,576      17,160       220,919        359                –     2,398,225

      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2024                         1,763,869        1,596     1,233,963      10,078       101,850           –         672,929     3,784,285

      As at 31 December 2023                          1,751,951        1,650     1,230,529      10,375       128,528          –          410,169     3,533,202
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      153


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress and allocated land are depreciated on
     a straight-line basis, at the following rates per annum:

     Buildings                              2.5%–10%
     Plant and machinery                    5%–25%
     Equipment                              12%–33.3%
     Motor vehicles                         10%–25%
     Others                                 12.5%–20%

     Allocated land is located in the PRC and is not specified by the PRC government authorities with the period of usage. The
     allocated land is restricted for disposal or transfer, but can be leased or pledged to other parties upon obtaining the approval
     from the relevant PRC’s authorities.

     Buildings are held in the PRC under medium-term leases.

     As at 31 December 2024, certain buildings in the Group aggregated amount of approximately HK$87,242,000 (2023:
     HK$97,287,000) have been pledged to banks to secure general bank loans granted to the Group as further detailed in note
     41.
154        Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                     Motor vehicle                 Buildings
                                                                        leased for                leased for                   Land
                                                                        own used                    own use                use right                Total
                                                                           HK$’000                   HK$’000                HK$’000               HK$’000


      Cost
      As at 1 January 2023                                                         696                  86,557                440,461             527,714

      Additions                                                                    147                  62,196                  11,662              74,005
      Termination of lease                                                           –                  (7,401)                      –              (7,401)
      Exchange realignment                                                         (14)                 (2,495)                (16,158)            (18,667)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                    829                138,857                 435,965             575,651

      Additions                                                                      –                   2,617                  24,846              27,463
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                       –                       –                  70,180              70,180
      Termination of lease                                                        (816)                (15,128)                      –             (15,944)
      Exchange realignment                                                         (13)                 (5,244)                (14,938)            (20,195)

      As at 31 December 2024                                                          –               121,102                 516,053             637,155

      Accumulated depreciation
      As at 1 January 2023                                                         227                  29,912                 60,811              90,950

      Depreciation provided for the year                                           220                  29,053                 10,582              39,855
      Termination of leases                                                          –                  (7,401)                     –              (7,401)
      Exchange realignment                                                          (2)                   (135)                   (67)               (204)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                    445                  51,429                 71,326             123,200

      Depreciation provided for the year                                            39                  35,321                 15,008               50,368
      Termination of leases                                                       (476)                (15,128)                     –              (15,604)
      Exchange realignment                                                          (8)                 (2,078)                  (506)              (2,592)

      As at 31 December 2024                                                          –                 69,544                 85,828             155,372
      Net carrying amounts
      As at 31 December 2024                                                          –               51,558                430,225               481,783
      As at 31 December 2023                                                       384                  87,428                364,639             452,451

      Notes:

      1.       The Group leases several assets including office premises and land right use. The average lease term is 6 years (2023: 6 years).

      2.       The total cash outflow for leases, including payment of short-term lease, was approximately HK$76,822,000 (2023: HK$58,582,000) for the year
               ended 31 December 2024.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024    155


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000


     Residential properties                                                             174,356            175,817


                                                                                          2024               2023
                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000


     As at 1 January                                                                    175,817            175,112
     Fair value gain recognised in profit or loss (note 8)                                4,385              5,454
     Exchange realignment                                                                (5,846)            (4,749)

     As at 31 December                                                                  174,356            175,817


     Properties measured at fair value
                                                                                2024
                                                              Level 1     Level 2        Level 3           Total
                                                             HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                           –           –       174,356           174,356


                                                                                 2023
                                                               Level 1     Level 2        Level 3            Total
                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


     Investment properties located in PRC                           –           –        175,817           175,817
156    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
      (a)   Valuation of investment properties
            The investment properties of the Group of approximately HK$174,356,000 (2023: HK$175,817,000) were stated at fair
            value as at 31 December 2024. The fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were arrived
            at based on the valuations carried out by Wuhan Huasheng Zhenghao Assets Appraisal Co., Ltd.*, an independent
            external valuer. *(This is the English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purposes
            only)

            The valuer has valued the properties on the basis of comparable market transactions as available. Discussions of
            valuation processes and results are held between the Group and valuers at least once every six months, in line with the
            Group’s interim and annual reporting dates. As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the fair values of the properties were
            determined by the valuer. At each financial year end, the Group (i) verifies all major inputs to the independent
            valuation report and (ii) holds discussions with the independent valuer.

            Market approach method is adopted based on the principle of substitution, where comparison is made based on
            prices realised on actual sales and/or asking prices of comparable properties. Comparable properties of similar size,
            scale, nature, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
            disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of market value and capital values.

            The valuation assumptions, unless otherwise stated, the valuer assumed that:

            (a)   The assets within the scope of the assessment are owned by the appraised unit and there is no ownership
                  dispute;

            (b)   The assessment information provided by the entrusting party and the appraised unit is true, lawful and complete;
                  and

            (c)   The assessment data collected by the assessors in the capacity range is authentic and credible.

            There was no change from the valuation technique used during the year. In estimating the fair value of the properties,
            the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

            The valuation of investment properties is determined by various major inputs:

            As at 31 December 2024, the major unobservable inputs applied in valuing the investment properties was adjusted
            market selling price per each square meter with reference to recent transactions, taken into account and adjusted for
            nature, location, conditions, transaction time and plot ratio. The range of unit market price was from RMB4,071 to
            RMB4,152 (2023: RMB3,970 to RMB4,050). An increase in unit market price would result in an increase in the fair value of
            investment properties, and vice versa.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   157


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


     Cost of unlisted investments                                                                  7,411,892          7,411,892
     Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income                                 207,063            161,595

     Group’s share of net assets                                                                   7,618,955          7,573,487
     Amounts due from associates                                                                     172,075            290,879

                                                                                                   7,791,030          7,864,366


     Amounts due from associates are unsecured, interest-free and not recoverable within next twelve months.

     The summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s material associates is set out below:

     Shanghai Xudong Haipu Pharmaceutical Company Limited (the “Xudong Haipu”)
                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


     Total assets                                                                                  2,913,520          2,825,847
     Total liabilities                                                                              (822,852)          (323,872)

     Net assets of the associate                                                                   2,090,668          2,501,975
     Less: Non-controlling interests                                                                 (71,334)           (74,150)

     Net assets attributable to owners of the associate                                            2,019,334          2,427,825

     Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                  1,110,634          1,335,304
     Goodwill                                                                                        875,304            904,958

                                                                                                   1,985,938          2,240,262

     Revenue                                                                                         952,994          1,030,835

     Profit for the year                                                                             225,172            190,280

     Share of result in an associate for the year                                                    123,845            104,654

     Dividend received during the year                                                               358,081                  –


     The recoverable amount of the associate is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
     cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate
     of approximately 12.7% (2023: 13.6%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks
     specific to the associate. Cash flows beyond 5-year period have been extrapolated using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023:
     2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable
     amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the associate to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of the associate, no impairment loss was
     recognised.
158    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (the “Grand Pharma Sphere”)
                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000


      Total assets                                                                              12,851,251           12,420,241
      Total liabilities                                                                         (3,823,388)          (3,504,020)

      Net assets                                                                                 9,027,863            8,916,221

      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                               5,055,603            4,991,038

      Revenue                                                                                    1,513,648            1,261,284

      Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                     28,687            (153,637)

      Share of result of an associate for the year                                                   16,633             (89,067)


      Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material
                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000


      The Group’s share of results of associates                                                     28,330             (40,595)

      The Group’s share of net assets of associates                                                577,414             342,187


      The recoverable amount of the associate is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted
      cash flow sourced from the financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the weighted
      discount rate of approximately 11.5% (2023: 12.1%) that reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and
      the risks specific to the associate. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.1% weighted growth rate
      per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the associate to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of the associate, no impairment loss was
      recognised.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024             159


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Details of the principal associates as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                           Place of         Form of                    Percentage of             Particulars of
                           incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting      issued/paid-up
     Name                  operation        structure           power held by the Company        capital               Principal activities
                                                                       2024             2023


     Cardionovum Holding   Hong Kong/       Limited liability        33.33%           33.33%     Contributed capital   Development, production
                             Hong Kong      company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD93,000,000         and distribution of
                                                                                                                         advanced cardiovascular
                                                                                                                         interventional medical
                                                                                                                         devices and the provision
                                                                                                                         of related services

     Xudong Haipu          PRC/PRC          Limited liability        55.00%           55.00%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of
       (note (a) & (d))                     company                (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB60,000,000         pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                         preparations for
                                                                                                                         injections

     Grand Pharma Sphere   Singapore/       Limited liability        57.98%           57.98%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
       (note (b))             Singapore     company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD100



     Nanjing Fuhan         PRC/PRC          Limited                  51.00%           51.00%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
       (note (e))                           partnership            (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB40,000,000

     Nanjing Kainite       PRC/PRC          Limited liability        29.27%           29.27%     Contributed capital   Development of
       (note (c) & (e))                     company                (indirect)       (indirect)     RMB3,100,000          Neurological intervention

     CoRISMA               USA/USA          Limited liability        22.20%           22.20%     Contributed capital   Development of global
                                            company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD13,250,000         innovative medical
                                                                                                                         devices

     FastWave              USA/USA          Limited liability        40.00%           40.00%     Contributed capital   Development of global
                                            company                (indirect)       (indirect)     USD1,200,000          cerebro-cardiovascular
                                                                                                                         precision interventional
                                                                                                                         devices
160     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Xudong Haipu was an associate of Taiwan Tung Yang International Company Limited (“Tung Yang”). The Company entered into the acquisition
               agreement, the Company had acquired 100% of the Tung Yang shares at aggregate consideration HK$2,004,227,000 which are settled by cash
               and shares. Upon completion of the acquisition, Tung Yang is a directly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Xudong Haipu and its
               subsidiaries are classified as associates of the Company after Completion. This is because material decisions of Xudong Haipu (including but
               not limited to the approval of its annual budget, manufacturing plan and profit distribution policy) are subject to the resolutions of the board
               of directors of Xudong Haipu which must be passed by at least two-third of its directors in attendance under the articles of association of
               Xudong Haipu. As Tung Yang is entitled to appoint only four out of the seven directors of Xudong Haipu, Tung Yang does not have control
               over the operations and financial management of Xudong Haipu.

               The completion of the acquisition took place on 5 September 2018. Details of the acquisition of Tung Yang are disclosed in the announcement
               of the Company dated 24 May 2018, 31 July 2018 and 24 August 2018.

               Even the Company was holding 55% of shares of Xudong Haipu, since the resolutions requires at least 5 out of 7 directors’ approval to pass,
               where the Company only entitled to appoint 4 directors on the board meeting, the Company does not have control over the associate.

      (b)      Grand Pharma Sphere was an associate of Grand Decade Developments Limited (“Grand Decade”) and it was the immediate holder of Grand
               Pharma Sphere (Australia BidCo) Pte Ltd. (“BidCo”).

               The Company entered into the binding scheme implementation deed pursuant to which CDH Genetech Limited (“CDH Genetech”) and the
               Company had acquired 100% of the Sirtex Medical Pty Ltd. (“Sirtex”) shares. The Company and CDH Genetech had established BidCo to acquire
               the Sirtex shares and paid aggregate consideration HK$2,907,725,000. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Company and CDH Genetech
               owned 49% and 51% of the issued shares capital of the BidCo respectively. The completion of the acquisition took place on 20 September
               2018. Details of the acquisition of BidCo are disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 14 June 2018, 26 July 2018, 20 September
               2018 and 12 March 2019.

               The Group entered into a subscription agreement with CDH Genetech pursuant to which the Group and CDH Genetech (or its nominee) will
               further subscribe shares of Grand Pharma Sphere in proportion to their respective equity interests. The total consideration for the further
               subscription is approximately HK$1,163,571,000 and the Group and CDH Genetech will invest for approximately HK$570,150,000 and
               HK$593,421,000 respectively. Details of the further subscription of the Grand Pharma Sphere were disclosed in the announcement of the
               Company dated 4 May 2020.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024           161


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

19. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)   (Continued)

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, there was an increase in shareholding in Grand Pharma Sphere through several transactions as
            described below. Details of the transactions were stated in the Company published announcement dated 2 July 2021, 11 August 2021 and 1
            September 2021 and circular dated 13 September 2021.

            On 1 July 2021, the Group entered into a subscription agreement with Grand Pharma Sphere, pursuant to which, the Group agreed to
            subscribe for and Grand Pharma Sphere agreed to issue and allot 84,704,650 Grand Pharma Sphere Shares for a consideration of US$100
            million. The subscription was completed in July 2021. As at 31 December 2021, the shareholdings in Grand Pharma Sphere held by the Group
            increased by approximately 0.15% after a series of transactions.

           The Group also entered into two agreements of total return swap transaction (“TRS Agreements”) with a financial institution (the “Natixis”),
           pursuant to which, among other things, the Natixis shall pass through to the Company the full economic exposure to the shares of Grand
           Pharma Sphere (“Sirtex HoldCo Shares”) acquired by the Natixis pursuant to the Natixis’s Subscriptions.

            In view of the TRS Agreements, the total of Sirtex HoldCo Shares which was acquired by the Natixis under the Natixis’s Subscription (the
            “Natixis Shares”) are treated as part of the existing ownership interests of the Group in Grand Pharma Sphere for the purpose of applying the
            equity method of accounting as the terms of the TRS Agreement are such that it is the Company that has access to the returns associated with
            an ownership interest in the Natixis’s shares currently held by the Natixis. In such circumstances, the proportion of ownership interest in Grand
            Pharma Sphere allocated to the Group is determined by taking into account the Shares held by the Natixis that currently give the Group access
            to the returns. The Group’s effective interests in Grand Pharma Sphere, has been increased by 7.69%.

            Hence, the Group had, in substance, an existing ownership interest in respect of the 84,704,650 Sirtex HoldCo Shares as a result of the TRS
            transaction. A corresponding liability of USD100,000,000, which is equivalent to HK$777,256,000, representing the potential future payments
            was recognised at initial recognition of these ownership interests, which is disclosed under “Bank and other borrowings” of consolidated
            statement of financial position. The liabilities has been fully settled during the year ended 31 December 2023.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group subscribed 29,646,627 new shares of Grand Pharma Sphere Pte Ltd. (which wholly
            owned the equity interests of Sirtex) at the consideration of USD35,000,000. After the completion of the transaction, the equity interests held in
            it increased to approximately 51.61%. The Group’s effective interest in Grand Pharma Sphere Pte. Ltd. increased to 57.98%, with consideration
            of shares held by Natixis. Details of the subscription for new shares in Grand Pharma Sphere were disclosed in the announcement of the
            Company dated 15 December 2022.

     (c)    Nanjing Kainite Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (“Nanjing Kainite”) was an associate of Grand Pharm (China). The Company subscribed for
            approximately 29.17% of issued share capital of the Nanjing Kainite on 27 July 2020. Pursuant to an agreement, the Company will inject and
            acquire to 100% equity interest of capital into Nanjing Kainite in phases if the conditions are met, and are accounted for the investment in an
            associate.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s equity interest in Nanjing Kainite increased from 29.17% to 29.27%.

            Subsequent to the reporting period, the Group intended to exercised its right to further acquire equity interest of Nanjing Kainite. Details of
            the event are set out in note 47(a).

            The Group is able to exercise significant influence over Nanjing Kainite because it has the power to appoint two out of the five directors of that
            company under the shareholders agreement.

     (d)    Xudong Haipu is a wholly foreign owned enterprise.

     (e)    These companies are wholly-domestic owned enterprises.


     The above table lists associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors of the Company, principally affected the
     results of the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the group. To give details of other associates would, in
     the opinion of the directors of the Company, result in particulars of excessive length.
162       Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

20. GOODWILL
                                                                                                                       HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2023                                                                                              644,047
      Impairment loss recognised for the year                                                                           (39,136)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                              (16,289)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                         588,622
      Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary (note 38(a))                                                               793,812
      Impairment loss recognised for the year                                                                           (49,073)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                              (33,620)
      As at 31 December 2024                                                                                         1,299,741


      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill
      Goodwill acquired has been allocated for impairment testing purposes to the following cash generating units (“CGU”):

      –       Zhejiang Jianju Xianle Pharmaceutical Company Limited (“Zhejiang Xianle”)

      –       Wuhan Kernel Bio-tech Co., Ltd. (“Wuhan Kernel”)

      –       Hubei Wellness Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Wellness”)

      –       Beijing Rui Yao Technology Limited (“Beijing Rui Yao”)

      –       Beijing Jiu He Pharmaceutical Limited (“Jiu He”)

      –       Tianjin Jingming New Technology Development Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Jingming”)

      –       Xi’an Beilin Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Xi’an Beilin”)

      –       Cangzhou Huachen BioTech Co., Ltd (“Huachen BioTech”)

      –       Beijing Puer Weiye Biotechnology Co., Ltd (“Puer Weiye”)

      –       Hubei Bafeng Pharmaceutical & Chemicals Share Co., Ltd. (“Hubei Bafeng”)

      –       Chongqing Duoputai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Chongqing Duoputai”)

      –       Yuanda Jiuhe (Jiangxi) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.
              (collectively referred to as “Baiji Pharmaceutical”)

      –       Yuanda Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (“Tianjin Tanabe”)
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024          163


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     The Group tests goodwill annually for impairment, or more frequently if there are indications that goodwill might be
     impaired.

     The carrying amount of goodwill (net of accumulated impairment losses) was allocated to CGU as follows:

                                                                                                                      2024                    2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Wuhan Kernel                                                                                                     14,904                  15,409
     Hubei Wellness                                                                                                   21,504                  22,232
     Beijing Rui Yao                                                                                                  22,965                  23,743
     Jiu He                                                                                                          171,158                 176,956
     Tianjin Jingming                                                                                                 19,458                  40,450
     Xi’an Beilin                                                                                                    116,460                 120,405
     Huachen BioTech                                                                                                  27,878                  58,249
     Puer Weiye                                                                                                        9,646                   9,973
     Hubei Bafeng                                                                                                    117,233                 121,205
     Chongqing Duoputai                                                                                              481,796                       –
     Baiji Pharmaceutical                                                                                            103,672                       –
     Tianjin Tanabe                                                                                                  193,067                       –

                                                                                                                  1,299,741                  588,622

     Notes:

     Wuhan Kernel

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 12.3% (2023: 13.8%) that reflects current
     market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0%
     growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the
     recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.
164    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      Hubei Wellness

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 12.5% (2023: 14.6%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Beijing Rui Yao

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 13.7% (2023: 14.6%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Jiu He

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15.0% (2023: 14.6%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
      impairment loss was recognised.

      Tianjin Jingming

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15.5% (2023: 15.5%) that reflects
      current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
      using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
      the recoverable amount is based would cause further impairment loss on goodwill and other assets of Tianjin Jingming.

      The impairment loss was caused by under-performance of the CGU from impact of the market conditions and direct cost control after the
      implementation of lockdown and restriction measures by the PRC local government. The Group’s financial budget was revised to reflect current
      assessment of economic and market conditions.

      With the assistance from an independent valuer, the directors determine the recoverable amount which based on value in use calculation to be lower
      than the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, an impairment loss of goodwill of approximately
      HK$20,052,000 was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2024. No impairment loss of other asset allocated to Tianjin Jingming is considered
      necessary for the year ended 31 December 2024.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
      impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31 December 2023.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024          165


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
     Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     Xi’an Beilin

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14.5% (2023: 14.6%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised.

     Huachen BioTech

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 14.1% (2023: 15.0%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     With the assistance from an independent valuer, the directors determine the recoverable amount which based on value in use calculation to be lower
     than the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill are allocated, an impairment loss of goodwill of approximately HK$29,021,000 was recognised for
     the year ended 31 December 2024. No impairment loss of other asset allocated to Tianjin Jingming is considered necessary for the year ended 31
     December 2024.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised for the year ended 31 December 2023.

     Puer Weiye

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 13.7% (2023: 14.6%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% growth rate per annum (2023: 2.2%). The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
     recognised.

     Hubei Bafeng

     The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
     financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 13.7% (2023: 14.6%) that reflects
     current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated
     using 2.0% (2023: 2.2%) growth rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which
     the recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

     As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill and intangible assets are allocated, no
     impairment loss was recognised.
166    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

20. GOODWILL (Continued)
      Impairment Tests for Cash-generating Units Containing Goodwill (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      Chongqing Duoputai

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 15.2% that reflects current market
      assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0% growth
      rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
      would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Baiji Pharmaceutical

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16.1% that reflects current market
      assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0% growth
      rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
      would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      Tianjin Tanabe

      The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined by reference to the income approach, which is based on discounted cash flow sourced from the
      financial budgets approved by the management covering a 5-year period, and the discount rate of approximately 16.5% that reflects current market
      assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the CGU. Cash flows beyond 5 year period have been extrapolated using 2.0% growth
      rate per annum. The directors believe that any reasonably possible further change in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amount is based
      would not cause the carrying amount of the unit to exceed its recoverable amount.

      As the recoverable amount was calculated to be exceed the carrying amount of CGU to which goodwill is allocated, no impairment loss was
      recognised.

      The other key assumptions used in the value in use calculations for the cash-generating units are as follows:

      Budgeted-revenue-growth                Average revenue growth in the period immediately before the budget period forms a basis of budgeted
                                             revenue growth rate in the following five years forecast. The values assigned to the assumption reflect past
                                             experience and market expectation and are consistent with the directors’ plans for focusing operations in
                                             these markets. Factors for assumption might include national inflation rate, national GDP growth rate, market
                                             demand, technological obsolete, etc. The directors believe that the budgeted revenue growth per year for the
                                             next five years is reasonably achievable.

      Budgeted gross margin                  Average gross margins achieved in the period immediately before the budget period, increased for expected
                                             efficiency improvements. This reflects past experience.
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024                   167


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Group’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                      Place of         Form of               Percentage of effective          Particulars of
                                      incorporation/   business             equity interest and voting        issued/paid-up
     Name                             operation        structure           power held by the Company          capital               Principal activities
                                                                                 2024                2023


     Grand Pharm (China) Co., Ltd.    PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
        (“Grand Pharm (China)”)                           company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB470,000,000         products in the PRC

     Wuhan Wuyao. Pharmaceutical Co. PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.18%              99.18%     Contributed capital   Production and sale of pharmaceutical raw
       Ltd (“Wuhan Wuyao”)                                company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB61,000,000          material and chemicals and export of
                                                                                                                                       self-made products and related
                                                                                                                                       technologies

     Wuhan Grand Hoyo Co., Ltd.       PRC/PRC          Limited liability       97.67%              97.67%     Paid up capital       Manufacture and distribution of amino
       (“Wuhan Grand Hoyo”)                               company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB50,000,000         acid products

     Hubei Grand Fuchi Production and PRC/PRC          Limited liability       89.60%              89.60%     Contributed capital   Pharmaceutical agrochemicals, fine
        sales of and Chemical Company                     company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB38,990,000          chemicals and chemical medicine
        Limited (“Hubei Fuchi”)

     Hubei Grand EBE Bright Eyes      PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Production and sales of ophthalmic gel
        Company Limited (“Hubei Grand                     company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB114,000,000         and eye drops
        EBE”)

     Zhejiang Xianle                  PRC/PRC          Limited liability       67.00%              67.00%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of steroid
                                                          company              (direct)            (direct)     RMB10,000,000          hormones active pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                       ingredients (“APls”) and related
                                                                                                                                       Intermediates

     Wuhan Kernel                     PRC/PRC          Limited liability       91.56%              91.56%     Contributed capital   Research and development, production
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB79,200,000          and sale of bio-pesticides and
                                                                                                                                       additives

     Hubei Wellness                   PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB48,000,000          products in the PRC

     Beijing Rui Yao                  PRC/PRC          Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB23,901,750

     Beijing Huajin Pharmaceutical Co., PRC/PRC        Limited liability       71.88%              71.88%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of pharmaceutical
         Ltd. (“Beijing Huajin”)                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)     RMB7,886,400           products in the PRC
168     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                     Place of          Form of               Percentage of effective          Particulars of
                                     incorporation/    business             equity interest and voting        issued/paid-up
      Name                           operation         structure           power held by the Company          capital               Principal activities
                                                                                 2024                2023


      Jiuhe                          PRC/PRC           Limited liability       96.84%              96.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of capsules,
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB20,000,000         pharmaceutical intermediates, tablets,
                                                                                                                                       granules and soft capsules in the PRC

      Tianjin Jingming               PRC/PRC           Limited liability       73.18%              73.18%     Contributed capital   Research and development, manufacture
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB1,000,000          and sales of ophthalmic medical
                                                                                                                                       devices and disposal surgical product

      Xi’an Beilin                   PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of Chinese
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB27,800,000         medicine and health food product

      Grand Decade                   BVI/BVI           Limited liability         100%                100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                                          company              (direct)            (direct)      HKD78,000

      Tung Yang                      Hong Kong/Hong Limited liability            100%                100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                        Kong           company                 (direct)            (direct)      HKD27,654,100

      Huachen BioTech                PRC/PRC           Limited liability       77.94%              77.94%     Contributed capital   Research and development, sales and
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB100,000,000        technical services of amino acid
                                                                                                                                       products

      East Ocean Medical             Hong Kong/Hong Limited liability            100%                100%     Contributed capital   Investment holding
                                        Kong           company                 (direct)            (direct)      HKD117,000,000

      Puer Weiye                     PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Radioactive Pharmaceutical production
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB18,000,000         and trading of radioactive
                                                                                                                                       pharmaceutical

      Hubei Bafeng                   PRC/PRC           Limited liability       99.84%              99.84%     Contributed capital   Research and development, production
                                                          company            (indirect)          (indirect)      RMB30,000,000         and operation of amino acid APIs and
                                                                                                                                       preparations

      BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.       US/US             Limited liability       87.50%              87.50%     Contributed capital   Research and development, liquid
          (note (i))                                      company            (indirect)          (indirect)      USD12,836,024         embolism


      Lianyungang JARI Pharmaceutical PRC/PRC          Limited liability       78.35%                    –    Contributed capital   Production and sale of pharmaceutical raw
          Co., Ltd. (note (ii))                           company            (indirect)                          RMB100,000,000        material and chemicals and export of
                                                                                                                                       self-made products and related
                                                                                                                                       technologies
                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024                    169


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                        Place of         Form of                   Percentage of effective            Particulars of
                                        incorporation/   business                 equity interest and voting          issued/paid-up
     Name                               operation        structure               power held by the Company            capital               Principal activities
                                                                                        2024              2023


     Chongqing Duoputai (note (iii))    PRC/PRC          Limited liability           89.86%                     –     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of Chinese
                                                            company                (indirect)                            RMB54,200,000         medicine and health food product


     Grand Jiuhe (Jiangxi)              PRC/PRC          Limited liability           96.84%                     –     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of hormonal nasal
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                            company                (indirect)                            RMB28,000,000         spray and related technologies
        (note (iv))

     Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical PRC/PRC          Limited liability           96.84%                     –     Contributed capital   Land holding
         Technology Co., Ltd (note (iv))                    company                (indirect)                            RMB4,000,000


     Grand Pharmaceutical (Tianjin) Co., PRC/PRC         Limited liability           99.84%                     –     Contributed capital   Manufacture and sales of cerebro
        Ltd (note (v))                                      company                (indirect)                            RMB110,533,000        cardiovascular product

     (i)      On 24 April 2023, the Group entered into a share purchase agreement to acquire 87.50% equity interests of BlackSwan Vascular, Inc.
              (“BlackSwan”) at a consideration of approximately USD32,537,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$255,417,000). Upon completion of
              acquisition, the effective equity interest in BlackSwan held by the Group is approximately 87.50%. Details refer to note 38.

     (ii)     On 9 January 2024, the Group acquired 79.22% interest in Lianyungang JARI Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (Lianyungang JARI). Upon completion of
              acquisition, the effective equity interest in Lianyungang JARI held by the Group is approximately 78.35%.

     (iii)    On 20 February 2024, the Group acquired 63.00% interest in Chongqing Duoputai. In additional to the acquisition of 27.00% equity interest in
              Chongqing Duoputai completed in January 2024, which is classified as financial assets at that moment, the Group achieved 90% equity interest
              and has obtained control. Upon completion of the second acquisition, the effective equity interest in Chongqing Duoputai held by the Group
              is approximately 89.86%.

     (iv)     On 13 June 2024, the Group completed an acquisition on 100% interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical (currently known as Grand Jiuhe (Jiangxi)
              Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd) and Jiangxi Baian Baiyu Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity
              interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical held by the Group is approximately 96.84%. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered
              into written put option arrangement with non-controlling interests, pursuant to which the Group will purchase the remaining equity interest
              held by non-controlling interests at a price with predetermined multiples in the third year, along with the completed acquisition of Chongqing
              Duoputai.

     (v)      On 3 July 2024, the Group acquired 100.00% equity interest in Tianjin Tanabe. Upon completion of acquisition, the effective equity interest in
              Tianjin Tanabe held by the Group is approximately 99.84%.


     (b)      Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests

                                       Place of
                                       incorporation/           Proportion of ownership
                                       registration         interests and voting rights held            Profits allocated to                          Accumulated
              Name of Company          and operation          by non-controlling interests            non-controlling interests                  non-controlling interests
                                                                        2024             2023                  2024                 2023               2024                     2023


              Wuhan Grand Hoyo         PRC/PRC                        2.33%             2.33%              5,315                    6,723            21,913                    21,112

              Jiuhe                    PRC/PRC                        3.16%             3.16%             16,644                   15,146            17,611                    16,539

              Wuhan Kernel             PRC/PRC                        8.44%             8.44%              4,348                    4,879            33,956                    31,584

              Summarised financial information in respect of each of the Group’s subsidiaries that has material non-controlling interests is set out below. The
              summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.
170    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

            Wuhan Grand Hoyo and its subsidiaries

                                                                                                                    2024          2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000


             Current assets                                                                                     1,119,466       880,195
             Non-current assets                                                                                   350,596       374,778
             Current liabilities                                                                                 (509,423)     (326,385)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                              (20,059)      (22,505)
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                         918,667       884,971
             Non-controlling interests                                                                             21,913        21,112

            Revenue                                                                                              1,769,250     1,541,877
            Other revenue and income                                                                                32,257        40,908
            Expenses                                                                                            (1,573,402)   (1,294,223)

             Profit for the year                                                                                  228,105       288,562

             Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                         222,790       281,839
             Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                       5,315         6,723

             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                              197,156       267,279

             Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                     192,563       261,051
             Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                   4,593         6,228

             Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                              (3,792)      (2,580)
             Net cash (outflow to)/inflow from operating activities                                                (31,741)     289,728
             Net cash outflow to investing activities                                                               (9,362)     (76,477)
             Net cash inflow from/(outflow to) financing activities
                (exclude dividend paid to non-controlling interests)                                              218,773      (280,401)
             Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                3,540         2,143

             Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                            177,418       (67,587)
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024        171


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

           Wuhan Kernel

                                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


            Current assets                                                                                      279,771            258,595
            Non-current assets                                                                                  337,665            277,583
            Current liabilities                                                                                (199,782)          (141,240)
            Non-current liabilities                                                                             (15,328)           (20,725)
            Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                        368,370            342,629
            Non-controlling interests                                                                            33,956             31,584

            Revenue                                                                                             410,293            321,251
            Other revenue and income                                                                             11,312             14,666
            Expenses                                                                                           (370,088)          (278,113)

            Profit for the year                                                                                 51,517                57,804

            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                        47,169                52,925
            Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                     4,348                 4,879

            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             33,034                48,680

            Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                    30,425                44,571
            Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                 2,609                 4,109

            Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                              (237)                    –
            Net cash (outflow to)/inflow from operating activities                                              (13,322)               91,118
            Net cash outflow to investing activities                                                             (4,486)              (22,926)
            Net cash inflow from/(outflow to) financing activities
               (excluding dividend paid to non-controlling interest)                                                869           (104,049)
            Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                (323)            (1,420)

            Net cash outflow                                                                                    (17,499)              (37,277)
172    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

21. PARTICULAR OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)    Detail of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests (Continued)

            Jiu He

                                                                                                                    2024          2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000


             Current assets                                                                                       654,221       715,292
             Non-current assets                                                                                   363,822       57,294
             Current liabilities                                                                                 (441,644)    (245,326)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                              (19,080)      (3,878)
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                         539,708      506,843
             Non-controlling interests                                                                             17,611       16,539

             Revenue                                                                                            1,642,322     1,348,942
             Other (expense and loss)/revenue and income, net                                                       (1,245)       5,944
             Expenses                                                                                           (1,114,360)    (875,586)

             Profit for the year                                                                                  526,717      479,300

             Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                         510,073      464,154
             Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                      16,644       15,146

             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                              508,318      471,794

             Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                                     492,288      456,885
             Total comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests                                  16,030       14,909

             Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                                                            (14,958)      (4,798)
             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                             77,427      268,006
             Net cash (outflow to)/inflow from investing activities                                               (38,339)       9,923
             Net cash inflow from/(outflow to) financing activities
               (excluding dividend paid to non-controlling interest)                                                  757     (377,135)
             Effect of foreign exchange rate charges                                                                (1,001)     (2,658)

             Net cash inflow/(outflow)                                                                             23,886     (106,662)
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024        173


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                           Patent,
                                                                   trademark and
                                                                       capitalised
                                                 Pharmaceutical      development       Acquired        Customer
                                                    technology                cost   technology     relationship            Total
                                                        HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


     Cost
     As at 1 January 2023                                 7,146           860,283        658,872               –         1,526,301
     Acquisition of assets (note 38)                          –                 –        317,918               –           317,918
     Addition                                                 –                 –            305               –               305
     Exchange realignment                                  (192)          (23,162)       (10,056)              –           (33,410)

     As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024            6,954           837,121        967,039               –         1,811,114
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                 –                 –        451,724          84,637           536,361
     Addition                                                 –             1,021         40,233               –            41,254
     Exchange realignment                                  (228)          (27,450)       (34,419)         (1,629)          (63,726)
     As at 31 December 2024                              6,726           810,692      1,424,577          83,008        2,325,003
     Accumulated amortisation and
        impairment loss
     As at 1 January 2023                                 2,707                 –        125,602               –            128,309
     Provided for the year                                  350                 –         28,737               –             29,087
     Exchange realignment                                   (73)                –         (3,088)              –             (3,161)

     As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024            2,984                 –        151,251               –            154,235
     Provided for the year                                  343                 –         79,125          14,593             94,061
     Exchange realignment                                  (104)                –         (5,636)           (281)            (6,021)
     As at 31 December 2024                              3,223                  –       224,740          14,312          242,275

     Net carrying amounts
     As at 31 December 2024                              3,503           810,692      1,199,837          68,696        2,082,728
     As at 31 December 2023                               3,970           837,121        815,788               –         1,656,879


     The economic useful life of recognised intangible assets are as follows:

     Intangible assets                                                                                     Economic useful life
     Pharmaceutical technology                                                                                           20 years
     Acquired technology                                                                                        5 years–15 years
     Patents, trademarks and capitalised development cost                                                   indefinite useful lives
     Customer relationship                                                                                                 5 years

     The patents and trademarks will expire in the coming five to twenty years and subject to renewal. The directors of the
     Company are not aware of any expected impediment with respect to the renewal of the patents and trademarks and
     consider that the possibility of failing in renewal is remote and the patents and trademarks will generate net cash flows for
     the Group for an indefinite period. Therefore, the patents and trademarks are treated as having an indefinite useful life.
174    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

22. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      The carrying amount of intangible assets were allocated to CGU as follow:

                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


      Jiuhe                                                                                          479,323             495,562
      Tianjin Jingming                                                                                44,922              51,613
      Xi’an Beilin                                                                                   182,098             188,268
      East Ocean                                                                                      38,816              38,816
      Shenming Medical                                                                                 8,502               9,310
      Hubei Bafeng                                                                                    64,310              66,489
      Chongqing Duoputai                                                                             257,618                   –
      Baiji Pharmaceutical                                                                           167,431                   –
      Tianjin Tanabe                                                                                  49,894                   –

                                                                                                   1,292,914             850,058


      For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill, patents, trademarks and customer relationship above have been allocated
      to the acquired cash generating units, details of impairment assessment were set out in note 20. During the years ended 31
      December 2024 and 2023, the management of the Group determined that there was no impairment loss to the intangible
      assets.

23. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS
      The following are the major deferred tax assets recognised and the movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                                                 Allowance
                                                                                              and provision                Total
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2023                                                                             24,585             24,585
      Credited to profit or loss (note 11)                                                              1,138              1,138
      Exchange realignment                                                                               (612)              (612)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                        25,111             25,111
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 38(a))                                                          4,594              4,594
      Credited to profit or loss (note 11)                                                              4,766              4,766
      Exchange realignment                                                                             (1,015)            (1,015)
      As at 31 December 2024                                                                          33,456             33,456


      As at 31 December 2024, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately HK$1,156,968,000 (2023:
      HK$990,058,000) available to offset against future profits. No deferred tax assets have been recognised in respect of the tax
      losses due to the unpredictability of future profit streams.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024             175


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Unlisted equity securities (note a)                                                                                223,643                  334,050
     Listed equity securities (note b)                                                                                   24,081                   23,504

                                                                                                                        247,724                  357,554

     Notes:

     (a)      As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the fair value of the unlisted equity securities was arrived on the basis of valuations carried out by an
              independent professional valuer, details of movements are set out in note 5(b)(vi).

     (b)      As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the fair value of the listed equity securities was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.


25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                          2024                    2023
                                                                                                                        HK$’000                 HK$’000


     Listed equity security in Hong Kong (note (a))                                                                       9,333                   15,333
     Listed equity security in Australia (note (a))                                                                   1,294,065                  586,344
     Investments at fair value (note (b))                                                                               134,262                  170,955
     Convertible loan (note (c))                                                                                        362,301                  361,958

                                                                                                                      1,799,961                1,134,590

     Notes:

     (a)      Fair value was determined with reference to quoted market bid prices.

     (b)      As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s investments mainly included unlisted fund with fair value measured based on valuation carried
              out by independent valuer, details of are set out in note 5(b)(vi) and wealth management products with fair values determined by reference to
              the quoted market bid prices available on the relevant PRC market.

     (c)      On 22 August 2023, the Group entered into a convertible loan agreement with Grand Pharma Sphere to make available a convertible loan to
              Grand Pharma Sphere at an aggregate principal amount of US$48,340,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$386,485,000) with drawndown
              date on 22 August 2023 and maturity date on 22 August 2024. The convertible loan bears interest of 7.4% per annum and could be converted
              into ordinary shares of Grand Pharma Sphere with its accrued interest and principal, subject to conditions. For details, please refer to
              announcement dated on 21 August 2023.

              During the year ended 31 December 2024, the convertible loan has been extended to 30 June 2025.

              Details of fair value measurement are set out in note 5(b)(vi).
176     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

26. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                                                       266,429                 259,954
      Work-in-progress                                                                                                    351,240                 427,952
      Finished goods                                                                                                      752,913                 700,743

                                                                                                                       1,370,582                1,388,649


27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                  HK$’000


      Trade receivables, net                                                                                           1,156,903                  958,261
      Bills receivables                                                                                                1,426,011                1,057,238
      Deposits and prepayments                                                                                         1,661,873                1,641,560
      Other tax receivables                                                                                              136,237                   73,782
      Other receivables, net                                                                                             144,105                  182,397

                                                                                                                       4,525,129                3,913,238
      Less: non-current portion of prepayments                                                                        (1,070,540)                (845,179)

                                                                                                                       3,454,589                3,068,059

      Notes:

      (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, prepayments amounted to approximately HK$1,217,166,000 (2023: HK$1,010,804,000) which mainly
               comprised of the prepayment for the acquisition of technical know-how. The prepayments mainly paid to certain third-party pharmaceutical
               institutes mainly located in the PRC, Australia, Canada, Germany, Denmark and India (2023: PRC, Australia, Canada, Germany, Denmark and
               India) for the acquisition of certain technical knowhow for certain medication pursuant to agreements entered into between the Group and
               those pharmaceutical institutes.

               Specially, as at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the prepayment mainly comprise of the followings:

               (i)     The Group had prepaid of approximately USD25,000,000 (2023: USD25,000,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$195,000,000 (2023:
                       HK$195,000,000)) to Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited related to the milestones payments pursuant to the licensing agreement. Details of
                       which are stated in the Company published announcement dated 1 November 2020.

               (ii)    The Group had prepaid of approximately EUR27,750,000 (2023: EUR27,750,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$231,373,000 (2023:
                       HK$239,212,000) to ITM Isotope Technologies Munich SE related to the milestones payments of acquisition and license of certain
                       technical know-how. Details of which are stated in the Company published announcement dated 27 December 2021.

               (iii)   The Group had prepaid of approximately EUR10,000,000 (2023: EUR10,000,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$80,404,000 (2023:
                       HK$83,843,000)) to InnovHeart S.r.l. related to the upfront payments of acquisition of certain technical know-how for the year ended 31
                       December 2024 and 2023.

               (iv)    The Group had prepaid of approximately USD8,579,000 (2023: USD5,492,000) (equivalent to approximately HK$66,644,000 (2023:
                       HK$42,884,000)) to Conavi Medical Inc. related to the milestones payments of acquisition of certain technical know-how.

               (v)     The Group had prepaid of approximately RMB75,000,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$82,520,000) to Chongqing Duoputai
                       Pharmaceutical Co., LTD. related to the acquisition of equity interest for the year ended 31 December 2023. Details of which are stated
                       in the Company published announcement dated 12 December 2023.

               (vi)    the Group had prepaid of approximately HK$ 115,640,000 to LianBio Development (HK) Limited and Tarsus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                       (“Tarsus”) for acquiring the exclusive development, production and commercialization rights after fulfilling certain condition.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      177


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
     The Group generally allows a credit period of 30-180 days (2023: 30-180 days) to its trade customers. The Group does not
     hold any collaterals over the trade and other receivables. The following is an aging analysis of trade receivables presented
     based on the invoice date at the reporting date.

                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000


     Trade receivables                                                                           1,307,914            1,061,646
     Less: allowance for ECL                                                                      (151,011)            (103,385)

     Total trade receivables                                                                     1,156,903             958,261


     The ageing analysis of the trade receivables is as follows:

                                                                                                     2024                2023
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000


     Within 90 days                                                                                974,187             753,866
     91–180 days                                                                                   136,143             157,602
     181–365 days                                                                                   46,573              46,793

                                                                                                 1,156,903             958,261


     As of 1 January 2023, the carrying amount of trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to
     HK$1,093,854,000.

     The bills receivables were all with maturity within 180 days from the reporting date.
178    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000


      Other receivables                                                                                191,383         225,771
      Less: allowance for ECL                                                                          (47,278)        (43,374)

      Total other receivables                                                                          144,105         182,397


      Allowance for ECL in respect of trade and other receivables are recorded using an allowance account unless the Group is
      satisfied that recovery of the amount is remote, in which case the impairment loss is written off against trade and other
      receivable balances directly.

      The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancement over its trade and other receivables balances. Trade and
      other receivables are non-interest bearing.

      Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in note 5(b)(iv).

28. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000


      Cash at banks                                                                                   1,340,979       1,339,708


      At the end of the reporting period, cash and cash equivalents comprise of the followings:

                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000


      HK$                                                                                                   973           5,058
      USD                                                                                               150,335          57,165
      Australian dollars (the “AUD”)                                                                      2,138           2,934
      Euro dollars (the “EUR”)                                                                            6,004           3,040
      RMB                                                                                             1,181,486       1,271,511
      Others                                                                                                 43               –

                                                                                                      1,340,979       1,339,708


      As at 31 December 2024, included in pledged bank deposits of approximately HK$nil (2023: HK$3,389,000) are pledged as
      collateral for bills payables.

      As at 31 December 2024, the annual effective interest rate on pledged bank deposits is nil% (2023: 1.13%).

      The remittance of cash and cash equivalents denominated in RMB out of the PRC is subject to the foreign exchange control
      restrictions imposed by the government of the PRC.
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024            179


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Trade payables                                                                                                         640,885                   720,063
     Bills payables                                                                                                         576,475                   610,348
     Accruals and other payables (note (i), (ii) and (iii))                                                               1,613,513                 1,427,233
     Other tax payables                                                                                                      97,214                    72,053
                                                                                                                          2,928,087                 2,829,697

     Note:

     (i)      Included in accruals and other payables, a contingent consideration payable of approximately HK$118,013,000 arising from share purchase
              agreement to acquire 87.5% equity interests of BlackSwan Vascular, Inc at the acquisition date. The contingent consideration is payable based
              on the achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets. The contingent consideration payable was recognised initially with
              reference to management’s best estimates of future revenue projections, and probabilities of achieving the specified targets. As at 31
              December 2024, the contingent consideration payables to the original shareholders of BlackSwan Vascular, Inc based on the assumption of
              achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets was recognised at approximately HK$41,307,000 in aggregate. (2023:
              HK$77,953,000).

     (ii)     Included in accruals and other payables, a contingent consideration payable of approximately HK$71,666,000 arising from share purchase
              agreement to acquire 100.0% equity interests of Baiji Pharmaceutical at the acquisition date. The contingent consideration is payable based on
              the achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets. The contingent consideration payable was recognised initially with reference
              to management’s best estimates of future revenue projections, and probabilities of achieving the specified targets and revenue. As at 31
              December 2024, the contingent consideration payables to the original shareholders of Baiji Pharmaceutical based on the assumption of
              achievement of certain revenue targets and approval targets was recognised at approximately HK$76,705,000 in aggregate.

     (iii)    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into put option arrangement with non-controlling interests, pursuant to
              which the Group will purchase the remaining equity interest in a subsidiary held by non-controlling interests at a price, either RMB75,000,000
              or 10% of amount calculated at 10.7 times of net profits of acquired subsidiary for preceding full year, in the third year, along with the
              completed acquisition of subsidiary. The difference between carrying amount of non-controlling interests that reclassified to liability and fair
              value of written put option liability is also recognised in the other reserve.


     The following is an aged analysis of trade payables presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Within 90 days                                                                                                         387,730                   361,607
     Over 90 days                                                                                                           253,155                   358,456
                                                                                                                            640,885                   720,063


     The average credit period on purchases of goods is 90 days.

     The bills payables are mature within 180 days from the end of the reporting period.

30. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                                              2024                     2023
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Amount received in advance in relation to sales of pharmaceutical products (note)                                      242,719                   198,173

     Notes:

     (a)      As at 1 January 2023, contract liabilities amounted to approximately HK$318,824,000.

     (b)      Contract liabilities in relation to sales of finished goods are expected to be settled within one year. The entire amount of contract liabilities as
              at 1 January 2024 was all recognised as revenue during current year.
180     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

31. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


      Bank borrowings (secured) (note i)                                                           3,288,986            2,588,654
      Bank borrowings (unsecured) (note i)                                                         1,070,170              695,862
      Other borrowings (unsecured) (note ii)                                                          24,471               23,498
                                                                                                   4,383,627            3,308,014

      Carrying amount repayable:
      On demand or within one year                                                                 3,127,347            2,317,986
      More than one year but not exceeding two years                                                 927,438              451,636
      More than two years but not more than five years                                               197,305              538,392
      More than five years                                                                           131,537                    –
                                                                                                   4,383,627            3,308,014
      Less: non-current portion                                                                    (1,256,280)           (990,028)
      Current portion                                                                              3,127,347            2,317,986


      (i)   As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, certain bank loans are guaranteed by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation, a
            related company with common controlling shareholder of the Company, and secured by the plant and machinery,
            buildings, right-of– use assets, interests in subsidiaries and pledged bank deposits of the Group in the PRC as detailed
            in note 41.

            On 1 September 2023, the Group has borrowed secured bank borrowing of HK$791,000,000 that were charged at
            variable interest rate of 0.65% plus HIBOR for first six months and 1.65% plus HIBOR for next six months. The bank
            borrowing was fully settled during the year ended 31 December 2024.

            On 31 January 2024, the Group has borrowed a secured bank borrowing of HK$800,000,000 that was charged at
            variable interest rate of 1.35% plus HIBOR.

            Except above, remaining bank borrowings of the Group are denominated in RMB.

            As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the bank loans are granted by banks in the PRC and Hong Kong.

            Except for the bank loans of approximately HK$1,991,669,000 (2023: HK$642,004,000) that were charged at fixed
            interest rate 2.20% to 4.98% (2023: 2.38% to 4.98%) per annum, all other bank loans bear variable interest rates from
            2.45% to 5.58% (2023: 2.65% to 7.07%) per annum.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024       181


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

31. BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)
     (ii)   On 24 April 2023, the Group entered into an share purchase agreement to acquire 87.5% equity interests of BlackSwan
            Vascular, Inc. Upon completion of the acquisition, the Group recognised the other borrowings of approximately
            USD2,096,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$16,450,000) with principle of USD2,000,000 charged at fixed interest
            rate 5% per annum. During the year ended 31 December 2023, BlackSwan Vascular, Inc. has raised other borrowings of
            approximately USD813,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$6,366,000) charged at fixed interest rate of 5% per annum.
            As at 31 December 2024, the other borrowing of approximately USD3,150,000 (equivalents to approximately
            HK$24,471,000) (2023: USD3,009,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$23,498,000)), in aggregate of principal and
            accrued interest, remained outstanding. The other borrowings are unsecured.

32. LEASE LIABILITIES
     The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities at the current reporting periods
     and at the date of transition of HKFRS 16:

                                                                     As at                                    As at
                                                              31 December 2024                         31 December 2023
                                                              Present                                  Present
                                                          value of the          Total              value of the           Total
                                                            minimum         minimum                  minimum          minimum
                                                                 lease          lease                     lease           lease
                                                            payments       payments                  payments         payments
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000                   HK$’000          HK$’000


     Within 1 year                                              18,315              20,986               34,611             39,395

     After 1 year but within 2 years                             8,510              10,493               18,305             21,180
     After 2 years but within 5 years                           21,947              25,400               23,915             29,058
     After 5 years                                              10,147              10,561               19,394             21,599

                                                                40,604              46,454               61,614             71,837

                                                                58,919              67,440               96,225            111,232

     Less: total future interest expenses                                           (8,521)                                 (15,007)

     Present value of lease obligations                                             58,919                                  96,225


                                                                                                       As at                As at
                                                                                                31 December          31 December
                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000


     Current liabilities                                                                                18,315              34,611
     Non-current liabilities                                                                            40,604              61,614

                                                                                                        58,919              96,225


     The carrying amount of the lease liabilities approximate their fair value. As at 31 December 2024, the Group leased right-of-
     use assets under lease liabilities with net book value approximately HK$53,699,000 (2023: HK$91,204,000).
182     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

33. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
      Details of amounts due from related companies are as follows:

      Name of related companies (note (a)):                                                                          2024                   2023
                                                                                                                   HK$’000                HK$’000


      Amounts due from related companies under common control
         of members/shareholder of the Group
      Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd.                                                                         7,879                 31,016
      Jiangsu Grand Xinyi Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                              8,339                  8,621
      Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd                                                                                       40,560                 10,900
      Guangdong Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                            1,254                    836
      Shenyang Yaoda Leiyunshang Pharmaceutical Company Limited                                                         172                     36
      Henan Grand Bio-Pharm.Co., Ltd                                                                                    161                    157
      Beijing Yanhuang Property Co., Ltd                                                                                270                      –
      Hubei Meiqi Health Technology Co., Ltd                                                                            270                      –
      China Grand Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                       829                    944
      Beijing Haiwan Banshan Hotel Management Co., Ltd.                                                                  16                     16
      Hangzhou Zhongmei Huadong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                  –                    289
      Jiangsu Jiuyang Biopharmaceuticals Co., Ltd.                                                                      164                     70
      Xi’an Yuanda Detian Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                                                                      596                  1,068
      Beijing Yuanda Chuangxin Property Management Co., Ltd                                                             101                      –
      Lys Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd                                                                                       161                      –
      Xi’an Yuanda Science and Technology Innovation Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd                                 129                      –
      East China Medicine Wenzhou Co., Ltd                                                                              336                      –

                                                                                                                     61,237                 53,953
      Less: allowance for ECL                                                                                        (1,826)                (1,486)

                                                                                                                     59,411                 52,467

      Note:

      (a)     The name of related companies are English translation of Chinese name or words which included for identification purpose only and should
              not be regarded as the official English name or official translation of such Chinese name or words.


      Details of impairment assessment as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are set out in note 5(b)(iv).

      The Group had policy regarding impairment losses on amounts due from related parties which was based on the evaluation
      of collectability and on the management’s judgement including the current creditworthiness and the past collection history
      of each related party.

      Members of the shareholder of the Group have controlling interests over the related companies.

      The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest-free and recoverable/repayable on demand.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         183


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

34. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
     The followings are the major deferred tax liabilities recognised and movements thereof during the current and prior years:

                                                                               Property,
                                                                               plant and
                                                                             equipment
                                                                                     and
                                                           Intangible       right-of-use        Investment
                                                               assets             assets         properties               Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000


     As at 1 January 2023                                      150,079             51,583             18,486             220,148
     Charged to profit or loss (Note 11)                             –              6,649                883               7,532
     Exchange realignment                                       (4,121)            (1,430)              (503)             (6,054)

     As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                 145,958             56,802             18,866             221,626
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 38(a))                   74,530             19,193                  –              93,723
     Charged to profit or loss (Note 11)                             –             (6,956)               826              (6,130)
     Exchange realignment                                       (6,236)            (1,998)              (634)             (8,868)
     As at 31 December 2024                                  214,252              67,041             19,058            300,351


     Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by the PRC
     subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the consolidated financial
     statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries amounting to
     approximately HK$9,868,378,000 (2023: approximately HK$9,482,551,000) and the estimated tax liabilities of approximately
     HK$493,419,000 (2023: approximately HK$474,128,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
     temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.

35. AMOUNT DUE TO THE IMMEDIATE HOLDING COMPANY
     The amount is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
184     Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

36. DEFERRED INCOME
      The movement of deferred income is set out below:

                                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                                        265,281
      Compensation received during the year (note (c))                                                                                              2,103
      Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (18,393)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                         (8,886)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                                                   240,105
      Compensation received during the year (note (c), (g), (h) and (i))                                                                           88,627
      Credit to profit or loss                                                                                                                    (22,229)
      Exchange realignment                                                                                                                        (11,134)
      As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                                     295,369

      Notes:

      (a)      On 5 February 2010, Grand Pharm (China) received a notice from Wuhan Municipal Government requesting it to relocate its existing
               production facilities to other places. According to the required land resumption procedures, Grand Pharm (China) submitted to the relevant
               municipal authorities an application for resumption of state-owned land use rights on 10 November 2010. Pursuant to the submission by
               Grand Pharm (China), the Land Reserve Centre had agreed to resume the land and buildings, structure and attachments (including immovable
               plant and equipment) located thereon and thereunder at the place where the production facilities of Grand Pharm (China) are situated (the
               “PRC Property”).

               On 25 November 2010, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with the Land Reserve Centre (the “Agreement”) which provides for
               detailed provisions as to Grand Pharm (China)’s agreement to surrender the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre and to relocate its
               production facilities to other locations and the Land Reserve Centre’s agreement to compensate for the resumption of the PRC Property and
               the relocation of the production facilities by Grand Pharm (China) (the “Relocation”). The compensation, as mutually agreed between Grand
               Pharm (China) and the Land Reserve Centre, amounts to RMB855,000,000 (the “Compensation”) and will be settled by instalments in the way
               as further detailed below.

               Pursuant to the Agreement, the Compensation for the Relocation of RMB855,000,000 is comprising (i) a relocation commencement fee of
               RMB100,000,000; (ii) compensation for loss of profits of RMB85,500,000; and (iii) other compensation of RMB669,500,000, which shall be payable
               by the Land Reserve Centre to Grand Pharm (China) as follows:

               (i)    RMB171,000,000, which includes the relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000),
                      is payable within 30 working days from the effective date of the Agreement (the “First Instalment”). This amount was received by Grand
                      Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which includes the
                      procurement and provision of documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The remaining amount of RMB71,000,000
                      (equivalent to approximately HK$83,529,000) was also received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31 December 2010.

               (ii)   RMB85,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$105,329,000), is payable within 30 working days upon completion of the
                      responsibilities of Grand Pharm (China) as stated in Clauses 11(1)(i) and (ii) of the Agreement, which include, among other things, the
                      surrender of all relevant documents in respect of the PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre for deregistering the title to land within
                      15 days after the effective date of the Agreement, and the commencement of the relocation plan and construction of production
                      facilities at the new location(s) (the “Second Payment”). This amount was received by Grand Pharm (China) during the year ended 31
                      December 2011.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024           185


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

36. DEFERRED INCOME(Continued)
     Notes: (Continued)

     (a)   (Continued)

            (iii)   RMB427,500,000, being 50% of the Compensation, is payable commencing from the completion of the Second Payment, by semiannual
                    instalments of RMB85,500,000 each, and shall pay within 30 days of the last month of each instalment period until completion of the
                    payment for the last instalment or until completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of the PRC Property to the Land
                    Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) (in which case the instalment payments will be consolidated or accelerated), whichever is
                    earlier. During the year ended 31 December 2011 and 2013, RMB85,500,000 and RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
                    HK$105,330,000 and HK$357,580,000) were received by Grand Pharm (China) respectively. During the year ended 31 December 2014,
                    RMB58,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$73,629,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

            (iv)    the last instalment of RMB171,000,000 is payable within 30 days upon completion of relocation and delivery of vacant possession of the
                    PRC Property to the Land Reserve Centre by Grand Pharm (China) and the receipt of all title documents in respect of the PRC Property
                    by the Land Reserve Centre from Grand Pharm (China). During the year ended 31 December 2014, RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to
                    approximately HK$215,219,000) was received by Grand Pharm (China).

            The Compensation received or which becomes receivable is initially recognised as deferred income and subsequently recognised as income in
            profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the Compensation
            is intended to compensate. The Compensation which is intended for expenses of losses already incurred or for the purpose of giving
            immediate financial support to the entity with no future related costs is recognised in profit or loss of the period in which it is received or
            becomes receivable.

            The relocation commencement fee of RMB100,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,943,000), being part of the First Instalment, was
            received by Grand Pharm (China) upon the fulfillment of certain conditions by the Group, which included the procurement and provision of
            documents necessary for the initiation of the Relocation. The relocation commencement fee was recognised in the profit for the year ended
            31 December 2010 upon the fulfillment of the aforesaid conditions by the Group.

            The remaining part of the Compensation of RMB755,000,000 is intended to compensate the Group for (i) loss of profit as to the amount of
            RMB85,500,000 and (ii) the cost of removing the production facilities, the cost of establishing new production facilities in other places and the
            estimated future appreciation in value of the land as included in the PRC Property and other related expenses. The Compensation related to
            depreciable assets is recognised in profit or loss over the periods and in the proportion in which depreciation expense on those assets is
            recognised. The Compensation related to the loss of profits and expenses of removing the production facilities is recognised in profit or loss in
            the same period as the recognition of the relevant loss or expenses. In the event that the relevant loss or expenses are unable to be identified,
            the recognition of the related part of the Compensation to profit or loss will be deferred until the completion of the Relocation. During the
            years ended 31 December 2010 and 2011, the Group has received part of the Compensation of RMB71,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$83,529,000) and RMB171,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$210,659,000) respectively. During the years ended 31 December 2012,
            the Group did not receive any Compensation. During the years ended 31 December 2013 and 2014, the Group has received part of
            Compensation of RMB283,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$357,580,000) and RMB229,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$288,848,000) respectively.

            During the year ended 31 December 2020, Wuhan Wuyao received one of the construction completion reports to verify partially the
            completion of the Relocation. Therefore, the Group recognised approximately RMB20,464,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$22,994,000)
            related to depreciable assets over their useful life and approximately RMB101,910,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$114,509,000) in regards
            to relevant loss or expenses which were unable to identified and deferred until completion of the Relocation.

     (b)    Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for detailed provisions as to promote
            economic development of Xiantao and expand its operation scale.

            During the year ended 31 December 2021, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and
            Information Technology which provides subsidies for operational expansion. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Kernel
            and Xiantao Municipal Bureau of Economy and Information Technology, amounts to RMB5,800,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$6,987,000). The expansion was finished during the year then ended and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval
            from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2021 over five years.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, Wuhan Kernel entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides
            for research and development expenditure allowance, amounts to RMB900,000 (equivalents to HK$1,048,000). The Company achieve all
            consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.
186         Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

36. DEFERRED INCOME(Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (c)       On 20 September 2019, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for land bidding.
                The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Wuyao and The People’s Government of Xiantao, amounts to RMB12,111,000
                (equivalent to approximately HK$13,608,000). The acquisition of land right use was finished at 29 May 2020, the Company achieve the
                consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was recognised in the statement of profit or loss started
                from 31 December 2020 over useful lives of the land right use.

                During the year ended 31 December 2023, Wuhan Wuyao entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Wuhan which
                provides for cultivate talents allowance, amounts to RMB1,900,000 (equivalents to HK$2,103,000). The Company achieve all consideration and
                obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

                During the year ended 31 December 2024, Wuhan Wuyao has applied for cultivate talents scheme issued by The People’s Government of
                Wuhan which provides allowance for the corporate to employee the highly educated staffs. The application is approved and the amount of
                RMB1,000,000 (equivalents to approximately HK$1,085,000) was received. The allowance was recognised in the statement of profit or loss over
                3-year period, which is the basic employment period of the scheme.

      (d)       On 15 July 2021, Hubei Wellness entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Xiantao which provides for research and
                development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB2,500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,011,000). As at 31 December 2021 and
                2022, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government.

      (e)       During the year ended 31 December 2022, Wuhan Grand Hoyo entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Wuhan which
                provides for plant and equipment bidding. The compensation, as mutually agreed between Wuhan Grand Hoyo and The People’s Government
                of Wuhan, amounts to RMB15,664,500 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,237,000). The acquisition of plant and equipment was completed
                during the year and the Company achieve the consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The compensation was
                recognised in the statement of profit or loss started from 31 December 2022 over useful lives of the plant and equipment.

      (f)       During the year ended 31 December 2022, Nanjing AuroRNA Biotech Co., Ltd. entered into an agreement with Nanjing Biotech and
                Pharmaceutical Valley which provides for research and development expenditure allowance, amounting to RMB500,000 (equivalent to
                approximately HK$582,000). As at 31 December 2022, the Company did not achieve all consideration and obtain the approval from Nanjing
                Biotech and Pharmaceutical Valley.

      (g)       On 8 August 2023, Grand Pharm (China) entered into an agreement with The People’s Government of Yangxin which provides allowances for
                land bidding and plant development. Upon the topping out of the main structure of Yongsheng Preparation Factory of Grand Pharmaceutical
                during the year, the allowances, as mutually agreed and calculated based on the scale of the agreement, amounted to approximately
                RMB51,032,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$55,375,000) was received. The allowance will be recognised in the statement of profit or loss
                over useful lives of the plant and building.

      (h)       During the year ended 31 December 2024, Grand Pharm (China) ‘s application for allowance of capital expenditure specified for small-category
                drugs has been accepted by The People’s Government of Wuhan. The allowance, as mutually agreed between Grand Pharm (China) and The
                People’s Government of Wuhan, amounted to RMB25,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$27,127,000) was received. The Company
                achieve the consideration and obtain the approval from the PRC Government. The allowance was recognised in the statement of profit or loss
                over useful lives of the related plant and equipment.

      (i)       On 9 November 2022, Chengdu Purevalley Medical Technology Co., Ltd, an indirect subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement
                with The People’s Government of Chengdu which provides allowances for development of radiopharmaceutical center in Wenjiang. Upon the
                topping out of the main structure of the production base during the year, the allowance, as mutually agreed based on the scale of the
                agreement, amounted to approximately RMB4,645,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$5,040,000) was received. The allowance will be
                recognised in the statement of profit or loss over useful lives of the plant and building.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024          187


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

37. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                        Number of shares at                              Share capital at
                                                                  31 December             31 December           31 December             31 December
                                                                         2024                    2023                  2024                    2023
                                                                          ‘000                    ‘000              HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Authorized
     Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each                               100,000,000              100,000,000             1,000,000                1,000,000

     Issued and fully paid
     At 1 January, 31 December 2023,
        1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                            3,549,571               3,549,571                35,496                  35,496

     Notes:

     (a)      As at 31 December 2024, the Company, through a trust, held 47,761,500 (2023: 47,761,500) shares in treasury for the purpose of a share award
              scheme. The fair value of the purchased shares was deducted from equity as “Treasury shares reserve” for an amount of approximately
              HK$268,503,000 (2023: HK$268,503,000).


38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES
     (a)      Business Combination
              (i)    On 9 January 2024, the Group acquired an 79.22% interest in Lianyungang JARI. Lianyungang JARI is principally
                     engaged in the production and sales of pharmaceutical raw materials and was acquired with the objective of
                     expanding and enriching the Group’s product portfolio. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of
                     business using the acquisition method.

                     Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                                             HK$’000


                     Cash                                                                                                                    121,940


                     Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$53,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                     transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “administrative expenses”
                     line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
188    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (i)   (Continued)

                  Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                         98,931
                  Right-of-use assets                                                                                   22,219
                  Intangible assets                                                                                     10,959
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                    4,594
                  Prepayment                                                                                             4,217
                  Inventories                                                                                           43,351
                  Trade and other receivables                                                                           15,660
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              8,856
                  Trade and other payable                                                                              (56,078)
                  Contract liabilities                                                                                  (3,619)
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                              (6,724)


                  Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                              142,366


                  Non-controlling interests

                  The non-controlling interests (20.78%) in Lianyungang JARI recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                  reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net liabilities of Lianyungang JARI., including a
                  debt assigned to the Group, which are intra-group balances eliminated in the consolidated level, resulting in
                  non-controlling share of negative balance.

                  Gain on bargain purchase arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Consideration transferred                                                                           121,940
                  Plus: non-controlling interests (20.78% in Lianyungang JARI)                                        (33,788)
                  Less: recognized amounts of net assets acquired                                                    (142,366)


                  Gain on bargain purchase                                                                             (54,214)
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024      189


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (i)    (Continued)

                  Bargain purchase gain amounting to approximately HK$54,214,000 on acquisition of Lianyungang JARI, after
                  reassessment, is recognised in profit or loss within the “Other income, gains and losses, net” line item in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. The business combination results in a
                  gain on bargain purchase because the identifiable net assets of Lianyungang JARI acquired was approximately of
                  HK$176,154,000 (after non-controlling interest share portion), while the Group acquired Lianyungang JARI by
                  cash consideration of approximately of RMB112,378,000, which is approximately HK$121,940,000.

                  Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Consideration paid in cash                                                                         (121,940)
                  Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                      8,856


                                                                                                                     (113,084)


                  Since the acquisition, Lianyungang JARI contributed approximately HK$97,676,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                  loss of approximately HK$42,412,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.

           (ii)   On 20 February 2024, the Group acquired 63.00% interest in Chongqing Duoputai at cash consideration of
                  RMB442,260,000(equivalent to approximately HK$479,895,000). In additional to the acquisition of 27% equity
                  interest in Chongqing Duoputai completed in January 2024, which is classified as financial assets at that
                  moment, the Group achieved 90% equity interest of the target company and has obtained control. Chongqing
                  Duoputai is principally engaged in the production and sales of its core products, Maixuekang Capsules and
                  Maixuekang Enteric-coated Tablets and was acquired with the objective of expanding the Group’s business in
                  field of ENT segment. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition
                  method.

                  Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Cash                                                                                                479,894


                  Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$506,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                  transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “Administrative expenses”
                  line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
190    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (ii)   (Continued)

                   Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                             2,475
                   Intangible assets                                                                                       295,146
                   Inventories                                                                                               2,652
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                               3,274
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1,369
                   Trade and other payable                                                                                 (52,914)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                (36,099)


                   Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                  215,903


                   Non-controlling interests

                   The non-controlling interests (10%) in Chongqing Duoputai recognised at the acquisition date was measured by
                   reference to the proportionate share of recognised amounts of net assets of Chongqing Duoputai and
                   amounted to approximately HK$21,590,000.

                   Previously held interest in Chongqing Duoputai

                   The fair value of 27% equity interest in Chongqing Duoputai in relation to the First Acquisition and the fair value
                   of previously held interest in Chongqing Duoputai upon the Second Acquisition were estimated based on
                   observable contract price.

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition:

                                                                                                                            2024
                                                                                                                          HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                               479,894
                   Plus: previously acquired interest (27% in Chongqing Duoputai)                                          205,669
                   Plus: non-controlling interests (10% in Chongqing Duoputai)                                              21,590
                   Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                        (215,903)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                         491,250
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024      191


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (ii)    (Continued)

                   Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Chongqing Duoputai because the acquisition included the assembled
                   workforce of Chongqing Duoputai distribution channel, and some potential contracts which are still under
                   negotiation with prospective new customers as at the date of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised
                   separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                             2024
                                                                                                                           HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                              (479,894)
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                           1,369


                                                                                                                           (478,525)


                   Since the acquisition, Chongqing Duoputai contributed approximately HK$456,731,000 to the Group’s revenue
                   and profit of approximately HK$61,540,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.

                   As part of the sales and purchase agreement between the Group and the vendor, the Group entered into a
                   written put option arrangement with the vendor, which is also the non-controlling interest of Chongqing
                   Duoputai. Pursuant to which the vendor will be able to require the Group to further acquire the remaining
                   equity interest of 10% in Chongqing Duoputai from the vendor in the third year. The exercise price shall be
                   determined at either RMB75,000,000 or 10% of amount calculated at 10.7 times of net profits of Chongqing
                   Duoputai in the fiscal year prior to the transaction, whichever is higher.

                   The Group applied the partial recognition of NCI method for its put option, of which the profit for the year
                   shared by the NCI shareholders in relation to the portion of the put option is recorded as a liability in “Trade and
                   other payables” in the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024.

           (iii)   On 13 June 2024, the Group completed an acquisition on 100% interest in Baiji Pharmaceutical. Baiji
                   Pharmaceutical is principally engaged in the R&D and production of hormonal nasal spray preparations and was
                   acquired with the objective of expanding the Group’s business in respiratory and critical and severe disease
                   segment. The acquisition has been accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.
192    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (iii)   (Continued)

                    Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                                             HK$’000


                    Cash (note a)                                                                                                            140,957
                    Contingent consideration arrangement (note b)                                                                             71,666


                                                                                                                                             212,623

                    Note:

                    (a)     Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, consideration transferred at the gross consideration of RMB260,000,000, with
                            adjustments to consideration including certain liabilities in Baiji Pharmaceutical and loan advance paid to Nanchang Baiji for
                            acquisition of its subsidiary.

                    (b)     Pursuant to the share purchase agreement, the Group is required to pay an additional variable amount depending on the
                            approval status and sales performance of certain products. The contingent consideration payable was recognised initially with
                            reference to management’s best estimates of future revenue projections, and probabilities of achieving the specified targets
                            and revenue. Approximately HK$71,666,000 represents the estimated fair value of this obligation. The fair value of such
                            contingent arrangement amounted to HK$76,705,000 as at the end of the reporting period and has been included in Trade and
                            other payables on the consolidated statement of financial position.


                    Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$298,000 have been excluded from the consideration
                    transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “ Administrative expenses”
                    line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                    Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                                                             HK$’000


                    Property, plant and equipment                                                                                             16,332
                    Right-of-use assets                                                                                                        2,818
                    Intangible assets                                                                                                        175,915
                    Prepayment                                                                                                                31,208
                    Inventories                                                                                                                3,366
                    Trade and other receivables                                                                                                4,613
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                                    759
                    Trade and other payable                                                                                                 (102,532)
                    Bank Borrowing                                                                                                            (8,138)
                    Contract liabilities                                                                                                      (1,199)
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                 (16,225)


                    Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                                   106,917
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024     193


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (iii)   (Continued)

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                            212,623
                   Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                     (106,917)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                      105,706


                   Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Baiji Pharmaceutical because the acquisition included the assembled
                   workforce of Baiji Pharmaceutical and potential synergy effect of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised
                   separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                   Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                          (140,957)
                   Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                         759


                                                                                                                       (140,198)


                   Since the acquisition, Baiji Pharmaceutical contributed approximately HK$2,123,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                   loss of approximately HK$12,800,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.

           (iv)    On 3 July 2024, the Group acquired 100.00% equity interest in Tianjin Tanabe. Tianjin Tanabe is principally
                   engaged in the production and sales of high-quality original drugs in the fields of cerebrocardiovascular,
                   endocrine metabolism, gastrointestinal and other chronic diseases and was acquired with the objective of
                   expanding the Group’s business in cerebro-cardiovascular emergency segment. The acquisition has been
                   accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.
194    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
            (iv)   (Continued)

                   Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                   Cash (note)                                                                                                         527,152

                   Note:    The consideration was denominated in JPY and settled in RMB at approximately RMB486 million which was translated by the
                           exchange rate on the payment date.


                   Acquisition-related costs amounting to HK$447,000 have been excluded from the consideration transferred and
                   have been recognised as an expense in the current year, within the “Administrative expenses” line item in the
                   consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                   Fair value of assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                                       122,232
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                                                  45,143
                   Intangible assets                                                                                                    54,341
                   Inventories                                                                                                         103,508
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                                          34,762
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                            80,342
                   Trade and other payable                                                                                             (75,357)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                            (34,675)


                   Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                              330,296


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                                           527,152
                   Less: recognised amounts of net assets acquired                                                                    (330,296)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                                     196,856
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    195


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
     (a)   Business Combination (Continued)
           (iv)   (Continued)

                  Goodwill arose on the acquisition of Tianjin Tanabe because the acquisition included the assembled workforce
                  of Tianjin Tanabe and potential synergy effect as at the date of acquisition. These benefits are not recognised
                  separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                  None of the goodwill arising on these acquisitions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                  Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                        2024
                                                                                                                      HK$’000


                  Consideration paid in cash                                                                          (527,152)
                  Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                      80,342


                                                                                                                      (446,810)


                  Since the acquisition, Tianjin Tanabe contributed approximately HK$257,449,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                  profit approximately HK$45,415,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2024.

     (b)   Acquisition of an asset


           On 24 April 2023, the Group entered into an share purchase agreement to acquire 87.5% equity interests of BlackSwan
           Vascular, Inc. (“BlackSwan”), from its original shareholder, at a consideration of approximately USD32,537,000
           (equivalent to approximately HK$255,417,000), an aggregate amount of base cash consideration of USD22,607,000
           (equivalent to approximately HK$177,464,000) and contingent consideration of approximately USD9,930,000
           (equivalent to approximately HK$77,953,000).

           Upon completion of the acquisition, BlackSwan has become a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, and its
           financial position and performance has been consolidated into the Group’s consolidation financial statement.
           BlackSwan is a US incorporated company mainly engaged in the research of development of liquid embolism. At the
           acquisition date, BlackSwan owned product license of LavaTM and KonaTM which are identifiable intangible assets
196    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

38. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (b)   Acquisition of an asset (Continued)
            Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                           HK$’000


            Property, plant and equipment                                                                                       578
            Intangible assets                                                                                               317,918
            Trade and other receivables                                                                                          17
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                         1,040
            Trade and other payable                                                                                         (11,198)
            Bank and other borrowing                                                                                        (16,450)
            Non-controlling interest                                                                                        (36,488)


            Total identifiable net assets acquired                                                                          255,417


            Net cash outflow on acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                           HK$’000


            Consideration paid in cash                                                                                      177,464
            Less: Cash and cash equivalent balances acquired                                                                 (1,040)


                                                                                                                            176,424


            The Group elected to apply the optional concentration test in accordance with HKFRS 3 “Business Combinations ” and
            concluded that the group of 2 intangible assets is a group of similar identifiable assets because the assets are similar in
            nature and risks associated with managing and creating outputs are not significantly different. Consequently, the
            Group determined that substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents and
            deferred tax assets and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred tax liabilities) acquired is concentrated in a
            group of similar identifiable assets and concluded that the acquired set of activities and assets is not a business.

            Therefore, the Group considered this would be an acquisition of assets in substance and as a result the difference
            between purchase consideration paid and the net assets acquired would be recognised as adjustments to the carrying
            value of the intangible asset.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024      197


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                 2024               2023
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


     Non-current assets
       Interests in associates                                                               4,910,601           4,928,819
       Interests in subsidiaries                                                             2,480,563           2,373,578
       Right-of-use assets                                                                         533               1,833

                                                                                             7,391,697           7,304,230

     Current assets
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      9,333             15,333
       Prepayment and other receivables                                                          13,636              1,013
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  1,341                639

                                                                                                 24,310             16,985

     Current liabilities
       Lease liabilities                                                                            567                1,309
       Financial guarantee                                                                        1,396                7,491
       Other payable                                                                              4,025                4,010
       Amount due to the immediate holding company                                                2,331                2,331

                                                                                                  8,319             15,141

     Net current assets                                                                          15,991                1,844

     Total assets less current liabilities                                                   7,407,688           7,306,074

     Non-current liabilities
       Lease liabilities                                                                              –                 567

                                                                                                      –                 567

     Net assets                                                                              7,407,688           7,305,507

     Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company
       Share capital                                                                            35,496              35,496
       Reserves                                                                              7,372,192           7,270,011

     Total equity                                                                            7,407,688           7,305,507


     The financial statement was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors of the Company on 12 March 2025
     and are signed on its behalf by

                              Tang Weikun                                               Zhou Chao
                                Director                                                 Director
198    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Movement of reserve of the Company


                                                                    Share Contributed                Treasury          Retained
                                                                 premium      surplus                  shares            profits            Total
                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000                 HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2023                                        6,523,049           121,273         (187,489)          498,842         6,955,675
      Total comprehensive income for the year                             –                 –                –           892,290           892,290
      Purchase of treasury shares                                         –                 –          (81,014)                –           (81,014)
      Dividend paid (note 13)                                             –                 –                –          (496,940)         (496,940)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                   6,523,049           121,273         (268,503)          894,192         7,270,011
      Total comprehensive income for the year                             –                 –                –         1,012,652         1,012,652
      Dividend paid (note 13)                                             –                 –                –          (910,471)         (910,471)
      As at 31 December 2024                                    6,523,049           121,273          (268,503)          996,373        7,372,192

      Note: Under the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended), no dividend shall be paid or distribution be made out of contributed surplus if to
            do so would render the Company unable to pay its liabilities as they become due or the realisable value of its assets would thereby become
            less than the aggregate of its liabilities and its issued share capital and share premium account.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024          199


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

40. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     (a)   In addition to the balances with associates as disclosed in note 19, related companies as disclosed in note 33 and
           immediate holding company as disclosed in note 35 during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group
           entered into following transactions with its related parties:

                                                                                                                        2024                    2023
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


           Sales of goods to Yangxin Fuxin (note (i))                                                                          –                   1,154
           Purchases of goods from Yangxin Fuxin (note (i))                                                                    –                  10,505

           Sales of goods to the companies with common controlling shareholder:
             Huadong Medicine Co. Ltd and its related companies (note (iii))                                          143,556                 155,755
             中國遠大集團有限責任公司and its related companies (unofficially
                translated as “China Grand Enterprises Incorporation” (note (ii))                                       13,626                    15,484

           Purchase of goods from the companies with common controlling shareholder:
             Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (note (iii))                                                      201,278                 113,881
             Sirtex Medical Singapore Pte Ltd. and its related companies (note (iv))                                  173,051                  58,048

           Processing services from the companies with common controlling shareholder:
             Hebei Grand Jiufu Biochemical Co., Ltd (note (iii))                                                        28,227                     9,983

           Notes:

           (i)      Transactions were conducted with terms mutually agreed with the contracting parties.

           (ii)     The transactions constitute continuing connected transactions in 2023 under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (iii)    The transactions are continuing connected transaction in 2023 and 2024 respectively under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (iv)     The transactions are connected transaction in 2023 and continuing connected transactions in 2024 under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                    Rules.


     (b)   Details of the financial guarantee given by China Grand Enterprises Incorporation to banks in respect of the loans
           granted to the Group as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 are set out in note 31.
200    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

40. MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c)   Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


            Short-term benefits                                                                     15,889              11,236
            Post-employment benefits                                                                   642                 812

                                                                                                    16,531              12,048


            The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the board of directors having regard to the
            performance of individuals and market trends.

41. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
      The Group has pledged the following assets to secure the bank borrowings and banking facilities granted to the Group:

                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


      Right-of-use assets                                                                           17,873              18,533
      Buildings (note 16)                                                                           87,242              97,287
      Interests in subsidiaries                                                                    115,792             120,066
      Pledged bank deposits (note 28)                                                                    –               3,389

                                                                                                   220,907             239,275
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    201


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

42. COMMITMENTS
     (a)   Operating lease commitment
           The Group as lessor

           The Group leases out certain of its office premises under operating lease arrangement. The rental income earned
           during the year was approximately HK$4,250,000 (2023: HK$962,000). The Group had future minimum lease receipts
           from tenants under non-cancellable operating lease which fall due as follows:

                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                        424                 377
           In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                1,631                   –
           After fifth year                                                                       160                   –

                                                                                                2,215                 377


     (b)   Capital commitment
                                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


           Capital expenditure in respect of the investments contracted for
             but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                      2,239,600          1,246,599
202    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

43. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefits scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) under
      the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. Under the MPF Scheme, employees are required to
      contribute 5% of their monthly salaries or up to a maximum of HK$1,500 (2023: HK$1,500) and they can choose to make
      additional contributions. Employers’ monthly contributions are calculated at 5% of the employee’s monthly salaries or up to a
      maximum of HK$1,500 (2023: HK$1,500) (the “mandatory contributions”). Employees are entitled to 100% of the employer’s
      mandatory contributions upon their retirement at the age of 65, death or total incapacity.

      Employees of the subsidiaries and an associate in the PRC are members of the state-sponsored pension scheme operated by
      the PRC government. The subsidiaries and an associate were required to contribute a certain percentage of the payroll of
      their staff to the pension scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the pension scheme
      is to make the required contributions.

      There were no forfeited contributions utilised to offset employers’ contributions for the year. And at the end of the reporting
      period, there was no forfeited contribution available to reduce the contributions payable in the future years.

      The total costs charged to profit or loss of approximately HK$155,574,000 (2023: HK$110,781,000) represents contributions
      payable to these schemes by the Group in respect of the current accounting period.

44. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash
      changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future cashflows will be classified in
      the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                 Amount
                                                               due to the
                                                              immediate                                 Bank and
                                                                 holding                Lease              other
                                                                company             liabilities       borrowings                 Total
                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000


      As at 1 January 2023                                           2,331               69,868           4,405,414           4,477,613
      Accrued interest                                                   –                6,748             198,397             205,145
      Financing cash outflows                                            –              (26,822)         (3,424,327)         (3,451,149)
      Interest paid                                                      –               (6,748)           (197,610)           (204,358)
      New leases entered                                                 –               55,129                   –              55,129
      Financing cash inflows                                             –                    –           2,369,788           2,369,788
      Acquisition of an asset (note 38(b))                               –                    –              16,450              16,450
      Exchange realignment                                               –               (1,950)            (60,098)            (62,048)
      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                      2,331               96,225           3,308,014           3,406,570
      Accrued interest                                                   –                5,660             174,582             180,242
      Financing cash outflows                                            –              (33,674)         (3,308,387)         (3,342,061)
      Interest paid                                                      –               (5,660)           (174,582)           (180,242)
      New leases entered                                                 –                2,617                   –               2,617
      Termination of lease                                               –                 (364)                  –                (364)
      Financing cash inflows                                             –                    –           4,480,749           4,480,749
      Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 38(a))                           –                    –               8,138               8,138
      Exchange realignment                                               –               (5,885)           (104,887)           (110,772)
      As at 31 December 2024                                        2,331              58,919           4,383,627           4,444,877
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024      203


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

45. LITIGATION
     With reference to the disclosure in the annual reports of the Company between 2016 to 2022, Tianjin Jingming, an indirect
     non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is undertaking certain litigations related to a product quality incident, and it is
     also claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those possible loss suffered by the
     Company. Up to 31 December 2024, there are 75 cases, 64 cases reached a final judgment, while the remaining cases have
     lost their rights to claim due to not filing a lawsuit. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the
     compensation and the related legal charges of approximately RMB40,200,000 in according to the court orders. The other
     related litigations of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core
     product of the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original
     shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident until 30 June 2015,
     and in April 2021 Grand Pharm (China) had claimed the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of
     those possible loss suffered. According to the final judgement by the court, the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming
     should compensate to Tianjin Jingming approximately RMB38,571,000 as the existing compensate and liquidated damages
     at the point of the judgement. After the execution of the enforcement order from the people’s court, Grand Pharm (China)
     has got properties and cash at approximately RMB7.52 million in aggregate from the original shareholders of Tianjin
     Jingming, and the outstanding amount is still under enforcement processes. Also Grand Pharm (China) has the right to raise
     litigation claiming the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming for the subsequent payment of the indemnification related to
     such product quality incident made by Tianjin Jingming. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the
     related litigations do not have material impact to the Group.

     According to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group
     that the net profit after tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic
     sales and shall not include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions（灌注液）of Tianjin Jingming for the
     period commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5,000,000 (the “Performance
     Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the share
     transfer consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014.
     The Group raised a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and after the first trial,
     second trial and retrial from the court, the court granted the final judgement in December 2020. It was concluded that the
     Group can get back the RMB10,000,000 share transfer consideration deposited in the bank account jointly controlled by the
     Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund approximately RMB11,200,000 share transfer
     consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. Up to now,
     the Group has followed the judgement from the court and got back the RMB10,644,000 deposited in the bank account
     jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors.

     In June 2016, the Group has successfully applied to the court to freeze RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$22,414,000) assets of the original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company since January 2015 in order to secure the Group’s pending responsibilities regarding certain litigations related to
     an incident as stated in a press release issued by the China National Food and Drug Administration (the “NMPA”) on 14 April
     2016, which is about a product quality incident related to some Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases produced by Tianjin
     Jingming. According to the terms of the sales and purchase agreement in relation to the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the
     original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for such product incident. The Group is claiming them for
     their responsibilities and also indemnified those related losses suffered by the Group.

     Up to the subsequent reporting period, the court has continued to seize two vehicles registered under the name of the
     original shareholder of Tianjin Jingming and has frozen their bank accounts. It is persistently enforcing the collection of cash
     and any other potential assets from the original shareholders.
204    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

45. LITIGATION (Continued)
      (a)   Writ issued in PRC by China Pharm (China) and original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming
            Although such product incident is still under investigation, being taking up the social responsibilities and fulfilling
            related requirements, the Group had recalled all products of the related batches and also temporary suspended the
            production and sales of such related products. According to the terms of the Tianjin Jingming acquisition agreement,
            Tianjin Jingming had already fully settled the penalty of approximately RMB14,430,000 (equivalent to approximately
            HK$16,361,000) imposed by the NMPA. As at the date of this report, Tianjin Jingming is undertaking certain claim
            actions for approximately RMB16,540,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$18,762,000) given to the above incident.
            Given that (i) referring to the opinions from the professional organised by the NMPA, it is unable to identify the
            impurity that caused the product incident with the existing technology and it will need further investigation and
            research to find out the cause thereof; (ii) Ophthalmic Perfluoro propane Gases is not the core product of the Group,
            the Board considers that the suspension of the production of such product and the recall of the relevant batches by
            Tianjin Jingming do not have any material impact on the Group’s operations or financial position; and (iii) according to
            the terms of the Tianjin Jingming Acquisition Agreement, the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming should
            responsible for the compensation of such product incident. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident
            and related litigations do not have material impact to the Group. For the detail information, please refer to the Group’s
            interim report date on 20 September 2016.

            On 22 August 2016, original shareholders of Tianjin Jingming filed its objection to the Rulings of Enforcement to the
            Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court.

            On 5 September 2016, the Group received the Wuhan Intermediate People’s Court’s dismissal to its objection.

      (b)   Writs issued in PRC by Tianjin Jingming and certain plaintiffs
            In April and September 2016, the Group received writs issued by certain plaintiffs against Tianjin Jingming (as
            defendant) and demand for payment with claiming of plaintiffs legal charges.

            On 17 January 2017, Tianjin Jingming received judgements dated 17 January 2017 issued by Beijing Haidian District
            People’s Court. The court made orders to request Tianjin Jingming to provide the compensation payment with the
            relevant legal charges of approximately RMB3,952,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$4,619,000).

            As at the date of this report, the court has concluded 71 cases, and remaining 1 case are under hearing processes at
            the people’s court. Among the final and effective judgements, Tianjin Jingming has paid the compensation and the
            related legal charges of approximately RMB40,199,645.99 in according to the court orders. The other related litigations
            of the product quality incident have not yet been concluded. Given that (1) such product is not the core product of
            the Group, and (2) according to the terms of the agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the original
            shareholders of Tianjin Jingming should be responsible for the compensation of such product incident, and
            GrandPharma (China) is also claiming the original shareholders of the Tianjin Jingming for the indemnification of those
            possible loss suffered. Hence, the Directors are of the view that the said incident and the related litigations do not have
            material impact to the Group.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      205


Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

45. LITIGATION (Continued)
     (c)   Writs issued in PRC by Grand Pharm (China)
           Except the above litigation related to the product incident of Tianjin Jingming, according to the terms of the
           agreement for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming, the vendors have undertaken to the Group that the net profit after
           tax (the “Actual Profit”) from domestic sales (only include the net profit generated from domestic sales and shall not
           include the profit generated from the sales of irrigating solutions（灌 注 液）) of Tianjin Jingming for the period
           commencing on 1 January 2015 and ending on 30 June 2015 shall not be less than RMB5 million (the “Performance
           Guarantee”). If the above Performance Guarantee cannot be met, the Group can claim for a refund of part of the
           consideration in according to the formula set out in the announcement of the Company dated 22 December 2014. The
           Group was in a litigation against those vendors in related to the said Performance Guarantee, and in July 2017
           obtained the judgement of first instance from the court and received the final judgement from the court in February
           2018. It is concluded that the Group can get back the RMB10 million share transfer consideration currently deposited in
           the bank account jointly controlled by the Group and the vendors. The vendors should also additionally refund
           approximately RMB21.2 million share transfer consideration to the Group in according to the terms of the agreement
           for the acquisition of Tianjin Jingming. The vendors subsequently applied for rehearing of the aforesaid judgement,
           and the matter will be reheard according to the court’s judgement in December 2019, but it has reached final
           judgement from Hubei Higher People’s Court（湖北省高級人民法院）that the appeal from the vendors has been
           rejected and uphold the verdict.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, so far as the Directors were aware, the Group was not engaged in any
     litigation or claims of material importance, and no litigation or claims of material importance are pending or threatened
     against the Group.


46. MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
     During the year, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased properties and motor vehicles for fixed
     terms of 2 to 3 years. On the lease commencement, the Group recognised approximately HK$2,617,000 (2023:
     HK$55,129,000) of right-of-use assets and approximately HK$2,617,000 (2023: HK$55,129,000) of lease liabilities.

     The Group entered in the above non-cash activities which are not reflected in the consolidated statement of cash flows.
206    Grand Pharmaceutical Group Limited



Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024

47. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (a)   On 21 February 2025, the Group entered into the Supplemental Agreement with Nanjing Fund, Shanghai Hongsheng,
            NanJing Kainite Medical Technology Company Limited and its Subsidiary to, among other things, confirm the exercise
            of Grand Pharmaceutical’s right to carry out the Acquisition from Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng at the
            Estimated Valuation, and further set out the payment terms of the Acquisition Consideration. Pursuant to the Original
            Agreement, Grand Pharmaceutical has the right to acquire all of the remaining equity interest in the NanJing Kainite
            Medical Technology Company Limited and its Subsidiary. Grand Pharmaceutical intends to exercise its right to carry
            out the Acquisition from Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng with the Acquisition Consideration set with reference
            to the Estimated Valuation of RMB357,000,000 in proportion to their respective equity interest holding in the Target
            Company (i.e. RMB109,384,800 in aggregate for the Acquisition from Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng). Upon
            completion of the Acquisition from Nanjing Fund and Shanghai Hongsheng, the Target Company will be owned as to
            59.91% by Grand Pharmaceutical.

      (b)   On 28 February 2025, the Group has disposed part of the Group’s shareholding in Telix Pharmaceuticals Limited (“Telix”,
            a company listed in the Australian Securities Exchange and the United States Nasdaq, stock code: ASX: TLX, Nasdaq:
            TLX), off the market, approximately 45.2% of its holding (4,947,181 shares) in Telix at a value of approximately AU$143
            million.

      Save as disclosed above and elsewhere in the annual report, no subsequent events occurred after 31 December 2024 which
      may have a significant effect, on the assets and liabilities of future operations of the Group.

48. COMPARATIVE INFORMATION
      Certain comparative figures have been reclassified, to conform to current year’s presentation.

49. APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 12 March 2025.
